Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Justine. How may I help you?
hi Justine. I'm calling because I moved and I need to update my address.
Oh sure. I can definitely help you update that. Let's see. May I please have your name?
Tilly Miles. Yeah, I've been meaning to do this for weeks but I just haven't gotten around to it yet.
That's totally understandable. With just having moved I'm sure everything's kind of a mess. All right. So Mrs. Miles for security purposes may I also please have your date of birth?
Of course. It is July twenty-third nineteen eighty-two. and my PIN is six seven nine nine.
Oh great. Thank you. so for security purposes can you please provide me with the last four digits of your social security number?
yes. Eight eight nine zero.
Thank you so much. OK so I do see that you have a security question on the account.
Uh-huh.
it looks like maybe mother's maiden name.
Gerard.
that's it. Thank you.
Uh-huh.
OK. So Mrs. Miles I do have your account details pulled up here and the address that we have on file currently for you is one two four five Lawrence Boulevard and I show that that is Charlotte, North Carolina with a ZIP of nine zero one nine one.
Yeah that's my old address. I moved to New York.
Oh my gosh. How nice. New York City or?
Oh no. I could never live in New York City. Way too many people.
I can totally understand that. I my mom lives there so I'm just kinda curious what brings about the move may I ask?
Oh I I took a new position with the company I work for. It's a promotion so I'm happy about it.
Oh my gosh. Well congratulations.
Yeah, thank you. I'm loving it so far.
Oh that is awesome. I am so happy to hear it.
Thank you.
OK, so let's get this changed.
Actually you know what, I was hoping to get a replacement card because my chip is malfunctioning lately.
Oh OK sure. I am so sorry to hear that. which card is the chip malfunctioning in?
The credit card.
OK. I can definitely assist with getting a replacement card out to you.
Great. Thank you.
Yeah, absolutely. I know that it can be frustrating when chip readers don't work. I happens to me all the time.
Yeah. It it wasn't an issue until recently. Oh you know what I I just remembered, never mind, it's not the card actually. The restaurant where I go for lunch everyday has a faulty chip reader. That's right, they told me that. I was thinking it was the card, sorry, but it's not. I'd like to keep the card I have.
Oh no problem. I'm I'm glad you remembered before we sent that replacement out.
Yeah. No sense in getting a new card if you don't have to.
Oh my gosh absolutely especially with your move you don't need more stress. OK so let's get that address changed. what is your new home address?
It is eighty-two Dalton Falls Boulevard, Saratoga Springs, New York five six seven one eight.
And would you please spell Saratoga for me?
Sure. S A R A T O G A.
Perfect I didn't want to get that in there wrong. All right so and is that your mailing address, as well?
It is, yes.
OK perfect. And it looks like we have a telephone number for you of six seven one one four nine zero nine one nine. Is that still an accurate number?
Yes it is.
Perfect. And I also see that you are not enrolled in paperless billing. Would you like me to enroll you?
no not at this time. Thank you though.
OK, yeah, yeah no problem. We'll set that aside then. All right Mrs. Miles let's see here. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that was it. Thank you so much.
You are so welcome. I hope you have a wonderful weekend, get your house all situated and can relax and enjoy.
Yeah, thank you. You too. Oh I'm sorry I did have one other question.
Oh gosh, no worries. What else can I do for you?
so I was hoping you could tell me what my interest rate is on my credit card.
Certainly. If you don't mind give me just one moment while I bring that information back up here.
Yeah, sorry.
No, no, not at all. It's my pleasure. OK. Let's see here. So it looks like your APR is eight point three percent.
OK would it be possible to request that that be lowered?
Yeah, I can definitely help you put in that request. bear with me just a moment while I submit that.
Sure, thank you.
Of course. OK so I have submitted that request and they usually make a decision rather quickly so I'd expect that you'd hear from someone in about twenty-four to forty-eight hours, possibly even sooner.
OK wonderful. did you need any additional information from me for that?
I don't think so but if the team has any questions they will definitely reach out to you by email if that works for you.
Yeah, that's great. OK thank you for all your help.
You are so very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful weekend and thank you for your continued business Mrs. Miles.
Yeah, thank you. You, as well.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Susan. How may I help you?
Hi Susan. Hey I've gotta update a . Make an update to my account information.
Yes. And who am I speaking with?
this is Todd Nickerson.
Hi Todd. And for verification. Can you give me your date of birth?
all right. It's eight twenty-one sixty-nine.
OK. And Todd, what is your account.
Hey.
Hey, Susan. I just wanna update my my email address. It's simple. I don't. We don't have to go into all this other stuff.
Yes. And I can help you with that. But I do need to verify your identify and verify the account.
All right. All right. well what do you need then?
OK. either your account number. Or if it's easier you can give me your credit card number.
All right. my account number. It's nine one zero eight. Four two five. Zero three.
OK. And for your security question, I have here what.
Excuse me. Susan. I just want to update my email address. We don't have to go into all this other stuff. I would be giving you a new email address and that's all. Could we get. Just do that? Right now?
Yes.
I I'm sorry Todd. I understand your frustration. But I'm required. Bank Policy. I'm required to get this information from you. I'm sorry. We'll try to do this quickly. I need the security question answered. What is your mother's maiden name?
Mary Eldridge. Is that gonna be all?
Great. Thank you.
Yes. And also your account number.
OK. It's nine one. Zero eight. Four two five. Zero three. Didn't I already give you that number?
I have it now. Thank you. This is correct. And what is the email address that you currently have on file with us?
It's Todd Nickerson at Gmail dot com.
OK Todd. What would you like the updated email address to be?
Todd Nickerson at Yahoo dot com. Very simple change. It should only. It should have happened minutes ago.
OK. I'm sorry about that.
That's all right. I'm kind of busy. So if we could get this done.
OK. It's Todd Nickerson at Yahoo dot com. And you'll get an email confirming this change.
That's correct.
All right.
OK. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, No, you've
Been way way more helpful. It's Actually. Can you. Can you give me an account balance? On On my checking account.
Yes. On the account number that you just gave me?
Yep.
Yep. You got that number still?
OK, hold on.
Yes. Hold on just a second. OK. On that account. Ending in two five zero three. Your balance is sixteen thousand four hundred and eighty-two dollars.
Yeah.
See that seems a little lower than what I have. Could. Sixteen thousand and what?
.
Sixteen thousand two hundred and five dollars.
Two hun~
All right. Yeah. OK. That's good I guess. I'll have to check that. If that's wrong I'll call you back.
All right.
Do you have online banking?
Yup. Yup.
OK. If you go on online banking you can see all the transactions and make sure that everything is correct. If anything looks out of whack to you. You can call if there's something you don't recognize.
Yeah.
Yeah. I I'll have to do that. I I thought it was a a thousand or so more than that. And I'd have to go back and see what I. Cuz I may have spent some money on it. So all right. I'll I'll check that out. I'm.
OK. And you can do online banking.
Yeah. I've got an online banking account and. And That's. I just wanted to. I thought this would be quicker. To change my email address by calling you. But apparently I was incorrect. And I could have done it quicker online. And
OK Todd. Well well I appreciate that you're calling. And if I can help you in any other way. Let me know.
you'll be the first I call. All right. Thanks a lot.
OK. Thanks for calling Intellibank. Bye!
OK. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Melanie. How can I help you?
Yeah, hey. This is John Smith. I've got a couple quick questions. I'm over here at the Red Pony Lounge.
OK, John. What can I help you with?
Yeah I need to know what your ATM withdrawal limits are for the day.
Certainly. Our ATM withdrawal limit is on a per day basis and it is up to two hundred dollars.
OK, what's your typical ATM withdrawal fees?
Sure. If you use any of our ATMs there is no fee. However, if you do use an ATM that is outside of our institution, they can charge their own fee. Usually it's around a three dollar fee.
Ooh, that's not good. Let me check the ATM real quick and see if it's one of the authorized ones.
OK.
OK and it looks like it's from a different bank. is there a nearby ATM? I can give you the address of the place.
Yeah, I can certainly look that up for you if you just wanna provide me with your the location that you're at.
Yeah, it's the Red Pony Lodge. It's at eighty-six eighty-six Red Lane.
OK. The city, state and ZIP?
it's in Red Rock, California nine two oh eighty-eight.
OK. Give me one moment here to try to find some near location ATMs.
that'd be great. Thank you.
OK. It looks like I have three ATMs nearby. Looks like the closest one is about point one miles from your location.
what's the address of that?
OK, that address is eight oh nine Hanson Boulevard.
Oh, I know where that is. There's a steakhouse right next to it. OK, yeah.
OK, is there anything else I could help you with today?
no, it. Wait, is there a local branch nearby? Just in case I need to withdraw money over the limit.
sure. I'd be happy to look that up for you. Give me just one second here to go back and look this up. . It looks like the nearest branch is about five miles from your location. It is at eighteen fifty-four North Hanson Lane.
And that's still in Red Rock right?
Yes, that is.
Oh, OK. What's your hours?
OK certainly. The hours of that branch are eight a.m. to six p.m. Monday through Friday.
Oh perfect, perfect. Yeah, I think I'll just see if I can head down to the ATM now. Thank you.
OK, thank you. You have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. How may I help you?
Hi, Peter. This is, Simone.
Hi, Simone. How are you doing today?
I am doing well.
What can I help you with today, Simone?
well, I'm having a hard time deciding if I should just go to the ATM and get some cash out of my account. And, then, sense the ATM is right there I should just then get inside the branch and just deposit it into my other account?
Is there another way I could do that? I'm kind of busy. I'm running around and I don't really have time to do all these stops.
do you have our mobile banking app?
I don't know, hold on a second. What is it? What is it supposed to look like?
It's the Intellibank logo. It's a little blue circle with an I in it.
OK. Hold on let me look through all my apps over here. No, I do not have it.
Do you have access to our web banking?
You mean like on my phone?
or on a computer or an iPad or anything like that?
Not at the moment.
Not at the moment. OK. so, let me see. Simone, we can give me. What's your last name?
Simone Bishop.
Bishop. All right. And your date of birth?
April second nineteen sixty-eight.
All right. And a current address for you, Simone?
six seven zero Maple Road Stowe New Hampshire nine one zero one one.
All right, I am pulling you up here. OK, I have located your accounts. we can do a transfer. We can do a transfer over the phone if you would like.
Really? You can do that? OK. Well, let's. Well, yeah.
I can do that for you.
OK. So to verify your account, the last four digits of your social security number.
Seven four one one.
All right, OK, that checks out. So what are you looking to move? you're looking to move money from where to where? How much ?
from my checking account to my saving account.
OK. All right.
Doesn't that always feels good when you actually have extra money to put into your saving account?
And.
Oh it absolutely does. Well, thank you for being such a valued customer and and saving your money with us.
Aww, just such a
you're welcome. Just give me a little bit of a higher percentage and I'll be even more happier.
All right. OK, so how much would you like to transfer from your checking account ending in two nine one one to your savings account ending in two nine one two?
let's move three thousand.
Three thousand dollars? OK. So, just to confirm, we're moving three thousand dollars from your checking account two nine one one to your savings account two nine one two. Correct?
Correct.
All right. OK, so I'm going ahead and processing that transaction right now. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
actually, can you please give me the balances on both accounts, please? Yes. Please.
Oh, on both accounts? Sure.
So in your checking account now, you have seven thousand one hundred and thirty-two dollars and forty-three cents. And with the addition of the three thousand dollars to your savings account you now have thirty-four thousand dollars four thirty-four thousand, I'm sorry, one hundred and thirteen dollars and fifty-three cents.
Oh, OK, feels good.
So, can I interest you in any other products that we have?
What do you have?
Well, we have CDs that you could use some of that money and put them into a CD.
Yeah, but then. Yeah, but then I can't touch it for a certain amount of time, right?
We also
That is correct.
Yeah, it's tempting but I got to think about that one.
OK. Was there anything else that we can assist you with today here at Intellibank?
No, I was just had no idea that I could actually do that over the phone. I thought that I have to sit home in front of the computer, do all the stuff or just drive there and basically spend an hour of doing it all, but that worked.
OK. Well, you can also download our mobile app and log into it and then if you ever wanted to transfer money across the mobile app you could do that even quicker than our phone call.
OK. Well, when I get a spare. A spare minute I'll do that.
So, if you would like, I can send
You a link in your email that we have on file here.
Oh, even better. Please do.
All right.
So, I will send you the link to the mobile banking app and to your Simone Bishop email. And That has been sent. So is there anything else that we can assist you with today?
No, that was very, very nice.
All right. And if there's nothing else, thank you for being a valued customer of Intellibank. And we look forward to serving you in the future.
Thank you, Peter.
All right. Have a good day.
You, too. Bye bye.
Good afternoon, Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Oh, I just moved and I'm wondering about an ATM where I moved to here.
what is your address?
my new address is twenty-three Forest Road Frederick Maryland, two one seven zero one.
OK, we have a bank there on Main Street you could use and you could use any ATM at Seven Eleven and if you use the Sheetz ATM there will be a dollar fee.
Mhm. And I assume the one on Main Street has its own ATM machine right there?
Yes.
Does it. Do they have a drive-through ATM do you know?
No they don't, just the walk-up one.
OK. the other thing I'd like to know is about getting some new checks with my new address on.
Yes, we you could get one free a year. so what is your account number?
let's see.
. Oh, seven one three eight two two one eight one zero nine. And that's the checking account.
OK.
OK, I will go ahead and check your address. What is your address again?
Twenty-three Forest Road Frederick, Maryland two one seven zero one.
All right. I will go ahead and put an order in. Do you want just the standard checks?
Yes.
OK.
I assume they're free?
Yes.
Do you have a choice of color?
You could have blue or green background.
OK. I think I would like blue.
OK. I will go ahead and order the blue for you. Is is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is there anything else I have to change because I've just moved?
You, do you have a new phone number?
Yes, I do.
Let's go ahead and update that phone number for you.
OK. Seven one zero two one three eighty-eight eighty-six.
OK. We will got ahead and update that phone number for you. Is there anything else?
Where are you located?
I actually work at the the bank there in Frederick.
Oh, OK. So, I guess you have the same kinda weather I'm having then.
Yes.
Yeah, it's really nice out today. I hope it lasts.
I hope so too.
Yeah. I guess my. Do I have to change my address on my Visa account too I guess that I have with you?
Yes. well actually that will automatically happen since we've I pulled up your account it automatically changed that address for you.
OK. I guess my loan will be changed too?
what is your account number for your loan?
Well I think it's the same account number for everything isn't it? Wait, look at that.
yes it is. So that that will be changed also.
OK. let's see. How many checks come with a an order of checks?
It's a hundred and fifty checks. It come in.
That'll last.
That should last for a while.
Yeah. do you take. Are you taking advantage of our online banking where you could write checks and payments that way too?
well, I have automatic deposit of some things. but and then. Well, I guess I'll have to change that because I have my electric bill deducted and now it'll be a different company. So, I guess I have to change that. Let's see I had the telephone deducted, so I guess I'll have to change that.
and make sure you call the you're prior electric company and have them your account taken off there so they don't charge you for the new people that move there.
That's for sure. I don't wanna pay their bill. Well, I guess that's all I need to know right now.
Well thank you, and enjoy the weather out there.
You, too.
Right. Bye.
Bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Donetta. How can I help you today?
Good afternoon, Donetta. How are you doing this evening?
I'm doing well, thanks for asking. How are you?
Not doing too good.
I'm sorry to hear that. What's going on?
Trying to figure out if my card is lost or stolen.
Oh, yes, ma'am. I can understand that can be a scary situation. I can get that pulled up for you. What's your first and last name?
Sarah McFadden. That's McFadden. M C F A D D E N.
Thank you, Sarah. And your date of birth?
Zero six, one two, one nine, nine three.
Thank you. And that was zero six one two one nine nine three.
Yes, ma'am.
Great. Thank you. And what's your driver's license number?
One five three two five four five four two.
OK, and that's one five three two, five four, four two five?
No, ma'am. One five three two five four two, five four two.
That seems to be too many numbers. Can we do that? Oh, I'm so sorry. Let's do that one more time. One five three two five four four five two?
Yes, ma'am, that is correct.
OK, all right. Thank you. Thank you so much. And what's your mother's maiden name?
Long. L O N G.
Great, thank you. And your account number with us?
Mm, my account number is.
I.
I do apologize that's yours said your. Your card. So which one is lost or stolen? Your credit card or debit card?
My debit card, ma'am.
OK, your debit card. Thank you. And can I get your debit card number?
Yes, ma'am. It is four five four three twenty-four forty-three, fifty-four sixteen eleven thirteen.
OK, and that's four five four three two four four three, five four one six, one one one three.
Yes, ma'am, that's correct.
Thank you. And your expiration date?
Zero seven twenty-four.
Thanks again. And what is the date you think you lost or misplaced your card?
I'm gonna say around September twenty-six.
OK, of twenty twenty, or twenty twenty-one?
Twenty twenty-one.
OK, got it. Thank you. And let's see. And what is the last place you remember using your card?
Publix grocery store.
Publix, OK. Yep, I do see that here. Publix grocery. Last place that was used, on that date. So I don't see any transactions after that, so I don't think that it was stolen. So that's a great thing.
Yes, it is.
What I can do is go ahead and get that card canceled for you and re-issue you a new one, if you would like.
Yes, ma'am, please.
Yes, ma'am, I can do that. Give me one second, let me take care of that in the system.
OK, go right ahead.
Thank you. And what address would we be sending that to?
one one one Thirty-second Avenue, Big Rapids, Michigan. Four nine four four three.
Thank you. And I have one one one Thirty-second Avenue, Big Rapids, Michigan, four nine four four three. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am, that's correct.
OK, thank you. Let me get that set up here for you. All right. Mrs. McFadden. I have got that all set up in the system. I've got your old card canceled. And a new card reissued. You should receive that card in the mail in about five to seven business days from today.
OK, thank you so much. That's perfect.
Great. And now, when you receive the card, the instructions on how to activate the card would be inside the envelope If you have any problems with activation, or you run into any troubles, you're more than welcome to give us a call back. And we would definitely help you get that card activated.
Will do.
Great. Is there anything else that I can help you with at this time?
Yes, if you don't mind, while I have you on the phone, can you let me know the exact balance that is in both my checking and savings account?
Yes, ma'am, I can. Give me one moment. So your checking account, your balance is six hundred forty-three dollars and twenty-seven cent. And your savings account balance is three thousand six hundred twenty-two dollars and thirteen cent.
OK, thank you so much. That is perfect. That is exactly what I needed.
Yes, ma'am. And just to let you know, we also offer online banking, if you ever wanted to check your balance without giving us a call and waiting on the line. You can also sign up for our online banking. And I could send you information on that, if you would like?
OK, yes ma'am, please and thank you.
You're welcome. And what's the email address we would be sending that to?
That is Sarah McFadden. Again, M C F A D D E N at Gmail dot com.
OK, and I have that as Sarah, S A R A H?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. M C F A D D E N. At Gmail dot com?
Yes, ma'am, that is correct.
OK, thank you, Sarah. I will get that information sent out regarding our online banking. Is there anything else that I can possibly let you know about today? We have different type of banking installment loans. And different services that we offer.
No, ma'am, that is all.
OK, well thank you so much for calling Intellibank today. It's been a pleasure working with you. There's nothing else. I would like to tell you to have a great day, and thanks for calling.
You as well, thank you.
You welcome, thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank who this is Susan. How may I help you?
Hi, Susan. Hey I need to make a transfer to a a trade show that I'm sponsoring.
OK and who am I speaking with today?
I am Justin Cramer.
Justin. You.
It's with a
With a C. Cramer.
OK and Justin what you will you be making an internal transfer to one of your account or to another person's account?
No this is to I've got a I've got it's it's I don't know what their account is but they gave me the they gave me the the I don't know what kind of account it is, but they gave me the number and so that's what I gotta that's where it's gotta go.
OK and they're both Intellibank accounts?
I'm pretty sure they are they they I can I can double check that can you check it?
Yes, I can check that for you.
OK.
All right. So.
OK.
And I have to ask you a couple more questions. What is. Justin, what is your birth date?
December thirteenth nineteen sixty-two.
OK and I have here a security question asking you what is the name of your first elementary school that you attended?
Oh gee I I think it was Di I'm sorry I don't remember. is that. Is that one that you've asked me before?
I have
Yes, I have another security question maybe you can answer that? And what is the name of your first pet?
OK Yeah.
Oh that was Boscoe.
OK, yup that's what we have here All Right now I need some information from you. I want to know the number of the account that you're going to be sending the money to and the number of the account that the money is going to be coming from.
OK. It's the the the number the I don't know if you need the company it's Clydesdale. But it's four three eight six one one four two.
And that's the account that the money is going to go to?
That's right.
OK, and what is the account that you wanted to send.
OK it's it's in my name and it's three five zero two six one nine nine.
OK give me just a minute and I'll open both of those accounts up.
Yeah let me know if that if that account is in this bank. I think he said it was, if it wasn't we'll have to make adjusts but it probably is.
Yes, this is an an Intellibank account and that we can send it to, and from your account. And how much money would you like to send?
Five thousand dollars.
There's not five thousand in this account.
In my account there isn't?
Right in the account that's six one nine nine, in your account under Justin Cramer. There's only four thousands eight hundred dollars in here.
That's embarrassing I've got another account I didn't wanna it's that's more personal we'll go we'll go with the I'll give you another account that is mine, and we'll have to go from that and I'll here tell me when you're ready.
OK I'll take that number.
Six zero two eight two eight nine nine.
Two eight nine nine. OK. Give me just a minute there.
OK Justin yes, there's enough in there to send. I can send I'm going to now send five thousand dollars from your two eight nine nine account to the other account that's one one four two.
Yup. Great. That's just what I need.
And, and
Give me just a couple minutes and I'll take care of that right now.
I appreciate you doing that.
And you said you were Susan?
Yes.
Oh, thank you Susan.
You're welcome.
While we're waiting here did you. Have you had change of address I have here Bullridge Court. Are you still at that address?
No, yeah.
We're still there.
OK, great.
Appreciate you taking care of this right away.
Not a problem.
OK it looks like the transfer of five thousands dollars is processing now, and you should be receiving an email within a couple of hours that it was that it's complete. And it'll so you can track that and what is your current email address to make sure that we get it to the right one?
OK it's Justin Cramer Cramer is C R A M E R at Gmail dot com.
Yes, that we have that one already so we'll send it use that same email address. And we'll send that now and is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been.
You've been exceptionally helpful. I appreciate your help.
OK. So if you have any other questions any problems just give us a call, we appreciate your service. Your. We appreciate your customer being a customer.
OK, thanks very much.
Yup. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Marlon Johnson. How can I provide an excellent service for you today?
I made an online purchase. The transaction was declined but I was debited. Can you please look into this?
OK if I got you correctly, you say you made an online purchase and you were the transaction was declined and you were still debited. Am I right?
Yes, you're right.
OK. When was this transaction carried out?
Please hold on a moment while I check to confirm.
Alright.
oh! Nevermind. The transaction has just been reversed.
OK, that is a relief. is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah. I'd like to I'd like you to check my account balance please.
Sure, I can help you with that. OK ma'am, may I please have your first and last name?
Sure. my first name is Sarah and my last name is Paul.
What is your date of birth please?
My date of birth is the nineteenth of July nineteen eighty-nine.
Can you verify the last four digits of your Social Security number?
Sure I can, but you'll have to hold on a moment please a second.
Oh that's fine. Take your time.
hello? Are you there?
Yeah, I can hear you.
OK, the last four digits of my security my Social Security number is four four five nine.
OK, for your security question, what is the name of your best friend?
The name of my best friend is Aaron.
What is your account type?
My account type is a checking account.
OK. What is your account number?
My sorry? My account number is five two seven seven nine nine eight seven two two did you get that?
Yes, I got that. OK please hold on while I check your account balance.
OK, sure.
Alright. Thanks for holding the line, ma'am. Your checking account balance is two thousand four hundred and fifteen dollars and ninety-five cents. Again, your checking account balance is two thousand four hundred and fifteen dollars and ninety-five cents. Would you like further information about online banking in order to check your account balance yourself in the future?
I would like that but unfortunately I don't have an Android phone.
Oh, that's fine. We we also have. You can also do that on your iOS device if you've got one.
yeah, I do but maybe next time.
OK. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Well, for now nothing but I'd like to state this. You have a really wonderful voice.
Oh thank you very much and you also have a beautiful voice as well.
Oh. Thank you. I appreciate.
Will that be all for today?
Yes, that'll be all for today. Thank you.
Again, my name is Marlon Johnson. Thank you for your time and have a nice day.
Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for calling the Intellibank, this is Mary. How can I help you?
This Peter Davis, and I have a problem that somebody took money from my bank. fifty-two fifty from Tom's Grocery shop. And I never did that purchase.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear about that sir. Let me get some information from you and I'll be able to assist you much better. so your name is?
Peter Davis.
Peter Davis. And your date of birth?
November four, nineteen sixty-eight.
OK, I'll need some information to be able to access your account. Do you have your drivers license number handy?
Yes. That's five zero zero two one four eight one.
Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Yes.
Great. And, do you have, we have a security question on here. It looks like it's your ma mothers maiden name. Can you provide that for me?
Yep, Marlen.
Marlon? M A R L O N?
M A R L E N.
Oh, OK. Sorry about that. M A R L E N. And, we need your account number. Do you happen to have that?
where can I find it?
Do you happen to have a bank statement handy?
Yes, right in front of me.
Great, it's up where, in the right top hand corner.
That's five four three two one zero zero one two three.
Five four three two one zero zero one two three.
Yes.
Great. OK, I'm pulling up your account right now. Looks like I have everything I need. so you said what the dollar amount was?
Fifty-two fifty.
Fifty-two fifty. And, yep I see it right here. You say Tom's Grocery?
Yeah.
Great. and you're disputing this because you said you didn't make the charge.
Yes, that's not mine.
OK. So let me mark that right here for you. So, yep got it. So I marked it as not your charge. And what the process is right now is, we will lock your card and it will be canceled immediately.
That's nice.
Yes, and then what we'll do is we'll send you another one in the mail. That you should be, receive in the next three to five days. And you can either keep the same pin number or reprogram it.
OK.
OK, and so, what we'll also do is send you a notification in the mail or email. Which ever you prefer. And it will have everything we went through the amount you're disputing and you'll need to sign off on it.
OK. By mail is better.
OK. I'll send it to you by mail. It will come in a prepaid envelope so you just stick it back in the mail to us and while we investigate everything I will put the money back into your account immediately. So I will credit your account for fifty-two fifty. And we'll investigate this issue. Most likely we won't have any problems. So, everything should be fine on that.
Oh, that's great.
Yes, so you don't have anyone else on your account am I correct?
Yes, only me.
OK, great. is there anything else I can help you with?
I was looking into online banking. Maybe that's something I could do. Because I was last summer in the hospital for four months. I could not make any payments. My daughter needed to come to my place to help me. And it was so hot in that hospital. How's the weather there, by the way?
Well the weather is nice here. Nice and sunny. sir, I am so sorry to hear about your hospital stay last summer. and I do understand that it does make banking very difficult when you're away. what we can do is, we can send you information in the mail, or again, by email if you prefer. Which ever one.
Yeah.
By mail please.
Got it. OK, by mail. What it will do is it will walk you step by step on how to set up your online banking account. And it will be linked to all the accounts you have with us. So you will be able to check your checking account balance. Your savings account balance. If you have any loan payments, that will be an option as well.
Oh, that sounds great. I think my daughter, she does online banking herself so she can help me set all this stuff up.
That sounds great, sir. the steps are very very easy, like I said but, if you have any issues at all you're more than welcome to call us back and we can walk you through it on the phone or we can also assist and set it up for you as well. you can, you're welcome to set up an appointment and come into the bank if you would prefer also. So, if there's any issues at all please just let us know. We're here to help you. any day or night. We're available twenty-four seven.
Oh, that sounds good. Yeah, I will definitely will do that if I run into problems with the online banking.
Great. That's so, that's so great to hear Mr. Davis. So please let us know if you have any other issues or concerns. you should be receiving that information in the mail, regarding the online banking as well as the fraud charge that you were disputing. So please make sure you sign it and send it back to us in the mail. that's all you have we wish you a great day Mr. Davis and please keep us in mind and refer us to your friends.
OK, will do that. Thank you very much ma'am.
Thank you. Have a great day.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Samantha. How can I help you today?
hi. I need to check sounds. On my on my checking account.
All right. And, what's your first and last name?
It's Jessie. Jessie Brown.
All right Jessie. And, give me one moment here.
All right Jessie. And, what's your date of birth?
It's eight twenty-four seventy-five.
All right.
All right Jessie. And, what's the account number on your checking?
hold on a second. I got it over here.
Sure.
Six nine two four eight seven three zero zero zero one six four. Nine seven two.
OK. And, it looks like you have a security question here.
What is the name of the first street that you grew up on?
Oh boy.
That was man that was all the way back on Baxter. Baxter street.
Baxter. OK.
And you said you're checking the checking account balance correct?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just don't feel like getting off my butt and going to the A T. Going to the bank. You know. I just call you and have you look it up for me.
Sure.
And, Jessie what's your driver's license number?
Oh man. Hold on.
All right. We got P C six eight. Two seven four
Is there an extra number in there?
one.
All righty. Thank you.
All right Jessie. And, it looks like the balance on your account is one thousand five hundred and twenty-nine dollars and thirty-one cents.
OK.
.
Can can can you tell me what the last two amounts were? The last two transactions what the amounts were for?
Sure.
Because I been having an issue. And I've called to get it taken care of and the lady was pretty rude to me and I don't I don't feel like she really listened to me. I didn't feel like you really wanted to help me.
And, I ain't used it in a while so in the last two transactions tell me if she's doing her job or not.
Sure. do you by chance remember the agent's name?
Her ID number by chance?
no I'm not good with numbers. But, her name was Rose.
Rose? OK.
I don't know what trouble Yeah. Yeah put it down. Rose is rude.
I will actually mark that down in the comments.
Sorry about that sir.
Should have been named Rudy.
That's very creative of you sir. I am actually marking notes in your account and I will contact my manager about Rose and we'll see if we can pull her in for a manager meeting and see exactly what happened and review the call that she had with you. OK?
OK.
All right Jessie.
Maybe maybe I can get transferred to her and I can talk to her when we're done.
Sure. That would be no problem.
and it looks like the most recent transaction you had was it looks like there is an investment on a WWW dot I stock market dot com. It looks like it was for five thousand five hundred dollars and thirty cents.
Mhm. I I woul~
Yeah yeah that's right that's right. It's not doing good. It's not It's it's. You know the market sucks right now.
It sucks and it really makes me mad because I need I need to make some money on this stuff and it ain't happening.
They they they get this lame duck president and the whole market goes to crap.
I I I ain't happy. and then and then I got to deal with people like Rudy.
I understand.
I understand sir. And, you said you wanted the second to last transaction as well Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
One second here. And it looks like there is a purchase on WWW dot N oh I'm sorry One moment sir.
WWW dot M L B dot com slash Yankees.
And, it looks like the amount was for three hundred fifty dollars and twenty cents.
Oh.
OK yeah. Yeah them them them are for tickets. Yeah. I guess I guess she did listen to me.
That was what she was supposed to do. She's supposed to make sure that that went through cuz it was it was trying to block my account saying that I'm using a stolen card. Man I ain't never stole nothing in my life.
That was my card. That was my ticket. That was my money. And, I wasn't happy. I was mad when I called cuz they was trying to tell me I stole it.
And, I didn't.
And, she was trying. She was pretty rude to me. I guess that's what you do. You know your name is Rudy you're gonna be rude. And, so I didn't think she was really listening to me. But I I appreciate that.
Sure. And, Jessie are there any other account's you'd like to check?
No. No. I'm good.
I just want to make sure people doing their job. That's all.
All right.
And, did you want to dispute those charges or are those OK?
No no. Those are OK.
All right.
I want to dispute the stock market though. I don't I don't think this is the right number for that.
And, Jessie just so you know we do have an app as well and an online banking service.
would you like the information for that as well so you don't have to call anymore?
No. I like calling you guys.
Sure. No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Not today.
All right Jessie.
Thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Again, my name is Sam and thank you so much for calling us today. I hope you enjoy the rest of your week. OK?
All right. Thanks Sam. Tell Rudy I said I'm sorry.
All right I will.
Or Rose. I'm sorry. It's not Rudy.
Sure.
All right Jessie you take care OK? Thank you so much.
You too.
Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter, how may I help you?
Hi Peter. This is Beatrice.
Hi Beatrice. How may I help you today?
I need to Can you please help me about transferring some money between my bank accounts?
Sure.
Beatrice what is your last name?
Bishop.
OK. Beatrice Bishop.
And your date of birth?
February twentieth nineteen eight five.
OK. All right.
And for security purposes the last four of your social security number?
seven four four one.
Seven four four one. OK. I have you right here.
And my mother's maiden name is Summer.
And my street address it thirty four fifty three Summer Hill Drive Stowe, Vermont. Seven. Seven four one one one.
Oh.
All right. Thank you for.
All right. Thank you for verifying all that information for me.
I appreciate it.
OK so how may I help you here?
Well I was my way driving to the local branch but then I figured it's probably easier to just call.
and maybe you can just do that for me instead of me driving there.
OK.
So I'm sorry. What what am I assisting you with?
Well I'm at my moms house and I know you. There's a close branch here maybe that will be easier.
You with?
Where are you located?
I am oh at four fifty one Main Street in Stowe, Vermont.
Well that's too far. OK. No.
Let's Can you just please help me transfer some money please?
Sure. What would you like to transfer? How much would you like to transfer?
just three hundred dollars.
OK. And three hundred dollars from where to where?
from my saving to my checking account.
OK.
So and your savings account is two nine four four? The last four digits?
No.
Idea.
No idea? OK.
All right. It's looking like your. Your savings account is the last four digits is two nine four four and that's going into your checking account of two nine four three?
And you're looking for three hundred dollars to be transferred?
yes.
OK.
All right. So I'm initiating that transfer.
How soon am I gonna have the money?
and it looks like you have three hundred additional dollars now in your in your checking account.
OK. But how soon can I have them to pull them out?
You can.
Withdraw.
The money right now.
Oh. OK. Well now I'm gonna need your help. where's your you said where. Is there a So here it is.
What what is your address and I can tell you where our closest ATM or and or branch is.
I am.
OK.
There you go. I. I am I'm at six sixty-seven Golden Golden Road.
I'm sorry six seven sixty seven? Golden Ro~
Si~
Six seven zero Golden Road.
Six.
Seven zero Golden Road. OK.
All right I'm plugging that into the computer.
All right. It looks like there is an ATM in the Seven-Eleven which is at four thirty golden road?
And that's fairly close to you.
Yep. OK.
And there is a Seven-Eleven there that you could access. Use the ATM to access your money.
and then we do have a branch little bit further away. It's at the corner of Golden and Main Street.
OK.
And we have a branch and an ATM there also.
And those are open twenty-four seven?
The ATM at Seven-Eleven is open twenty-four seven. And the ATM at the branch at Golden and Main Street is open twenty-four hours a day. The branch is not. The branch is open from eight until four Monday through Friday.
OK. all right.
Is there anything that I can assist you with?
No that was very helpful. That was quick. Thank you.
All right.
Sure.
All right. Thank you very much and thanks for calling Intellibank. Let us know if we can assist you any further.
Thanks, Peter.
All right. Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. What can I do for you today?
Hello. How's your day going?
It's going well thank you. I hope yours is too.
Mine sure is.
Great. How can I help you today?
I'm trying to find a ATM near me.
Sure I can help with that. can I have your street address?
let's see. Hold on one second.
OK sorry about that. It's
No worries. may I have the city?
Charlotte.
And the state.
North Carolina. and actually the street should be Diliar Court not Drive. I always forget that.
Oh that's OK. Let me change that real quick. So it looks like the closet ATM to you is located at There's also another one just a few miles further away at and just so you know the daily withdraw limit for all Intellibank ATMs is one thousand dollars.
Oh OK. Thanks I didn't even I didn't even know that. Is there a way to find a ATM locations online?
Yes, absolutely. just go to our site and at the top right corner of the homepage click on Locate nearest ATM.
Oh awesome. Thanks so much.
You're welcome. Is there anymore else I can do for you?
No, that was it.
OK, thanks again for calling Intellibank.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
yes I'm a customer with you guys and I have I have multiple accounts but I'm calling to dispute a charge on my credit card. can someone help me over the phone with that?
Absolutely! I'm gonna need to collect a couple pieces of information just so I can verify who I'm speaking with and also look inside of your accounts. So first can I have your first and last name?
yes my name is Sarah Dunning. I live at forty-five forty-two Cherry Street. C H E R R Y Street. what else do you need from me?
actually I I only needed your first and last name. I didn't need your address but I am gonna need your date of birth.
OK, my date of birth is oh eight oh seven nineteen eighty.
OK, I'm also gonna need your driver's license number.
OK, that is two one two oh six oh seven one three.
OK wonderful. OK I have all of your accounts in front of me and I remember you said you were disputing a charge on your credit card. since you're a gold member with our credit card we have one extra security measure in place where I'm gonna have to ask you for your mother's maiden name.
OK, it is Martin. M A R T I N.
OK, wonderful. Thank you. Let me open up that account.
OK now that you have every single piece of my information let me think. the the account. The so the credit card account I have I'm disputing a charge.
OK yes I have it open now. Which charge are you disputing?
OK so on June twentieth I have on June twentieth I was charged twice is is really what happened. I was charged fourteen ninety-nine twice by a company called Robux. I did want one of the charges. I did authorize one of the charges but that company has charged me twice for the same exact thing. So I need to get that disputed and deleted.
OK, let me look at your account here. Just give me a second. I'm gonna find the charges that you're speaking of.
OK, that's fine. I'm in no rush. I I'm on my lunch break and it is a beautiful day outside. I can't tell you. I don't know where you're at but here it is like sunny and seventy-five.
That's wonderful. Unfortunately where I'm at it's cloudy and rainy. not the greatest day to be outside but luckily I'm not outside.
Oh man I'm sorry to hear that cuz it is beautiful here.
OK Mrs. Dunning, I have your account up. I am looking at those charges. I see exactly what you're talking about and thankfully on your credit card you are a gold member so you have a special security and fraud protection plan in place to where I can flag that second charge and have it investigated, looked into. They're just gonna verify that everything that you said it makes sense. They'll probably contact the company and it will be deleted. Now it probably will take up to fourteen business days but within that time that second transaction's gonna be frozen. You're not gonna be charged for it, you're not gonna be responsible for it. You will just see it for the next fourteen days. And then after that it will just disappear. So let me go ahead and take care of that. Let me make notes on your account. Let me flag it.
OK so, this . You're you're gonna go ahead and take care of that. So this protection plan do I do I get charged for that? Like is that something I pay for or is that am I. How does that work, like do I need to upgrade it? Because I I really don't want things like this happening where I get charged for things that I shouldn't.
Actually ma'am it's part of this credit card that you have. It's just a an added feature. It doesn't cost any extra. it's just an added bonus for when things like this happen. You don't there there's no way to upgrade to a better version unless you were to get a totally different credit card but this this is included in this package.
Oh OK well I guess I won't be. I won't mess around with that today. It sounds like what I have in place is is pretty pretty good. It's working, it's taken care of me today, and I really don't feel like getting a new credit card if there's one with better security. I feel like that's just kinda gonna be a hassle so I'll just stick with the credit card I have for now and and it seems like the protection plan I have is pretty good.
yes ma'am this this plan's very good and the credit card that you have it's already in place, it's already set up, so I wouldn't see any reason to change it unless you unless you wanted to and we do have multiple cards that you could look into and I could I could explain them to you and see if you would be interested in making a change.
actually no, like I said I'm on my lunch break and I would like to enjoy some of this day so if we could just get that dispute taken care of I think I'll just I think I'll just have that be my only issue today.
OK ma'am, I have made notes on your account and I have also flagged that one charge. You you won't have anything you won't have to do anything from here on out. It should be totally resolved in the next fourteen days. You'll see it but it won't be something you'll be responsible for and then after fourteen days it should just disappear. You also get a follow up email or alert if you do online banking of what happened and when this all takes place so, you'll know everything that's happening. You won't have to wonder about it. Is there anything else anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is John. How can I help you?
Well, John. I've been looking over my statements and there's something that's not right. And I was wondering if you could help me find out what's wrong with the statement.
Sure, that shouldn't be a problem. can I get your first name?
It's Lisa.
OK. And last name?
It's Jettsman O-Acord.
Is that with a hyphen?
Yes, it is.
OK, thank you. And how do you spell the last part?
O comma A C O R D.
OK.
And do you have the account number that you're looking to?
My account is eight zero two, seven four, nine one one.
OK. Eight zero two, seven four nine one one. OK. I got that. And just for verification, can I get your date of birth?
My date of birth? just a moment. oh, that's right. My birthday. I'm sorry. it's been a rough day and I it's this thing just has me worked up. It is zero one, fourteen fifty-nine.
OK, thank you.
OK, one more security question. what street did you grow up on?
Oh, dear now you're making me think. You know, if I remember it correctly, it was on. Oh, hell. See, I told you this has me all worked up. I don't know what ugh Gosh. It's five thirteen Sundown Avenue.
That's. That's not a problem.
Take your time.
OK, Sundown. OK, that works. OK. Now, what you said there was a transaction you were concerned about?
first, could you give me my balance perhaps? Maybe I can figure it out that way.
OK, it looks like you've got two thousand six hundred forty-three dollars and twenty-eight cents.
OK. Oh, man. I'm not sure where that is actually what the problem is. could you give me the last date of my transaction and the dollar amount?
It looks it would've been forty-seven dollars eighty-three cents on September twenty-sixth.
Hmm that doesn't ring any bells. OK.
What day was it again, please?
The twenty-sixth of September.
Oh, that's right. That was my sister's birthday. It was such an awesome day. Man, that might be where I forgot. Do you think margaritas by any chance?
Actually, no I don't.
Oh I think that's where my mistake was. You know what, I thank you so much for that. I'm glad that that kind of jogs the memory. What's. Can you tell me what the the one before that was?
That was on the twenty-fifth for thirty-seven dollars sixty-two cents.
OK. Yep, that makes sense. Great. I really appreciate you doing this for me. Now I can remember what it was. I did have one more question though. I'm going out of town, and I was wondering if I can give you like the city I'm going to that way my credit card doesn't get frozen. I'm gonna be travelling to Michigan. So if you could just put that some place if you can, that way when you sees things going in Michigan, I won't get that.
I can I can definitely add that into the notes here.
That'll be great.
And how long will that travel be?
I'm leaving on the first and I'm gonna be up there probably at least two weeks.
OK, I'll put that in. And that way it shouldn't flag anything as you're traveling.
OK. I think that would be it for today. I really appreciate your help.
Any other information or services I can help you with.
Not today. Not that I'm aware of.
OK. Well, I'm glad I could help you out today, and feel free to give us a call at any time.
OK, thank you so much.
Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. This is Steven. How can I help you?
yes, I need to make a wire transfer.
All right. I can certainly help you with that. Can I get your first and last name, please?
Dan Thomas T H O M A S.
All right. Thank you Mr. Thomas. And your date of birth, please.
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And can I get the account number and the last four of your social?
The. Hang on just a second while I I grab my account number.
Absolutely. Take your time, Mr. Thomas.
OK. I've got my account number. Seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine. And my last four of my social security number is eight zero one one.
All right. Thank you for that. And then just the security question to verify your identity. what is your mother's maiden name?
Green G R E E N.
All right. Thank you Mr. Thomas. I've got your account verified and pulled up in front of me. And you were wanting to make a wire transfer. Is that correct?
That is correct. can you tell me how soon that money will be transferred and if there is there a fee associated with it?
Absolutely. our wire transfers will complete within forty-eight hours.
And there is a one percent fee charged on the the amount transferred.
OK. That sounds good.
How's the weather doing where you're at.
weather's doing pretty good here. It's it's really sunny today but not too hot, which is nice.
That's good.
It's been raining a little bit here on and off but not too bad.
Well, that's that's good.
if you can go ahead and provide me with the account number of the account that you'll be sending the money from.
OK, the account number is six two five two seven five four five seven eight.
Unnecessary background. And the routing number for that account is nine one eight eight one nine seven three nine.
And
And I need some money transferred to my daughter to pay her bills.
All right. Absolutely. Thank you for that information.
and can I get
I'm assuming this is going to be a a domestic wire transfer. Is that correct.
That's correct.
All right. And can I get the bank account number that you'll be depositing into?
the bank account number is nine one five nine four five oh six five zero.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I've got that information put in here. And how much were you wishing to transfer today?
five hundred dollars.
All right. I can certainly do that. five hundred dollars and zero cents will be transferred from your checking account into the account that you provided me with. Is that correct?
That is correct. And and this is my intel bank checking account that it's gonna come out of. Right?
do believe you meant the Intellibank checking account. But yes, that is correct.
Yes. Yes. Intellibank. That that's correct. That's that's what I meant.
All right. Let me just go ahead and verify those numbers.
All right. The last four of the routing number is nine seven three nine. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. And the last four for the account number that we're depositing into that's seven five one four. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. I've got that verified and setup for you. So I'll go ahead and make that transfer and the money should show up in your daughter's account within forty-eight hours.
OK. I do appreciate it.
All right. And then just to remind you there will be a one percent fee on that five hundred dollars.
OK.
All right, sir.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
I don't think so. You've been a great big help.
All right. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Thomas. And I do appreciate you calling us today.
There will be a brief survey after we hang up here if you don't mind sticking around to fill that out. Let us know how we did and how we can help you better in the future.
OK. You have a good day as well.
You too. Goodbye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. how are you doing today?
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. How are you?
I'm doing great. not too bad for a Monday. You know.
Is it Monday? I hadn't even noticed.
Yeah.
Yep. Unfortunately. I'm sorry Tuesday. Listen to me. I'm I'm completely giving you the wrong day of the week.
Yep.
I know.
It's interesting because I literally was like yeah it's the Mondayest Monday ever, and it's totally Tuesday.
Yeah, it's
Definitely Tuesday.
It's hilarious.
Oh goodness. Thank you so much for making me laugh because it definitely is extra Monday over here in my office.
Oh my goodness.
You are so welcome. I after all that I am calling to I actually want to transfer my balance from my savings into my checking. and like I would like to close my checking account.
OK.
Certainly. I can.
I wanna . I want to transfer my balance from my savings to checking and close my savings account.
That's what I meant.
OK. OK awesome. I can so. I can totally help you with that. Bare with me just a moment and move my screen really quickly. I just have to ask you a few questions so that we can get into your savings account.
Sure.
OK.
OK.
I know you said your first name is Kim. That's Kim, not Kimberly, correct?
Correct, yes.
All
Right. And, what is your last name?
My last name is Johns. That's J O H N S.
OK. Thank you so much Miss Johns.
And let's see here.
I would need your savings account number.
OK. Let me see here. My savings account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much. And, your security question what is your mother's maiden name?
That's Murphy.
Thank you.
And, I need the deposit account number. Your checking.
OK.
And, my the checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine three.
Alright.
Oh I'm sorry it it is. I think I read the number wrong. The last four digits are zero five nine five.
So the whole number again is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Sorry about that.
That's OK. I was going to ask you. Oh, I was like wait this this is someone else's account. Alright.
I was all over the place.
Oh my goodness.
No worries. No worries at all. I did want to advise you of the account balance for both accounts.
in your savings account you've got two thousand five hundred dollars and twenty-two cents. And, in your checking account you have five thousand dollars and zero cents. Just five thousand even.
OK.
And, bare with me. Let's see here OK. So I'm going to go ahead and transfer over the savings account balance to your checking now. Bare with me just a few moments.
Sure.
OK Kim. I have completed that transaction and I am sending you a confirmation of that right now to your email. it should be there in about thirty seconds, and if you could do me a favor and check that. To make sure that confirmation came through.
yes. I just saw it come through on the top of my phone.
Fantastic.
now we are going to close this account and bare with me just a few moments.
Sure.
And, just some information here. And, I'm going to send you another confirmation of the account being closed. OK?
Perfect.
OK Kim. That's closed now and I sent that confirmation. If you could check your email for me and just make sure that we've got that complete.
OK. Let me see here.
Hold one. Let me hit refresh.
OK perfect. I have that email as well.
Fantastic.
are there any other banking products that you could use some information on for the future?
I don't think so. Not today. You've been ultra helpful. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
You are very welcome. And, as a part of the Intellibank we'd like to thank you for your loyalty and your business.
And, I hope you have a wonderful rest of your Tuesday, Kim.
Thank you so much hon. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you?
yes. I need to, to I, I need my septic tank pumped out. And I need to know if I've got enough money.
Absolutely sir. Do you have a checking or savings account with us?
I've got a Intel checking account.
Did you mean an Intellibank checking account, sir?
Yes. Intellibank. That's correct.
All right. I can help you look up the account balance on that today. Can I get your first and last name?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And my birthday is May twelfth, nineteen sixty.
All right. Thank you for that sir. And can I have the account number for your checking account, please?
OK. Just one second. Let me go see if I can find it.
Not a problem sir. Take your time.
OK. I've got it.
All right sir. Whenever you're ready. Just go ahead and read that number off for me.
It is seven three zero. Six nine five. Six eight two nine.
All right. Just to verify that, seven three zero. Six nine five. Six eight two nine. Correct?
That is correct.
All right. Thank you very much, Mr. Thomas. And can I have you verify the answer to this security question? What was your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
All right. Thank you very much sir. I've got that account pulled up. And you just wanted to know the available balance today?
Yes. I've got to have my septic tank pumped out. It's all plugged up. And it's, it's overflowing. And, and it's making a big mess. Do you ever have problem with your septic tank?
I can't say that I have sir. I, I don't believe that I've ever had a septic tank actually. I've only ever lived in the city.
Oh so you're on a sewer.
yes. I believe that would be one of them.
That's. That's the way to
Go. But we're out in the country, and we don't have the sewer available. So what we have is a septic tank. And we have to have it pumped up out every four or five years. Wife, she, she plugs it up with bunch of toilet paper. I guess.
Yeah. Well, I can't imagine that'll be very fun, sir.
No. It's not. Make's a big mess.
I, I can certainly see that happening. All right. Well the balance in your checking account, as of today, is three hundred and ninety six dollars, and twelve cents.
Can you repeat that?
Three hundred and ninety six dollars, and twelve cents, sir.
OK. I'm sorry. I didn't understand the first time.
Not a problem. All right sir. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
can't think of anything.
All right. Would you like for me to help set you up with online banking? So that you can check your account balance at your leisure?
yes. Let's, let's, let's do that if you can.
All right sir. Let me just verify some information real quick. Is your email address still D Thomas at A B C dot com?
Yes it is.
All right. And would you like any information, related to your online banking, to be sent to that email address?
yeah you can send all correspondence to that email address.
All right. I can go ahead and check that box for you. OK. And if you're ready, I've got a username and a temporary password for you.
OK. Just one second. Let me grab something to write with.
All right.
OK. I'm ready.
All right sir. Your username is going to be D Thomas T H O M A S. And then the numbers zero zero two.
OK.
All right. And then your temporary password will be capital E. One. L G five capital W.
OK. I've got that written down.
All right sir. And then just the first time that you log in, if you'll enter that temporary password, it will prompt you to create your own password.
All right. And I just go to the your main website. And there'll be a link? There?
yes sir. When you go to the Intellibank dot com main home page, there will be a location for you to enter the information. And it will put you through to the online banking services.
OK. Sounds great.
All right sir. Well is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't believe so.
All right. Well we do appreciate you for being a loyal Intellibank customer. And if there's nothing else I can help with, then I will let you have a wonderful rest of your day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you sir.
Good morning and thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
yes, I'm calling about a memo I received in the mail about a account I have with your bank that I haven't used in a very long time. And they're telling me that if I don't use it or if it stays inactive I'm gonna be charged some fees. Can you help me with that?
absolutely. what account are you referencing?
it's it's account. It's a savings account. It's four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
OK. Just give me one second to pull up this account on my computer. hang with me for one second, please.
sure, no problem. I'm actually on a long break right now so I have. I'm in no rush. How's your day going?
thank you for asking. It's going pretty good so far. We haven't gotten busy yet so, I have plenty of time as well. One second, let me look through here. OK. Looks like we found the account. before we proceed, can I have a few more pieces of information just to verify you are the account holder. what is your full name, please?
my name is Sara, S A R A. Dunning, D U N N I N G.
OK. Mrs. Dunning or Ms. Dunning, may I please have your date of birth?
Yes it's oh eight oh seven nineteen eighty.
OK. And just one more final piece of information. may I please have your Driver's License number?
hold on a second. Let me look in my purse. You know what, I'm not sure if I have my Driver's License number on me, because I don't think I have my Driver's License with me right now. I can't find it. I don't know if I left it at home. shoot! I don't have it.
OK. That's no problem. Let me look here. it looks like on your account, you have a few safety measures in place. let me see. You have some security questions. I see two on here for you. you wanna go ahead and do it like that?
yeah cuz I don't have my Driver's License. So, I'm not gonna be able to find that number. So, go ahead and what are the questions? Let me see if I remember them.
OK. The first one is, what is your mother's maiden name?
OK. I know that one. Martin. M A R T I N.
OK, great. The next one is, what was the name of your first pet?
OK. Whew! I know that one, too. it was Hazel. H A Z E L.
OK. Wonderful Mrs. Dunning. that that was the correct answer so, now I'm into your account. I see the account you're talking about. It has been inactive for a very long time. the policy is if it stays inactive for this long, you you do get charged these fees. It's just how it is. So, if you're not using it, would you just wanna go ahead and and close it out? Or you could start using it and that would negate the fees in the future.
Well I already have another account that I use on a regular basis, and this one I just opened up, I don't even know why, a long time ago. And I don't even use it, so I think I'm just gonna go ahead and close it. And how much money do I have in that account? The inactive one.
OK. It looks like in that account you have, one second, you have forty-two dollars.
OK. Can we close that account and just transfer the money over to my active account?
Absolutely. just so we're clear, can you please provide me the name, or the account number for the account that you wanna transfer the money over to?
Mm. Yes. Just a second, I have that in my purse, for sure. give me one second. OK. It's the account that I use that I wanna transfer the money to is zero seven seven six eight two five.
OK, perfect. That is the account number to the one that you have the most activity to.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Tameka. How can I help you today?
Yes. Hi there. I would like to see if I can get another card.
All right, sir. So you need new card for your account?
yes.
.
Did you lose or was your card stolen?
I believe I misplaced it.
OK, sir. So you're gonna need to close that, deactivate that card and we'll have to send you out a new one. Is that all right with you?
Lost.
Yes.
OK, so in order to complete this transaction, I need to get a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
Can I get your first and last name, please?
yes. Willie Moore.
All right, sir. Is that W I L L Y or I E?
I E.
All right.
And is that Moore, M O O R E?
Yes.
All right, sir. Could I get your date of birth, please?
Yes, first third, nineteen seventy-four.
OK. January third, nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
All right, sir. Could you gimme your driver's license number, please?
yes. Five one nine five two four nine six nine.
That's five one nine five two four nine six nine.
Correct.
All right. OK, and for security purposes, could I get the last four digits of your social security number?
Yes, five four three two.
All right, five four three two. All right, sir. I'm going to need your credit card number.
OK, . Can you wait, please?
yes, sir.
All right, find it. OK, I got it.
All right.
It's five four seven eight four one eight five zero zero one zero zero nine one eight.
All right, sir. Let me read that number back to you. It's five four seven eight four one eight five zero zero one zero oh nine one eight.
Yes.
All right, sir. And you say you wanna report this card lost or stolen?
Lost.
OK, do you know the date? when's the date do you remember last using this card?
I believe it was nine twenty-seven.
OK, around the twenty-seventh of this, of last month?
Yes.
OK. do you remember where you may have lost this card, the last transaction area?
yes, I was at the gas station and I used my card at the pump.
OK, and do you remember the name of this gas station?
yeah, it was called Citgo.
OK. cash station, Citco. OK, sir. I'm going to go ahead and process this card as lost, which means you're going to deactivate this card and have to send you out a new one. Once we send you out a brand new one, sir, it's gonna take at least ten business days to arrive in the mail. I apologize, sir, but it does take a little bit to get that card out.
Oh.
once you get the card out, there'll be activation information inside. Essentially, you'll have to contact the number on the back and set up a new PIN, and do everything you did to activate the first card.
OK.
OK. Is that that OK, sir?
It's a lot, but yes.
OK. I apologize for that but That's just for security to make sure that if anything's going on with this card that you'll, won't nothing hit your funds. OK, sir. In order to send this out, I need to confirm your address on file. We have on file here five one six Melberne Street. M E L B E R N E.
Yes, yes that's it.
OK. And that's in Bloomington, Illinois?
Yes.
And we have the ZIP code as six one seven zero one.
Yes, correct.
All right.
So again, sir, that card is gonna be in the mail. We've already deactivated the card that was lost. That one's going to be in the mail probably within the next day or two, once I go ahead and process this. And like I said, it'll be about ten business days before you get it. So sometime around the fifteenth of this month you should be getting that card in.
OK.
So.
Keep a eye out on that mail.
That sound like a deal.
All right. will that be all for you today, sir?
yes. Thank you.
OK, thank you so much, Mr. Moore, for your time and patience. Again, my name is Tameka. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
You, too.
Good afternoon, this is Rose in Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim and I need some help with you. I am actually out of town. And I need to find a local branch near me.
OK. Awesome. I can totally help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions. where where are you looking for a location?
Sure.
I'm looking for a location in Saint Augustine Florida.
OK, and the address that you need me to get a branch close to you or find a closer branch.
I am not sure of the let me see, I'm not sure of the like ZIP code around here. I was hoping that. I've been having trouble with getting a single on my phone so I was hoping you would be able to help me find a branch in Saint Augustine.
OK. I can do that. Bare with me just a moment.
OK. Thank you.
You're very welcome.
OK. It looks like we have let's see. It looks like we have several locations. There's three. and I'll give you the address to each one and you just tell me which one seems to be closet to where you are.
Oh, awesome.
OK. go ahead I you can give me the address to a a couple of them. I got a pen and paper. I'll write them down. I'm not sure what's closest cuz I'm not really familiar with the area, but I'll just take them down and put them in my phone. on delay Google Maps or whatever and see whatever's closest.
Mhm.
OK. Sure. All right. So it looks like there's one that's at one zero one zero South Ponce de Leon, Boulevard.
OK.
And then we have another one at one one six San Marco Avenue.
San Marco. I see it. OK.
And it looks like.
It's within the Double Tree by Hilton Hotel.
Oh OK, I actually do know where that is miraculously I've been to that location so, that that's one I'm familiar with. That's good.
Awesome.
OK. And then we have another one at seven nine zero North Ponce de Leon Boulevard.
OK.
What? A lot of them are on Ponce de Leon.
Yeah. I guess.
and.
I need to find out where that is. That must be the. Where all the main attraction and all the stuff is.
yes ma'am, that's a cool town. I really like Saint .
Oh you've been here before? That's great.
Yeah, I've vacationed there a couple of times and I absolutely adore it. I I would definitely live there I love it so much.
Yeah, it is absolutely beautiful. I love the the feeling of it. even with tourists you know and and you know tourists like myself in town and it being busy it's still such a quaint little town and such a cool little beach vibe. I really enjoy it there.
Mhm.
Did you know that it's on a ley-line?
No. I didn't.
Yes, yes. It's on a ley-line and.
I you know. People like myself who study those things, I feel like are really in tune to the way that feels, you know. When you go to some places they feel more vacationy. I think that definitely attributes to the the really cool coastal feeling there. It's very calm and peaceful. I live in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and it doesn't feel like that here. Not to say that it doesn't feel good but it isn't that type of feeling. It's very specific. Yeah, the energy's really nice. I definitely enjoy vacationing there. I've been looking at some real estate there actually. So it's so cool that you called to enquire about our branches there.
Yes.
Yeah. I agree.
Oh, I see.
Oh, yeah. Absolutely love it down here.
was there anything else that I could help you with?
no, I think that's everything. Like I said, I I would have generally gone on line you know to your to your information, you know to find a branch online. Oh you know what I did want to ask you the hours for these locations. could you tell me what the hours are for each please?
Certainly.
OK. Bear with me just one moment.
I imagine they're probably much the.
Same but I just wanted to check.
Yes, the first one that I was telling you about at hold on let me go to it. the first one at ten ten South Ponce de Leon Boulevard that one is the hours are nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then it looks like on Saturday it's open until twelve p.m. Opening at at nine a.m. and and closing at twelve.
OK.
Then the one that's on San Marco Avenue, one sixteen San Marco Avenue that one is twenty-four hours. That's a twenty-four hour location.
Oh great. OK.
mhm and then the next one is the same. Nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And then Saturday, nine a.m. to twelve p.m.
OK. Great. Awesome. Thank you so much for your information. I really appreciate your help today.
Yeah.
You are so very welcome. Was there anything else that I could help you with?
no, that took care of everything. Thanks again.
You're very welcome and as a part of Intellibank we want to thank you for your loyalty and we appreciate your business. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your vacation Kim.
Thanks, you you too hun.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. You've reached Robert. How can I help you today?
Hi, Robert. My name is Sarah Thomas. I'm calling because I had some problems recently. My account was closed because of fraudulent actions. I don't know, but I need to open a new one.
OK. That that shouldn't be a problem I could suggest that you go to a nearby branch if you're OK with that.
Yeah. That sounds good.
OK, let me ask you for your current street address.
Yeah, just give me a second, because I'm not at my house right now. I just I check it and I will tell you.
OK, no problem. I'll wait.
OK, the street address is five four five four White Vine Drive and the city is Houston, Texas.
OK, fantastic. Lemme just go ahead and look up that, for you. It looks like you you're not too close to any branches right now. We do have our closest branch being out in Dallas, Texas. I'm not sure you're prepared to to go that far or if you'd like I could consider other options that could be useful to you.
Yeah, maybe the the other options because that seems like too far away for me.
OK if you would like to go on to your our online banking service. Maybe there you could find some information. you could also I could try to escalate your call to to someone in the fraudulent department that might know something more about what happened. but if you'd like personalized service, especially if you're looking to open a new account I would suggest making the travel down to Dallas, Texas, so that you can find the local branch. If you'd like I could give you the address there.
Yeah, you know what? Just give me the number and give me the address, in case I decide to go.
OK we have our closest branch being at three four five eight Sunrise Drive and that's in Dallas, Texas. It looks like that's going to take you about forty minutes by car to get there and the opening hours for that are at eight and closing hours are at five p.m.. So they're also closed on the weekends, so you may have to wait until tomorrow to go.
OK, well, that's very helpful. and I will do that. Thank you.
Well I'm glad to be of service. Is there anything else I can help you with while I'm here on the line with you?
No, I think that will be everything for today. You were very helpful.
Alright, well thank you for calling Intellibank, once again. and I I'm here to help you if any more need arises. My name is Robert and I hope you have a great day.
You too, bye.
Thank you, bye.
Good afternoon. This is Rose at Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I am calling back I called last week to to try to do this and was put on hold for some time. So I I'm calling back to try to close my account, please.
OK, Kim. I can certainly help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions and get some more information from you But how. How's your day today?
It's going OK so far. Thank you.
Awesome.
Oh, you're welcome. All right, now I've got your first name as Kim. And can you spell your last name for me, please?
Sure, it's Johns. J O H N S.
All right, Ms. Johns, I do see where you called in before. We have a a tally of numbers and I can see that you were on hold for a really long time. I'd like to apologize on the behalf of the bank for that. We've been very busy lately. So I'm sorry that you are having to call about this again. Also, can I get your date of birth, please?
Sure, that's four, twenty-four, seventy-seven.
All right and may I please have the account number that you're calling about today?
yeah. My account number is one, one, two one, zero, zero zero, five, nine, five.
Thank you so much and this is indeed the account that you want to close, right?
Yes, this is my checking account.
OK and can you please give me your mother's maiden name?
Sure, it's Davies.
All right, thank you so much. And the reason that you would like to close the account?
I have My company has actually contracted with a bank. They actually have opened an a branch in our building. and so we are we getting better rates through them. It's not just zero checking and all of that. There's better rates for loans for my company's employees. So that's why I'm switching to the bank they're contracting with.
OK. All right. I understand completely. And As far as the deposit account type would that be checking or savings?
it's checking, yes.
OK, and can I please have the deposit account routing number?
Sure, the routing number is one, one, five, one, zero, zero zero, seven, zero, seven.
Thank you so much. And may I please have the account number for the deposit?
Absolutely the account number is seven seven nine nine eight zero two, one, one, one.
All right. And, thank you for that information. I would like to confirm the residual balance. And also let you know what the details of the account that you're actually going to be transferring this money over to. So, you're residual balance in that account is two thousand dollars, three hundred and seventy-one cents. OK. The transaction is happening right now and your bank account will close. The closure will will be finalized by the end of business on Friday.
OK.
OK. is there any further information that you would like about any new accounts that we have. We do have a new savings account that has some really nice perks. would you be interested in hearing information about that today?
No, thank you. But you said the it will be closed on Friday? And how will I get a receipt or a notification for that?
well, the email that we have on file. Could you please tell me I just want to make sure we have the right one.
Sure, that's my first initial, last name. K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
All right, awesome. and bear with me just one moment. I just want to make sure that I have the right information about that closure date. Just one moment.
Sure, absolutely.
Thank you.
Have you all been getting any crazy weather up there?
Oh my goodness. It's been insane. It's hot and then rainy. Then it's hot again, then we're, it's rainy. I'm over it. I just I'm ready for fall and for things to cool down. I'm so tired of coming out first thing in the morning and sweating before I even get to work. It's. It's very irritating.
Ugh, me too.
Yeah, fall time is definitely my favorite time of year as well. I love those those hoodies and the campfires. That's. That's that good stuff.
Oh, yes, I love a good fire. I live at the beach so I don't know if we'll be wearing any hoodies anytime soon but I do love a nice cooler evening than what we've been having and definitely around a bonfire. That sounds so fun.
Oh very nice, the beach sounds great.
Yes, it is.
oh I was able to confirm that the receipt of your account closure will be sent to the email that we have on file. however, you are welcome to give us a call on Friday if you want just a vocal confirmation of the closure as well.
OK. Well, I think I'll look for the email receipt and if I don't see it by maybe Monday or something, I'll go ahead and give you guys a call.
OK, all right, awesome. And was there anything else I could help you with?
no. Not today. Thank you so much.
Oh you are very welcome, Ms. Johns. we value your loyalty at this bank and I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your day. And thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Thanks again. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. This is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hello. I'm looking to open an account and report a stolen card.
OK. I would like to help you with that. So to open up the account, I would like to ask you for some basic information.
Can I have your first and last name?
Yes. Roshonda Jackson.
And can you spell Roshonda for me ma'am?
R O S H O N D A.
And is Jackson spelled. J A C K S O N?
Yes, sir.
Thank you so much, ma'am.
Can I have your date of birth?
June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Thank you and can I have your nine-digit social security number, ma'am?
Yes. It would be six six eight four nine zero zero five three.
And that is zero zero five three?
Yes, sir, for the last four digits.
Thank you so much, ma'am. OK ma'am, do you know what type of account do you want to open up here at here at Intellibank?
I'm I'm not sure if I wanted checking or saving. Can you go more into detail about what to do?
Absolutely, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. So with the checking account we ask for twenty-five dollar minimum deposit.
And you are allowed to withdraw daily from the account.
You're also allowed to to overdraw with a minimum of twenty-five dollars and you will have to pay that fee off if you overdraw within three days. and if you do not, we will charge we will charge you for your negative withdrawal plus a twenty twenty dollar late fee.
and we do have a three percent interest rate to have a checking account with us, it just cost five dollars monthly and we have an interest rate of two percent.
Now, with our savings account, the good thing is we have no interest rate you will not be charge charged monthly at all with the savings account but we do ask for a fifty dollar minimum deposit.
OK.
Give me a savings account.
OK. OK.
OK. Now, I'm gonna ask you a security question that you would like to have for this account so I can verify you when in the future.
I can I have I can ask you well basically there are security questions ranging from your first pet to the street you that grew up on to your maiden's name to your favorite restaurant that you like to eat at and so those are like the top four that we usually give our customers.
I'll pick the street name.
OK. Let me just put that in real quick.
OK and can I have the answer for that ma'am?
Claudia Drive.
OK.
Thank you and Claudia spells C L A U D I A?
Yes, sir.
Thank you so much. I am setting up your savings account. As we speak, it's going through our system.
All right. That's nice.
How's your day going?
My day is going good. How's yours?
My day is not too bad.
OK. OK, ma'am. And your savings account has pulled up. So your savings account right now is it is it is up and is available. however, you. It won't be active until you put in that hundred dollars.
So you would have to give us that that excuse me, not hundred dollars ma'am. I'm so sorry about that. That fifty dollars. I was looking at some other papers. The fifty dollars. So when you put in the fifty dollars ma'am you can always send us a check through the mail or you can always come up here to our branch and you can put that in put that in in your savings account will be active when you can put that in immediately.
Oh. OK.
Yes.
So is there anything else I can help you with?
I wanna report my card.
OK. OK. I can most definitely help you with that. I'm so sorry that your card was stolen
I wanna ask you just some information to to verify who you are. Can I have your first and last name again?
Roshonda Jackson.
Thank you so much.
Roshonda is of course spelled R O S H O N D A.
Yes, sir.
And Jackson is spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes.
Thank you.
Can I also have your date of birth?
June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Thank you so much. Can I have either your state ID or the last four digits of your social?
My last four social is zero zero five three.
Thank you.
And the security question that you have for this account ma'am was what was your pet's first. What was your first pet's name?
Lady.
Thank you. OK, ma'am. What was the date that you lost this card?
September twenty-third.
Twenty twenty-one, right?
Yes, sir.
Thank you and can I have your most recent transaction?
I believe September twentieth.
And do you know where it was at?
That was at Walmart.
OK.
All right. Everything looks good ma'am. Cancelling your card now. I'm gonna re-issue you another one. Can I get your current address?
Yes, sir. It would be three eight six four Taylor Street.
OK. Thank you so much. So, I'm going to send you a new card at Taylor Street. Three three six eight Taylor Street.
No, sir.
Oh it's not three three six eight. What is it again?
Three eight six four Taylor Street.
Three eight six four. So, I wanna send you a card at three eight six four Taylor Street and the card should be there within we like to say one to two weeks. If the card does not come in two weeks, you can always give us a call back.
When you get the card, you can always call here and you go to our computer automated system and you will type in the PIN associated with the card.
Is there anything else that I can help you with today, ma'am?
No, sir. That'll be all.
OK. Thank you so much, Ms. Jackson and just remember to send in the fifty dollars you could always come up here to the bank. you can and you can send the fifty dollars electronically and digitally or through check and your account can be opened. Thank you much, Ms. Jackson and call us anytime you need us.
Thank you and have a good day.
You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. How may I help you?
Hi Peter, how are you?
I'm doing very well. How are you doing today?
I'm doing all right.
OK.
Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Nina Bishop.
Nina Bishop. OK, Nina. How can I assist you?
I need to make some transfers between my saving and my checking account today.
OK.
All right. So we need to transfer money between your savings and your checkings account.
Yes. Unfortunately we're gonna have to take some money out of my saving account.
OK. Got it.
so Nina, what is your date of birth?
March fourth nineteen sixty eight.
Fourth nineteen sixty eight. OK. and your current address?
my current address is PO box four three four three zero zero.
OK. PO box four three four three zero zero.
Stowe, New Hampshire.
OK.
Eight four three three three.
Do you. Would there be a different address that we would have on file?
That one is not matching what we have on file.
OK. So it's six seven zero Golden Road.
OK. That one is matching.
OK, good.
All right.
And then for security purposes what are the last four of your social security number?
Seven four one three.
OK.
All right.
All right. And then can you confirm the account that we are drawing money out of?
it will be from my saving account but I don't know the number.
OK.
All right so I have your savings account pulled up right here.
Can you?
actually Can you tell me cuz I'll know which one is the saving account obviously. Can you then give me the balance before we do anything please first?
Sure.
So the balance in your savings account is seven thousand two hundred and nineteen dollars and thirty-three cents.
OK.
All right so that is the saving account.
OK.
I need to transfer five thousand from it.
OK. I'm gonna transfer five thousand dollars from your savings account to.
To my checking account.
Where is this?
To your checking account? And that is account number four three zero nine?
don't know.
OK. That is the only checking account that you have with us.
OK.
OK. So and we are transferring five thousand dollars from your savings account to your checking account.
Correct.
All right.
all right. I have initiated that transfer.
OK.
and it's looking like that money should be available Yeah. that money should be available immediately.
Can you please give me the the balance on the checking account now please?
On your
Checking account with that five thousand dollars?
Yes.
Your current balance is six thousand two hundred and thirty three dollars and twenty-seven cents.
OK.
All right.
So you said that that will be available immediately?
Yes. It is available immediately.
Oh I'm sure that there wasn't any fee between my two bank accounts right?
No. There was.
Not any fees for you to transfer money in between your bank accounts.
OK.
OK.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
do you guys do mortgages?
We do do mortgages.
We do mortgages, we do auto loans, we do and we have credit cards.
Are you looking to refinance or are you looking to purchase a new home?
I'm thinking about purchasing my first home.
OK.
Would it be better for me to come to the local branch and talk to somebody there? Kinda to understand what papers I need to gather and where my finances needs to be or over the phone? What do you recommend?
Are you. Are you looking
For like a consultation? Or do you want to start the Do you want to start the application process?
well I I would like to talk to somebody first please.
OK. So what I can do is I can take your information Nina and I can pass it onto one of our mortgage specialists who can give you a call and explain everything to you.
Is that something that you would be interested in?
sure. Let's.
Yes. Let's please do that.
OK. so what is the best number for them to reach you?
area code is four three three
OK. Four three three.
Seven four one.
Seven four one.
Seven two two zero.
Seven two two zero.
And is there a good time to to reach you?
any time will be fine.
Any time? OK. I will put that note on and I'm sending that over to our mortgage specialists now. and you should receive a call from somebody within the next twenty four hours. If you do not you feel free to give us a call and I can put your forward.
Through to them.
OK. OK, great.
And is there any~
Thing else I that I can assist you with today?
No, that's all.
No? OK.
Well Nina it was a pleasure speaking with you, and thank you for being an Intellibank customer. And we look forward to serving you in the future.
All right. Thanks again.
All right. Thank you very much.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. Welcome to Intellibank Customer Service. My name is Mike. What can I do for you today?
hello. I'm calling because I know this lobby hours for Intellibank, have reduced substantially and, and now you're even closed on Saturday where you used to have at least five hours available. And I'm just trying to understand what this is all about and you know, whatever you can help me with that would be great.
Yes sir. The need for personal face to face tellers has reduced over the years with online banking, and we did recently reduce our lobby hours to compensate for this.
Oh. Well, it's putting me out because I was just trying to make a transfer the other day, and I went in person as I usually do, and the doors were closed. I don't know. It was by three o'clock, and see I didn't look at the hours that y'all posted but. Anyway, so I just thought that was strange.
I can help you with that sir. You you wanted to transfer to another account within Intellibank?
no, actually I wanted to transfer to another institution if that's OK.
yes sir. OK, let me. let me pull up your account so I can make this transfer happen. may I have your account ID please? Or another ID associated with your account, like a driver's license or last four digits of your Social Security Number.
yes. I have my last four digits, are two two zero zero. And I'll go ahead and give you my driver's license. That's two four six, seven eight nine six three.
Thank you.
That's New Mexico Driver's License, by the way.
Thank you sir. Before we proceed, I just need to verify some information for the security of your account. what is your full name, sir?
James, Earnest Walker.
Thank you sir. And your date of birth?
November first, nineteen fifty-eight.
OK, and for your security question. what is the street you grew up on?
hold on. tower. Tower Lane.
I actually think it was a different street. But that's the answer I'm always giving during the last, I don't know, twenty years.
the system is telling me that's incorrect. Is is that the correct answer to your security, sir?
It may not be. can can you ask me a different security question, please?
Yes sir. what is your mother's maiden name?
Oh, well I definitely know that. That is Jackson.
That you sir. That worked. Thank you for verifying your information. which account did you want to close?
My savings account, please.
OK, and what is the number of that account?
six two six nine six eighty-seven five sixty.
OK, one moment sir.
Oh, so are you. Is your phone bank. are you here in town, in Albuquerque?
Yes sir, we do have a couple locations in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Well, I mean if you're I mean cuz the weather is just incredible right now. I'm just. I just wanna kinda hang out and, and not do anything. But, anyway, sorry. I digress. What can I OK.
I understand sir. The weather is is great in New Mexico. I have to agree with you. I see the balance of this account is seven thousand dollars, seven thousand. Excuse me. and fifty-one dollars and seventy-nine cents. Does this seem correct sir?
that's pretty close. Plus or minus a hundred dollars.
And what is the reason for closing this account, sir?
Over the course of my life, I've opened up way too many accounts and I just can't find them. I mean, I don't know where the banks are and.
OK, and it hurt a little bit that you were closed at three, but but really it's all about, I just got too many accounts.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that sir. about the transfer, do you know the deposit routing number and deposit account number sir?
well, the bank is Summit Hills. Where would I find the routing? Oh, wait wait no. Here, they have it. three one four, five two nine, oh oh one.
Thank you. And the deposit account number, sir?
one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three.
Thank you. And is this a saving account or a checking account?
That's checking, definitely.
Would you like to close any other account sir?
no, just that one.
OK, sir. Just to confirm, I will be closing your savings account with Intellibank and transferring the residual balance, of seven thousand fifty-one dollars and fifty-three cents, from your savings account to the checking account number, one two zero zero, seven zero zero, one four three. Is this all correct sir?
Yup, that's Summit Hills Bank. and do you know how soon this will happen? The transfer.
Yes, sir. The transfer usually takes three to five business days, for it to occur, and the savings account with Intellibank, will close within one to two weeks.
Oh, OK.
Is there anything else I can do for you sir? would you like to learn about any of our banking products?
No, no, I think we're done here. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Angela. How may I help you today?
Yeah hey Angela, this is Maxwell White.
Well Max how can I help you?
Yeah I would to open account?
Certainly I could definitely help you with that? Are you looking to open a checking or savings account today?
a savings account.
OK.
Just need to get some verifiable personal information here from you.
Oh wait before I forget What's your return of interest rates?
on the standards savings account, it is point five percent.
Oh OK yeah that's not bad, that's not bad I like that. OK. Oh. go ahead. What information do you need?
OK yes can I please get our first and last name again and date of birth?
That's Maxwell White and my date of birth is one eighteen of eighty-eight.
Thank you can I please get a social security number.
Yeah that's ninety-three ninety-three, eighty-three thirteen thirteen.
OK and we need a security question provided on your account.
it can be any type of question and answer that you prefer to use such as what is your pet's favorite what is your favorite pet's name? What street did you grow up on? Anything of the like.
We'll go with my pet His name is Sir Pippington.
OK so what is the name of your favorite pet then?
Yes.
OK. And that was Sir Pippington correct.
That's correct yes.
All right got that in here for you. OK and then last piece of verifiable information that I would need is a driver's license number.
Oh. shoot. I'm waiting for that to come in the mail because I just moved into the area.
OK. So unfortunately at this time I'm not able to continue with this setup of your new savings account. That is something that you'll need to go into your local branch. And finish the setup the process there.
OK where's the local branch nearest me?
Yes I'd be happy to look that up for you. If you can just please provide me with your address.
Yeah that's Twelve thirteen East Memory Lane San Diego California nine two zero eight three.
Thank you. Just a moment here while I get the list pulled up. It looks like the nearest location from that address is about two and half miles and the address is twelve zero one Lansen Avenue.
OK I know where that is. It's right next to the public library.
Yes that's correct. It's across the street and around the corner.
Oh OK yeah. I'll head in there. What are your hours?
the branch is open from seven thirty a.m. to six p.m. Monday through Friday and eight a.m. to noon on Saturday and closed on Sunday.
Oh OK yeah that would work out great.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No you've been great.
OK, then you have a wonderful day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon, it's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Yes I'm a client in the bank. My name is John Meadows and I've got a couple of things that I'd like to get from you.
hello Mr. Meadows, how can I help you today?
I'd I'd like to find where the nearest branch is located and I'd also like to check my balance.
OK great, let's check your balance first. I'll ask you some questions. Can you spell your last name please?
it's Meadows. M E A D O W S. John Meadows, and I'm at my date of birth is January fifteenth nineteen sixty-five.
OK Mr. Meadows, and what's the last four of your Social?
let's see I gotta do my whole Social and strip out the last four, six three five five.
OK, let's see here and how about your mother's maiden name?
Rosen, R O S E N.
OK great, and do you happen to have your account number with you?
Yes, my checking account number is three seven two eight two nine.
OK great, and OK I'm in your account. Do you mind please confirming your address?
yes my address is seven five three Dogwood. Now I may have, when I opened the account, I may have used Street, but it's actually Road, Dogwood Road.
Oh OK great, let me make that change. Hold on a second.
Yeah.
Phoenix, Arizona, eight five oh oh three.
OK great, we have that fixed and do you mind repeating your email please?
Yes, it's J D M E A D O W S J D Meadows at Gmail dot com, and my phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two.
Oh OK great, so it that's what we've got on file. OK, I see you have a couple of accounts here. So which account are you asking about?
Yeah I'd like to get the balance on my checking account and verify where the nearest the where the nearest branch is located.
Oh OK, let's see here. Your balance in your checking account is five thousand two hundred ninety-seven dollars and twelve cents.
that sounds great.
And let me get the nearest branch for you. Give me one moment.
The do you follow baseball at all?
No, I don't.
You know it is it there's only six games left and tonight I'm going to the to the game, the Phoenix Diamondbacks. They're playing the Giants tonight. So. Yeah. That'll be a lot of fun.
Wow, that sounds very exciting.
I hope you have a great time.
Thank you.
OK according to our website here your, based on your address, the nearest branch is at, oh do you have a pen?
yes I do.
OK, it's ten forty Bay Road in Phoenix. The ZIP is eight five zero zero three. And the nearest cross street is Walnut.
OK, I know where that is. That's very close. I think that'll work. Is there a, what would the next closest one be?
hold on one moment please.
OK the next closest one is about five miles away. It's farther south also on Bay Road. The cross street is Chestnut Street. would you like the hours for those branches?
well I assume they're yeah please.
OK, so Monday through Thursday they're both open eight to four.
OK.
Friday, eight to six. Saturday, nine to twelve and they're closed on Sunday.
OK. Could you also give me a balance in my savings account please?
Sure, like give me one moment. OK, it looks like the amount in your savings account is two hundred forty-nine dollars and sixty cents.
OK.
Would you like to make any transfers today?
no, thanks for the opportunity. The you know I should, I'd like to be doing this online. could you and I've not set up an online account yet, could you kind of give me an idea on that?
Sure, it's very easy to do. Just go to our website which is Intellibank dot com and that's I N T E L L I Bank dot com. Click the big green register button on the home page. Fill out the security questions that it asks and submit that and within twenty-four hours you can log back in and you should be able to see both of your accounts, the balances, you can transfer money from one account to the other, you can dispute a transaction, you can email customer service, and you can also print out your statements.
That sounds pretty simple. I'll set that up when we hang up. I wanted to, you know I gave you, I don't know if I gave you my address. I wanna just make sure it's I because I I've made this mistake in the past. I've used. I've given Dogwood Street, and it should be Dogwood Road.
We have Dogwood Road. I think we're all set.
OK, Great.
That's. That's perfect.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, I'll I'll go check out my new branch and and we'll just continue working with you folks.
OK, well thank you Mr. Meadows and good luck on your new place.
Thank you very very much. I appreciate your service.
OK, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. How may we help you today?
Yes, ma'am. I just moved and I need to find out some information on where your branches are in my area now. so I can you know get down and I need to do some things with you guys. My name is Rodney Hatfield.
Yes, sir. OK. And now there there's gonna be a few pieces of information that I'm gonna have to collect from you to access any account information that you have here. Are you wanting to check on your checking or savings or both?
It it'll be both. I have I have checking and a savings account. Yes.
OK. Yes, sir. OK. What I'm gonna need from you is, I need your full name and I need your address, please. For verification.
Rodney G. Hatfield.
Yes, sir.
H A T F I E L D.
OK. Thank you very much. And can I also have Yes, your date of birth, please.
On my date of birth?
It's nine eleven two thousand.
Thank you for that. And and could you please answer the security question of that you have listed on your favorite pet?
My favorite pet was Happy.
Happy. OK. Thank you very much. And could you also please verify your credit card information and give me the and give me the PIN number for your account?
Yes, Hold on, this is the old one here. is it five five eight one seven one nine one three three three three three one one two three eight?
No, sir. I'm, I'm sorry you, you're incorrect on that. But, I can't. I can't verify that for you.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Five five eight one seven one eight one three three three one one two three eight.
Yes, sir. Thank you very much. And could you please verify the the PIN number on your account?
Sorry about that.
Yes, it's eight three three five.
Thank you very much. OK. And what else can I help you with, did you say anything?
I'd like to also get my check my balance. And and where's where's the. Where's your location at work, you know, cuz I I moved to Dixie and I was in Saint Albans so now I'm in Dixie and I just need to know where you where your location is.
OK. You're good. The closest location to you is going to be in in the Walmart in Shillian Bridge. And that is two five six eight seven nineteen hundred is the number. and is is there anything I can.
OK.
where's that near? Where's that Walmart near?
It, sir, it's right off the bridge on Sixty-four. You make a left from the bridge and you go right into the. You go right to the. Through a high school parking lot. It's Sherman High School.
That over by Payne Nursing Home?
Yes. It is. Right there by.
OK, my uncle.
My Uncle's over there. I can go see him too when I get a chance there.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. That's exactly where it is. and I do have your account pulled up here with your checking account balance and your savings. Would you like to hear those?
Yes, ma'am. Please.
in your checking you're carrying eleven thousand five hundred dollars and fifty-two cent balance. And in your savings you are carrying a twenty-one thousand six hundred and fifty-two dollar and ten cent balance in that account.
Oh gosh, I I need to get some of that trans. Can I can I transfer about seven thousand of that from my checking into my savings ?
Yes, sir. You sure can and I will be happy to take care of that for you. And do you know anything about our online banking?
I do have your online banking, but since I moved I don't have my internet set up yet at the house. So soon as I do I'll be able to access that again. And it shouldn't be a problem. Now now at your at your ATMs, do you have the the where you can put cash in. Can you deposit cash through the machine like some some of them used to do when I lived in Saint Saint Albans?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I actually Actually we have an interactive ATM now that is at the branch location that you were just asking about at the Walmart. And you can actually speak to a live agent if you need And she will guide you through a transaction and you don't even have to have your debit card with you.
Wonderful.
Nice.
Just your ID?
You can.
Just your ID. Just use your ID and she can help you recover any funds that you need to withdraw, and you don't even have to have your card with you.
OK, OK.
Hey. That's really great. So just bring my ID say if it's after hours and, you know, sometimes I don't get off till. I don't get off work till till seven o'clock sometimes and you guys are already gone from the main office.
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You totally do that. And let me also inform you about our online banking and some of our mobile banking aspects, too. Our online banking if you go on Intellibank at dot com it It it puts your information you are able to access your account twenty-four hours a day and no need to even call in to us if you don't if you don't need to. that way it's more convenient for you. and also, we have a mobile banking app that you can deposit money without even having to go to a physical location. It's called our checkless deposits. Take a picture of your of your check and you can make your deposits online.
Oh OK. Great great great.
Yeah, thanks. I need to get it on my phone, because I have it at home on my regular desktop. So yeah, I need to download the app. Is it pretty easy to download and get everything you need?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
They have it for iOS and mobile. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
could you send a receipt of that transfer from my checking to my savings?
Yes, sir, I sure can. I will send it to your email. What is your email address again?
It's Rodney Hatfield at Yahoo dot com.
Yes, sir. I will get that out to you momentarily. And is there anything else that I can help with here at Intellibank?
I guess that's it. Thanks for putting up with me. It was a lot of stuff I had to ask, so I appreciate it.
Oh, sir, you're you're completely welcome. We're We're always here to help you.
You guys are great.
Thank you much.
Thank you. Bye bye.
All right. Bye bye.
Good afternoon this is Steven with Intellibank. How can I help you today?
I need to close my accounts.
OK, I can help you with that. to start with if I could get your name and date of birth?
Yep my name is Bernadette Sampson B E R N A D E T T E Sampson S A M P S O N. my date of birth is August eighth nineteen eighty seven. I live at four twenty three Sarsaparilla Drive San Antonio Texas four three two one six.
OK OK thank you all all I needed was your name and date of birth, we're good. and which account is this?
my checking account.
Your checking account OK. If I could get the details of that account what is the account number?
Yep it is six zero three eight oh two two three zero seven.
OK. Got it. And if you could answer one question for me. What is your favorite city in Pennsylvania? That's the security question we have.
Altoona.
OK. And if you could tell me why you're why you're closing this account and transferring the funds into another bank?
Because last time I talked to you I told you I wanted a chip card on my debit card and you didn't you don't have it anymore. And I am fed up with all the fraud that keeps happening on my account and I hear that chip cards are the way to go to prevent that.
OK. I understand. Thank you for that Mrs. Sampson. and when we close this account, where will we be transferring your balance?
the new bank is called rock solid bank. I hope that means I'll have less fraud there.
OK and rock solid bank in order to be sure it goes to the right place I need the account number, well actually if you could start with the routing number.
Yep. Let me give me a second let me find it.
That would be the first number on the bottom of your new checks.
I don't have my checkbooks yet. I gotta look at the paperwork.
OK. I'm sorry Mrs. Sampson.
OK. The routing number is zero one three three six nine two eight one one.
OK. Let me repeat that back to you. Zero one three six nine two
No. No.
No no. It's Zero one three three six nine two eight one one.
I'm very sorry Mrs. Sampson let me try that again. Zero one three three six nine two eight one one.
Correct.
OK. And that shows rock solid bank in San Francisco California. If I could have your account number?
Yeah, hang on let me look. the account number is three one five nine six two.
Three one five nine six two. Let me enter that information. It may take a moment for for this to accept the information and confirm your identity. if you would just hold on for just a moment.
OK.
So how long is it gonna take for this to happen, this transfer?
Yes, I can answer that for you. The transfer should take place within two to three days it's a very very quick process because it's all done electronically.
All right. So where are you from?
my offices are in San Antonio Texas.
San Antone I've been to San Antonio my husband was in the military in San Antonio, that's where he went to boot camp.
You've probably visited the River Walk. It's very beautiful down there.
I did. It is very beautiful. We had some pretty good Mexican food too.
the Mexican food is very good in San Antonio. in fact I had lunch at a Mexican place down on the on the River Walk today. OK Mrs. , it looks like this has been approved and the balance of one thousand twenty four dollars and eighty two cents has been transferred from your account with Intellibank to rock solid bank at the account number that you issued to me. Is there anything else I can help you, are there any other accounts?
Can you?
Can you can you tell me the account number again so I know you got it right?
Yes. The account number at your rock solid bank is three one five nine six two.
OK. Good. And I do have to change my savings account over.
Your savings account too? OK. let's go back to the beginning here. Hold on just a second. All right, I can initiate that transfer enclosure as well. And what is your savings account number?
Hang on. Lemme it's in other paperwork. my my new savings account. You want my new savings account or my old savings account?
We'll start with your old one that we'll transfer the funds out of that one and then get the new one.
OK. The old savings account is eight zero two six zero three three zero seven.
OK. And can you give me that that password again? What is your favorite city in Pennsylvania?
Altoona.
OK. Very good. I'm into that account. All right. And I'll transfer those funds. And if you could repeat the routing number first.
OK. lemme go back to it. It's zero one three three six nine two eight one one.
Very good. Zero one three three six nine two eight one one. OK. And what is the new savings account that that's being transferred into?
Eight one six three seven two nine six.
OK. That's eight one six three seven two nine six.
Correct.
OK. Very good. And just as with your other account, this should be processed in two to three days. it's done completely electronically and you should see the funds in your new account by the end of the week. Certainly within the next couple of days.
So when I when I log in online at my rock solid bank I'll automatically see this transfer I don't have to call back to the customer service for any other reason?
Correct. It should show up automatically. And we will also close the accounts here so you won't have to worry about any types of fees or anything here. we'll go on ahead and get both the savings and the checking closed and if you'd ever like to come back, we'd certainly be happy to welcome you back to the Intellibank family.
Yeah, right.
Is there anything else I can do to help you Mrs. Sampson?
No, that's it.
OK. Thank you and have a great day.
You too.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Louise. How may I help you today?
Good morning. I'm calling to see if there's a branch near me? We're on vacation in Miami and I haven't seen one.
I would be happy to check that for you. May I have the street address where you are.
Yes, ma'am.
We're at three oh seven Ocean Boulevard.
OK. That's three zero seven Ocean Boulevard.
Yes, ma'am.
OK and you said that was in Miami. Correct?
Yes, ma'am.
And I hope that's still Florida.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Great. Give me just one moment to pull up that information.
Have you ever been to Miami?
Unfortunately, no. But I hear it's absolutely beautiful this time of year. You know after summer and not too hot. I had a friend go down there on summer vacation last year. But she said the heat was just absolutely unbearable.
But she did love the beaches whenever she got in the water. But she's not much of a swimmer so anyway, I do have this information pulled up for you and there is a branch not far from you at four ninety-one Ash Lane . And they are open Monday through Saturday from nine a.m. until five p.m. and there's a different branch also not far away from you. Now, this one is at fifty-two Dolphin Street and they. They have extended hours open Monday through Saturday from nine a.m. until nine p.m..
Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes, ma'am. I'd also like to check my balance.
Sure, not a problem. May I have your full name and your date of birth, please?
Yes, ma'am.
My name is Mildred Pierce
and I was born on February the second two thousand.
The last four of my social is five nine six oh.
OK. Thank you so much for that information, Ms. Pierce and that is P I E R C E.
Yes, ma'am.
OK and your birth date is February the second two thousand?
Yes, ma'am.
Great and the last four of your social was five nine six zero.
Yes, ma'am.
Wonderful and your security question. What is your maiden name?
Greene. G R E E N E.
OK. Thank you so much, Ms. Pierce.
Now, what type of account is this that you would like the balance for and also the account number?
It's a checking account.
the number is zero zero zero nine seven three three one.
OK. Thank you for that Ms. Pierce.
unfortunately, I'm not showing an account under that number. Could you repeat it for me please?
Zero zero nine seven three three one.
Oh, I'm sorry. it's zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK so I have zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
Yes, ma'am. I transposed numbers.
Oh that's no problem whatsoever. I do that as well. and that pulled that straight up.
I do have your available balance as
five thousand two hundred forty-eight dollars and twenty-one cents.
Five thousand two forty-eight twenty one?
Yes, ma'am. That is correct.
And also just to let you know especially since you're on vacation. We do have a free online banking you can go on there and easily check things like your balance, your transaction histories. You can deposit checks you can do online bill pay, transfer money between accounts or do wire transfers. All kinds of wonderful stuff. would you like me to help setup that account?
No, thanks.
OK. No problem, Ms. Pierce. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, thank you. You've been very kind. Thank you.
Thank you so much, Ms. Pierce. And again, thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Laury. How may I help you?
yes. I'm calling today cuz I need to dispute a transaction on my account.
Sure, I can help you with that. Can I get your first and last name, please?
Sure. First name's Melissa. Last name is Joseph. Do you need me to spell that for you?
Yes, please.
It is J O E S P H.
Thank you very much, Ms. Joseph. And what is your date of birth, please.
It is February fourteenth, nineteen ninety-six.
Oh, a Valentine's Day baby.
Yes, I get lots and lots of chocolates.
How exciting for you. That's a wonderful birthday. It must be awesome for you.
there's times it can be and times there isn't.
I understand. OK, Ms. Joseph. What is your account number?
can you give one second so I can go find it?
Sure.
OK, one sec.
OK, I'm back. I don't have the account number, but I do believe my credit card is linked to that. Can I give you that information?
The credit card number? You can give Sure. You can give me the credit card number. You can also give me your security answer if you have that if that's more convenient. I can just ask you your security question?
Sure. If you like, go ahead.
OK, not a problem ma'am. what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Weiss.
Can you spell that for me, please?
Sure, W E I S S.
W E I S S?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. OK and you said you're calling today to dispute a transaction. Which account is this in reference to? Debit or credit?
It's actually to my credit card. I saw it the other day and I need to have it taken off, please.
Not a problem. And do you know what the dollar amount of the relevant transaction is?
Sure, I have it right in front of me. It is from five. It's five hundred and twenty-three dollars and six cents.
Sorry. My handwriting's really bad so I had to double-check what I wrote.
Not a problem. You said five hundred and twenty-three dollars and six cents?
Yes, ma'am.
All righty. Wow. That's a quite the hefty transaction there, huh?
Yes, and it's one that I didn't do. So I want it taken off my account, please.
Not a problem. Understandable. And do you happen to have with you the disputed transactions date?
Sure. It was on eight twenty-four.
Eight twenty-four. And the reason for the dispute?
Well, it says that it was from the Apple Store, which I don't shop in. I don't like Apple products.
I understand. So your did not make this transaction?
No, I did not.
And by chance, does anybody else have access to this account?
No, I am the only one with access. And I honestly don't understand why there's this charge here because I thought I had security for any kind of charges like this.
you definitely do. you. We will take of that for you. No problem, ma'am. Don't feel that you're gonna be charged in any way. We are going to investigate this transaction as soon as possible.
OK. Thank you. I appreciate that.
I just have a few more questions, OK? Bear with me.
No problem.
Do you have any membership fees or subscription fees with the Apple Store?
No.
And have you contacted the business that made the transaction?
Actually, I did . And when they brought up the information, of course, they don't have you know, a camera right there to show OK I'm the one that did it. But they said they do have a purchase on my credit number ending in four two six eight, that it was done at eight twenty-four at five p.m. for five hundred and twenty-three dollars and six cents. And I told them that was impossible because I wasn't even anywhere near the store. I was out on out of town on vacation.
Boy, I tell you. These scammers nowadays. They're getting craftier and craftier.
Oh, yes they are.
You know you could have your your card in your wallet and unfortunately, they are still out there shopping with it. I don't know how they do it but they do it.
Oh, OK. yeah. I don't either but can we figure this out. I sorry, I'm not trying to rush you, but I do have some things going on that I need to take care of and just want to get this done and over with.
Absolutely. OK. So, the next steps we will do is to lock your card to protect against further transactions and issues.
Is that OK with you? May I go ahead and cancel this card today?
Yes, please.
And we're gonna issue out you a new one. This will be sent to our fraud department for further investigation and you will receive a response by mail in seven to ten business days along with your new card.
OK.
Is there a way maybe possibly pay you know, like a fee of some sort to maybe get the card within twenty-four hours as of. I am needing to use it within the next day or two.
Unfortunately, no. But what you can do is you can go to a specific branch and get a temporary card while you're waiting for your card to come by mail.
OK, thank you. I will definitely do that.
Not a problem, ma'am. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think you did a wonderful job. And I thank you very much. And I hope if I do have any other issues or need to call the helpline, that you'll be the one to answer the phone.
Oh, well. Thank you very much, Ms. Melissa. Thank you again. My name is Laury. And you have a great day.
You too. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name?
It's Marsha Stevens.
OK. Stevens. can I get your date of birth?
One one, nineteen sixty.
OK. Oh, a new year baby. for security purpose, can I get your email?
my email.
Yes.
Is pineapple hint at Gmail dot com.
Pineapple hint?
Yes. H I N T.
OK, at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
All I like that drink. OK. All right. Also for security purpose, can I get your state ID or driver's license number?
Yes.
It's P G one three three, seven four eight.
OK. And how can I help you today?
Well, I want to transfer money from my savings to my checking.
You want to transfer your money from savings to your checking?
Yes.
OK. All right. We can do that. can I get your savings account number?
My savings account number. Yes, you may. It's A A zero zero, one four five five, six zero zero, nine eight.
OK. You said nine eight?
Yes.
OK. All right.
And can I get your checking account?
Yes. It's A A two two, one zero zero, four three, five five, nine eight.
You said four three, three?
No. No. Four three, five five, nine eight.
Oh, OK. Sorry about that.
No problem.
OK, and how much are we transferring to checking?
We're gonna
Do about two thousand.
Two thousand?
Yes.
OK. Let's get that ready.
OK.
Mm, how are you doing today?
I'm doing great. I'm doing great.
OK, that's good.
I'm looking forward to the seasons, to holidays, Thanksgiving, Christmas. Yes, Christmas.
Oh, man.
My favorite time of year. Love decorating, love the food.
that look. That's where you that's where you wanna be at. Food.
Love the food.
With this with this COVID and everything, I'm I'm glad I still see some people with higher high spirits.
Yeah. Yeah, you have to. You have to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Got to just
Pray on it, and keep it going.
There you go.
Keep it going.
There you go. I been definitely doing some praying.
Oh, yeah.
All right. And that's two thousands into your checkings account?
Yes.
OK. Just double check to make sure.
All right. Mkay. In real time, this should be updated into your account within the next three to five minutes. is there anything else you need, missus?
Mkay.
Yes, how
Much is. Is. Is left in that savings?
Savings, OK. After the two thousand in savings you have five thousand one hundred and eighty-six dollars. and thirty-two cents.
OK.
All righty. And when that two thousand is in the checking, how much I have in that checking?
you will have.
Six thousand eight hundred and forty-two dollars.
Oh, great. Great. Great.
OK. yeah. And just a reminder, you can always check this online or on the app. We do you can do this on the app fairly easily it gives you step by steps on how to do it.
OK.
all right. All right.
So yeah. And that's about it for the day, missus?
Yes.
Yes. That is. That's all I need.
Oh, all righty then. thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a lovely evening.
You too. Thank you. I appreciate it.
No problem.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
Hi. I I I need to find a branch. I believe I have lost my card so I need to go in to see if they can lock the card or close it or get me a new card. I I'm just worried. I don't want anyone getting into my account.
OK. I'll be happy to help you with that. first of all, can I get your account number, please?
Yeah. It's one seven nine four five three zero zero.
OK. Thank you and the your name.
My name is Karen Huxley.
OK, Karen. And your date of birth, please?
two eighteen eighty-two.
Thank you and for added security can I get the I your authenticating ID. It looks like here we've got your driver's license number.
Yeah. It's six six one seven five four two O R.
That's it.
and then you have a security question on your account. What is the your pet's name?
Oh, let's see. I started this account back in whoa I wanna say two thousand five and oh I was living in Bend and I was married to Tom. He was a good man. I loved him. I'm it it really. I miss him. He died. He fell off a horse and broke off his neck and then the horse trampled on him so I'm sorry. I can't talk about that anymore. I believe it was Sunny.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Yes. Sunny was his farm dog so we lived on the farm. That's why he was on a horse and and Sunny got in front of the horbye bye. Anyway, we're not gonna talk about that. Sunny, I believe.
OK. That's the address I that's the name I have down here also. Thank you. So you wanted to find a a branch. Is that correct? Near you?
OK.
Yes, Yes.
I just moved to Southeast Portland from Bend. I tried to live on the farm by myself and you know just no amount of dogs would make me feel like Tom was there but bless his heart. I'm just gonna have to move on.
Southeast Portland. That's. Yes.
Southeast Portland?
Can I get an address nearby. An exact address and I can search nearby to find a bank.
Yeah.
I'm staying with my friend. Oh, I don't even understand how people can let me stay with them. I've got so many pets I think she's on. She we're over by Morrison so. Well, hold on, let me grab a piece of mail to look at the address huh. OK. OK. Well, Victoria's Secret magazine says, one eight six nine South what is that? Sixty-ninth Street Portland, Oregon nine seven two two two.
OK. Thank you for that information. OK. It looks like there is a branch nearby on Morrison. would you like that address?
Yes. Yes. If that's the closest one. I don't wanna make my friend drive me everywhere.
this is actually very close. It's it looks like it's half a mile from your address.
Perfect. I can walk there. I need the exercise.
OK. It is. The address is eight eight eight Morrison Portland, Oregon nine seven two two two and the hours of operation are ten a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then on Saturdays eleven to two.
is there? you know, it's already four fifty-five. It's Friday and I have plans tomorrow is there another branch that's gonna be open past two on Saturday or is that all the hours in this area?
Yeah. all Intellibank branches are only open until two p.m. on Saturdays.
Well, that's just ridiculous because we all know Sundays, there's no bank, and it's God's day so what about Saturday? People still live on Saturbye bye, whatever, you know.
My Tom would tell me just go in the morning even if you don't wanna get up early but I'll do what I need to do I guess.
mhm OK and you said you also need to report your card as lost?
Oh, yes. That's right. Thank you. My whole main reason to go to the branch. yeah, I believe, I lost it.
I haven't found it since I moved here last week.
OK.
OK. I can help you with that and and then you wouldn't even need to go into the branch to do that. Can I get the date of loss on your card?
Yes, huh. So I drove here on the first but I went to the store to get some things for the drive cuz it's about a three-hour drive and I needed some snacks but you know. Nothing that would make me sick because nothing's worst than driving and being sick by yourself and not having someone to oh, take the wheel, my poor Tom. yes, so I'm gonna say the twenty-eighth or twenty-ninth I stopped at the. The Super Walmart to get some cheap snacks and I think it maybe was about forty dollars. I got a lot of candy. It a shame on me.
Mhm.
OK.
Oh, OK. Well I. Oh, right. I do see a yeah Walmart on September twenty-ninth. It looks like transaction was thirty dollars and fifty-seven cents.
Oh.
Look at that. I didn't spend as much as I thought. Good for me.
Good for you. OK. Now let me just confirm the address that you want me to mail this to?
looks like you had already updated your address with us. So we have you at one eight six nine Sixty-ninth Street in in Portland. OK. Nine seven one five three. OK. Let me mail.
Yes. Yes. In Portland.
No.
Nine seven two two two.
Nine seven two two two. OK.
That was.
My old ZIP code.
Oh, OK. Thank you for that correction. All right.
So this will be sent out to you. You should get it in three to five business days. And to activate the card, just please call the one eight hundred number on the card when you get it and that will activate your card for you. and you should be all set.
OK.
OK. Yeah, cool. Well, maybe I'll just run on down to the Super Walmart Walmart out here and buy me some celebratory snacks cuz I didn't have to go into the branch. So thank you so much.
You are very welcome. You have a nice day.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is April. How may I help you?
yes hi April. My name is Amber and I'm calling because I need to close my account with you guys .
Oh OK Amber. I'm so sorry to hear that you wish to close your account with Intellibank. let's see here. Can I confirm your last name please?
Sure. It's Roberts.
OK, thank you Mrs. Roberts. May I also have your date of birth please?
Yes. It's April twenty-second nineteen eighty-four.
OK thank you so much for that Mrs. Roberts.
Uh-huh.
OK so Mrs. Roberts can you please provide me with your debit card number?
yes I can. gimme just a second. Sorry, I should have been better prepared.
Oh gosh don't worry at all. Please take your time.
Thanks, one second. OK, are you there?
Yes ma'am.
OK so my debit card number is one one one six four three two one zero zero zero zero five six eight nine.
And just to confirm was that four zeros?
Yes ma'am.
OK great. Thank you for providing that information. So I see here that you have been banking with us since two thousand and eleven. we really wanna thank you for being a valued Intellibank member for these past ten years. Mrs. Roberts may I ask why you wish to close your account with us?
well I'm not unhappy with Italy Bank excuse me Intellibank or anything like that. I'm just moving out of state and there is no Intellibank where I'm moving so I've gotta switch unfortunately.
oh I see.
Yeah, it's a pain. I'd prefer to stay with you guys but what can you do?
Yes, well may I ask where are you moving to?
Alaska.
Oh that sounds super exciting.
Yeah, it's super beautiful. I love it there. It's definitely a small town though. Nothing like here.
Oh yeah. I see that you are currently in Seattle.
Yeah . Yeah, it'll be good though.
Oh I'm sure you're excited.
Yeah, my husband he does guided hunting trips so he's actually starting his own business up there and it's been his dream for a long time so we're gonna go for it.
Oh my gosh that sounds so exciting. Well I wish the two of you the best with your move and with his new business adventure.
Yeah, thank you so much. It'll be great. We're excited.
I bet. OK so I just need to confirm a little bit of information with you. so for security purposes Miss Roberts may I please have your mother's maiden name?
Yes, it's Bishop.
Bishop, all right. Can you spell that for me please?
Sure. B as in boy I S H O P as in Paul.
Perfect. Thank you so much. All right, so Mrs. Roberts do you happen to have your checking account number as well?
I do. It is nine nine four five three seven zero one nine.
Awesome, thank you so much. So I have your checking account pulled up here and I know that you would like to to close your checking account. You do currently have a balance of nineteen thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight dollars and twenty-five cents in your account.
Yes. I'd I'd like to transfer those funds to my new bank account if possible.
Oh, certainly. I would be glad to assist you with that. And what is the name of the bank you plan on using when you get to Alaska?
It's called Mountain West Bank.
OK Mountain West. Let me see here. OK. And is it a checking or savings account which you'd like to transfer that money to?
It's a checking account.
Perfect and may I please have Mountain West checking account number if you have that?
I do . Give me just a second. It is eight eight eight zero two zero three five one.
Perfect and then may I also have the routing number on that account?
Yes, it is lemme see two zero zero five six eight one zero zero.
Great, thank you so much. Alright, bear with me for just a moment here while I make some notes on the account.
Sure.
Thank you. OK Mrs. Roberts we are all set here. Your checking account was successfully closed as of September fifth two thousand twenty-one. Your balance was successfully transferred to your Mountain West bank account ending in zero three five one and that transfer process can take anywhere from about twenty-four to forty-eight hours but it's usually pretty quick. is there anything else that I can help you with?
thank you actually I did have one question.
Oh absolutely.
I was wondering if you could tell me whether I will have any additional fees. Will I owe anything more to you guys?
let me take a look here. You shouldn't but let me just check, OK?
Thank you.
Alright, so no. It looks like there will be no additional fees on your account. it is closed effective now.
Wonderful. Thank you so much.
You are so very welcome Miss Roberts. Again, I want to thank you for being a valued Intellibank customer . We are very sorry to see you go but I wish you the best with your move and hopefully we could help you again sometime in the future.
Thank you so much.
You have a wonderful day.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Dante, how can I help you today?
Yes, I was calling in. I wondered a couple things but first, I just wanna make a transfer from my savings account over to my my loan account.
OK. I'll be more than happy to assist you with making a transfer today. to start off but I do need to verify some information, however. Right. So can you start by giving me your full name and your date of birth, please?
yes. My name is Wu Nelson. My date of birth is ten, nine, nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you very much, Mr. Nelson, for that information. can you go ahead and verify the last four digits of your social security number for me, please?
It is zero seven six four.
Thank you. All right, and what is the account number that you want to your savings account that you want to make the withdrawal from?
yeah, that account number is three nine five seven two two seven nine four seven dash one.
Thank you very much. Let's see here. All right, though that did not pull up anything for me.
hold on. Maybe I got that wrong. Let's see. it's three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven dash one. Yeah, sorry about that.
It's OK. Let's see here. So that was three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven dash one?
Yes, that's correct.
OK. All right, here it is. Yep, I do have the account information up. All right, and what account did you wanna transfer into.
My my auto account my other it's the account is seven three nine four three zero five eight five seven.
All right. Let's see here. Is this seven nine or seven three nine four three zero five eight five seven? All right. Yep, I do have that account here. And how much did you wanna transfer today?
Yeah, I'll like to transfer three hundred and fifty dollars.
OK. All right. Well, it's showing that your savings account balance, you do have nine hundred sixty-two dollars and thirty-seven cents available . All right, and I will transfer that over into your other loan account. Now your auto account as of right now has four thousand three hundred fifty dollars and seventy-two cents. All right. So I want to make that transfer, gimme one second here, of three hundred and fifty dollars. All right. So now your account balance is, on your title account or your auto loan account, is seven thousand dollars and thirty-one cents and in your savings account that you transferred from, you now have a balance of seven hundred and twenty-three dollars and nineteen cents.
Oh! Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. Well, that is
You are more than welcome, is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes. actually, I want to dispute some charges.
OK. sorry to hear that you have to dispute some charges but I'll be more happy to take a look and see what's going on. What what what charges what account do you wanna dispute the charges on?
yeah. It's my checking account is the account number is three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven.
Thank you. see here. All right. So I do have that account up. So what I'm gonna need from you, I'm gonna need the the date of the transaction and then the dollar amount, please.
OK. So the date of the transaction. See here, lemme look on here.
Oh! Just give me one moment, I had it here somewhere. Oh, here it is. All right. So the total amount, five hundred dollars, and it's the the the the first one was on nine twenty so which one here twenty-one and the amount was a hundred and twenty-five dollars.
OK. So you said nine twenty twenty-one for a hundred and twenty-five dollars, OK. Yep, I see that one.
OK, and the next one was on nine twenty-one for a hundred and twenty-five dollars, nine twenty-two for a hundred and twenty-five dollars, and nine twenty-three for a hundred and twenty-five dollars.
All right. So you said nine twenty, nine twenty-one, nine twenty-two, and nine twenty-three? each day for a hundred and twenty-five dollars?
Yes, that's correct.
All right, let's take a look here. All right. Yep, I do see each of those transactions here. All right. So. All right. So I do see them. Oh yeah. So that equals five hundred dollars. All right. and you do not. remember you did you didn't list the reason that you're disputing these transactions.
I don't. I didn't make. I don't remember making no hundred and twenty-five dollars every day for four days in a row. I don't have anything, I don't I can't think of any subscriptions or any payments that I made. I I just. I don't remember doing it.
OK. I I completely understand. You know I'm sorry that this has happened but I'll be more than happy to, you know, submit this up for a dispute. So let me go ahead and explain what will happen at this point, OK?
OK, sure.
All right. So what we're gonna do, we gonna go ahead and and submit this for a dispute, all right? submit they'll be investigated. All right, the investigation can take up to thirty days. Now, in the meantime, what'll happen is, we'll freeze this we'll freeze this amount and we'll also freeze the the card that's linked to it, OK?
OK, yes. That's perfect.
All right. Now. So would you like me to send you out a new card?
Oh yes, that'd be great.
All right, Let's see here. So what I'm gonna need. just go ahead and verify your address for me, please.
All right, it's three five one two Snyder Avenue, Newark, New Jersey, zero seven one zero one but you had that already, didn't you?
I did. Yes, I I just needed you to verify it for me. All right. So that was three five one two Snyder Avenue, Newark, New Jersey, zero seven one zero one.
Yes, that's correct.
All right, perfect. So I'll go ahead and get another card ordered. It'll take about five to seven business days in order for you to receive that card but in the meantime, the account will still be active but the card that's associated with the account will not and the five hundred dollars will be on a freeze, all right? So It is not gonna go anywhere. We're not. We're gonna stop it but you're not gonna have access to those funds until the investigation is completed, OK?
OK, yeah. I understand.
All right, perfect. Now. So I went ahead and got that submitted. So I guess that it'd take within to thirty days but it you know it can take a lot less than that but once it's completed, what we'll do, we'll go ahead and get in contact with you and you know, let you know what's what's what's going on with the account. Now, I'm sure we have all the email and all the mobile numbers for you and home phone, which way would like to be contacted?
you could just send me an email.
All right, and the email that we have on file is I A M T H E W U N at Gmail dot com?
Yes, that's correct. I am the Wun. W U N at Gmail dot com, get it? I like that.
Yeah, that's pretty good. I like that too. W U N. That's your initials, correct?
Yeah, it sure is.
All right, that's clever. All right. So let's see here. All right. So I went ahead and. so here's what I've done, I've transferred the three hundred and fifty dollars out of your savings account and put it into your auto loan account, all right? Then I I just submitted it for investigation, those four charges of a hundred and twenty-five dollars each that happened on September the twenty-first through September the twenty-third, all right? so that will be investigated. Oh, I'm sorry. September twentieth through to twenty-third and was there anything else at all that I can do for you?
just one more thing. is there any way that I can access this online as opposed, or on my phone, have to calling in all the time?
Absolutely. we we have both options available, actually three options, you can go online on your computer you can go on your mobile phone or you can actually call in. If you'd like I can send you information on all three options that you do have in order to set up both online banking and mobile banking as well as calling in. If you prefer, you can make changes to your account you know, make transfers between accounts, you can dispute charges.
yes, that'd be awesome, thank you.
All right, I'll go ahead and send that to the same email address that we have on file. All right. So, you should get that in the next fifteen twenty minutes and if you have any questions at all, please be free and just give us a call. We will be more than happy to assist you as you know, getting that set up.
Oh! That's perfect. Thank you so much.
Well, you are quite welcome. Was there anything else at all that I can get done for you today?
I really appreciate your time.
You are more than welcome and thank you for calling Intellibank, you have a great day, OK?
OK, thank you.
You're welcome, goodbye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alysha. How can I help you today?
Hi Alysha. I was actually calling to check the balance on my account.
I'll be happy to help you with that. First I will need some information to verify your account.
That's fine, Alysha.
I like the name Alysha. I have a good friend named Alysha. She's a very good friend, loyal friend.
Really?
That's really nice to hear we Alyshas are very loyal friends.
But let's get this information to see what's going on with your account and see how I can help you.
That's fine. What information do you need?
May I have your first and last name?
My first name is Amy. Last name is Morales.
OK, Ms. Morales, may I have your date of birth?
Yes, date of birth is October sixth nineteen eighty-five.
Thank you. And may I have your account number. And I will also need the city that you were born in, please.
Yes. Account number is two four six eight nine eight four nine zero. And the city that I was born in is Chicago.
Ms. Morales, are we checking on your savings or your checking account?
we're checking on only my checking account please.
Ms. Morales, are we going to be withdrawing any money today?
No money today. No, I'm not going to be withdrawing.
OK Ms. Morales, I'm going to double check your information to make sure I have everything correct.
Your name is Amy Morales. Date of birth is ten six eighty-five.
Your account number is two four six eight nine eight four nine zero. The city you were born in is Chicago.
And we're calling to check today the balance of your account on your checking. Is that correct, Ms. Morales?
Yes. All the information is correct. Thank you.
OK, thank you Ms. Morales for verifying your information.
OK, if you can please provide me with one moment while I pull up your account information.
Yes, take your time please.
OK Ms. Morales, thank you for holding.
So checking on your account balance, we have a balance of five hundred dollars on your checking account.
Is that the correct amount?
Yes. That sounds about right. Thank you for the information.
I also have another question. I would like to know if you can provide me with ATMs near my area?
Sure. I'll be happy to help you with that Ms. Morales. Let me look up ATMs near your area of living. If I may have your home address please.
Yes, home address is twenty-four twenty South Ramona Circle Tampa, Florida three three six one two.
OK, one moment please.
So I pulled two locations near you Ms. Morales. We have one by Fowler Avenue. It's actually inside a Wawa gas station.
And we also have another one. Bush Boulevard. It's near the mall plaza. Would you like the physical address of both location Ms. Morales?
No, thank you. I actually know exactly where those locations are located so I wouldn't need the address. But thank you for asking.
OK, Ms. Morales.
Is there any other accounts you would like me to check on?
Is there any other questions you may have for me or anything that I can help you with?
No, I think I have all the information I need. Thank you.
Great. Would you like some information on how to actually find a ATM on our online services?
No thank you. if I need that information then I will call back.
OK, Ms. Morales. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you, Alysha. You've been a great help. Thank you.
It was a pleasure talking to you Ms. Morales. I hope you have a great day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Lori, how may I help you?
yes. I'm calling today to try to find a branch that's in my area and also to have my the account balance checked.
Sure. what is the street address of the area that you are located in?
I'm at fifteen oh one Northeast Thirty-fourth Court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, three three three three four.
Oh! Fourth Lauderdale, how's the weather there?
Actually, it's really nice at the moment but I think it might start to rain later tonight.
Oh yeah, I hear it gets a lot of rain down South.
You're telling me, I've lived here all my life.
Well, up here where we are, it's getting pretty chilly. So I I'd love to have trade places with you, ma'am.
All right, let's do it.
All right, back to your request here. you said your ZIP code is three three three zero nine?
Nope, it's three three three three four.
Oh! I apologize. Three three three three four, and that is fourth Lauderdale, Florida?
Sorry about that. I see that we have a few locations in that area. the closest one to you is about two miles away at twenty-one twenty-two North Palm Road.
That's OK.
Then I have another one, three and a half miles at fourteen twenty East Oakwood Street. Both locations are open until five today and open at nine a.m. tomorrow.
OK, thank you for that information but I'm just curious if that's a little bit far for me to drive, can I have your advice on how to deposit cash or check into the account?
well, we do offer online banking, you can always take a picture of your check and deposit it into your account with our online banking tool. However, for cash, you would have to come in to our branch location, unfortunately.
Would you like some information on how to set up online banking?
Sure, thank you so much. I was gonna ask, what is involved in setting it up.
Well, all you need is your bank account number and you can either download our app or go online at Intellibank dot com, it will ask you for some personal information including your account number, you can check your balances from there, transfer money between accounts, pay bills, deposit checks anytime at your convenience.
OK, thank you very much. I'm sorry to bother you, gimme can you give me one second? I just have to check on something, I will be right back.
Sure, not a problem.
OK. Hi, I'm back. Thank you so much, I'm so sorry about that.
That's OK.
So, so you said for online banking, I need to either download or I can do it online with I can do it over the phone with you and get started with that?
well, you you can. I can get you set up with that. Sure, no problem ma'am.
Would you like me to go ahead and check your balance for you now?
Sure, that would actually be perfect. I am just gonna let you know and I'm not trying to be nasty. I said but I've already called once before and I was hung up on and it's taken me about an hour to finally get back through to you.
Oh jeez! I'm so sorry about that. I'm so sorry that your issue is not resolved in your previous call.
I can assist you though right now, I do apologize for the whole time.
I know how frustrating that can be.
Yes, I would really appreciate that.
Sure, may I start off by getting your first and last name?
Sure. It's Melissa Melissa Joseph. Do you need me to spell it for you?
Yes, please.
So, it's capital M E L I S S A last is Joseph J O E S P H.
S P H. OK got that. And what is your date of birth, Ms. Joseph?
February fourteenth, nineteen ninety-six.
Oh! Valentine's day baby.
Yes, I love it.
That must be a great birthday.
Yeah, I get double the presents and gifts and and love.
Great. And just for authentication purposes, I need to get either your account number or your driver's license number.
Sure. No, that's not a problem.
I can give you my bank account number, It is two three one.
Mhm.
Eight four zero one one four five three zero.
OK, you said two three one eight four zero one one four five three zero?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, perfect. And can I get the last four of your social security number?
Sure, no problem. It's one one four five.
One one four five.
OK.
All right, gimme one second here, I'm pulling up this information for you now.
Sure, not a problem. I don't mind waiting.
So sorry ma'am, my computer seems to be working a bit slow at the moment.
As long as it works this time, please.
OK, great. So, here we go. It looks like you currently have one thousand four hundred twenty-nine dollars in checking. Did you wanna know your savings account balance as well?
no, I just need the checking account balance.
OK, great.
And again, as far as online banking goes, you can go online to WWW dot Intellibank dot com or download our app from your app website app store on your cell phone.
OK, thank you so much. I appreciate all the information, I will do the best and get that stuff done so that I don't have to bother you guys anymore.
Oh! Not a bother ever ma'am. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that is it and I really appreciate all your help.
Thank you for calling Intellibank.
Again, my name is Linda, have a great day.
You too, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Heather. How can I help you today?
Hi. My name is Larry Billups and I'm calling to see if you guys have a local ATM machine nearby that I can get to? I need to buy my Aunt Donna a birthday gift.
All right, Mr. Billups. I sure can help you with that. Let me get a little information from you so that I can make sure I get you a few ATMs that are close by your location.
Sounds good.
Right. Could I get your street address, please?
yes yes yes.
Seven eighteen West Laus Peoria, Illinois.
OK. You said seven eighteen West Laus Street?
Yes.
OK.
and you stated the city was Peoria?
Yeah. Peoria, Illinois.
P E O R I.
R I.
Yes. P E O R I A.
OK. And the state was Illinois. Correct?
Yes.
Could I get the ZIP code, please?
Six one six oh two and my phone number is area code six six two nine three nine thirty-eight twenty-four.
All right. Thank you very much, Mr. Billups. Let me look up and see if we have any nearby ATMs.
OK. OK. So how's it going for you today?
Oh, it's going pretty good, sir. How is your day going?
It's
It's it's it's going well. It's going well. How's the weather. It's good?
Oh, it's pretty good down here. Nice and cool.
All right.
I'm waiting. I'm very happy that fall finally came.
All right. Me too.
OK, Mr. Billups. So it looks like we have a few ATMs close by. I'm only listing about two that are close to your location.
OK.
One is about a mile on your location on Meador Street.
in Peoria, Illinois at six one six oh two.
You said Meador Street?
Yes, sir. Meador.
M E A D O R.
OK.
OK.
The next location I'm seeing is on Francis Drive. It is one twenty-three Francis Drive
One twenty-three.
Yes, sir.
I write kinda slow. You have to bear with me.
That's no problem, Mr. Billup.
All right.
One twenty-three. You said Francis?
Yes. F R A N C I S.
OK. All right.
OK and that ZIP code is six one six oh three.
Six one six oh three.
In Peoria.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Yeah.
And it looks like those are the only two that are available at our branch.
I do have a ATM that's close to those branches about two miles if you wanted to try that one. It's with the a different bank. Farmington Bank of Illinois.
OK. Can I have that information?
Yes, sir. It's at two forty-nine.
two forty-nine.
Bartlett.
B A R T L E T T.
Can you spell that one more time?
B A R T L E T T.
OK.
Avenue.
In Peoria, Illinois at six one six oh four.
OK. Six one six oh four. I got that.
All right.
mhm. Oh and yes, sir. I don't know if I gave you the first few numbers for Meador Street. It was actually twenty-four Meador Street. on that first. Yes, sir.
Twenty-four Meador Street?
Oh OK. I see it.
thank you for that.
It's no problem.
OK.
All right, Mr. Billups. Would you like to know some information about online banking in case you don't feel like going to those locations? You could just use a debit card. I know you have one with our bank. We usually issue them. say you want some information about online banking, I can give you that. That way you can check your account or set up a new account online to get.
I think. I think I'm. I think I'm good.
OK, Mr. Billups.
would that be all for you today, sir?
yes. Yes and you was a very big help to me. So thank you.
Oh, thank you, sir.
I hope your daughter enjoys her gift.
And again, my name is Heather. I hope you have a good rest of of your day.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Casey Watkins. How may I help you?
Yes, my name is Wilbur Johnson, and I'm trying to find my check account. And also the newest branch.
OK. And I'm sorry, did you say your first name is Wilbur?
Yes, Wilbur. W I L B U R. Last name is Johnson.
OK.
OK, perfect. All right, Mr. Johnson, thank you so much. And just to let you know, this call is being recorded on a secured line, and again, my name is Casey Watkins, and my number is eight two five seven one four.
All right. Thank you.
all right, Mr. Johnson could I. Before I pull up your account information, can I please get you to verify the last four of your Social Security number?
Yes, it's seven two one eight.
OK, and what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is January second nineteen sixty-two.
Ooh, almost a New Year's baby.
Yeah.
OK, thank you so much for that information And, And you said you were trying to locate your checking account? what were you. what information were you wanting from it?
I just wanted to know my balance.
OK. Your balance? OK, perfect. OK, so before I pull that up can I please get you to answer you security questions that we have on the account? I have two questions. the first one is what state were you married in?
Florida.
OK, and then the second one is, what was your mother's maiden name?
Jackson.
OK. Perfect, thank you so much. All right, so I have you account pulled up here. And OK, so I see that you have a business and a personal checking account with us. so which account were looking for the balance, or for both?
It was for my business.
OK. OK, perfect. let me get that pulled up. And that is Flowers by Johnson?
Yes.
OK. Awesome. Are you a florist?
I am. I might send you some flowers if you do it ribye bye. If you me a good job.
That would be awesome.
Yup.
I love I love Hawaiian flowers. Do you have any Hawaiian flowers?
I'm more than certain that I can get them.
Very nice. OK, so I see this account and it looks like your current balance is forty-seven thousand six hundred and twenty-one dollars and seventeen cents.
OK, that matches up. That matches up.
OK. Perfect. How long have you had your business?
Oh, I just started about ten years ago. Something that on the side when my wife passed away and something just for me to do and just been having fun doing.
Oh, that's so sweet. N~.
Thank you.
I'm sure you have given her a beautiful memory.
Yes.
That was beautiful. lets see here. and then I'm sorry, Michael, you had also asked me another question other than your account balance?
Yeah, I was asking for a nearby branch?
Oh, OK. Yes, perfect. OK, so I see that your your business is actually located in Irving, Texas, Is that. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, and is that where you were looking for a branch?
Yes. Yeah. I'm looking to expand my business, so I wanted to see if I could come in and talk about getting a business loan.
Absolutely. Yes, we definitely have commercial bankers in all of our branches that would be able to help you with that.
All right. Thank you.
so I was going to say you're actually in luck because we don't have as many branches in the Texas area, but there actually is a Intellibank branch in the Irving area.
Oh.
Amazing. Amazing.
so it looks like it is in Irving off of Highway one eighty-three, if you're familiar with that?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. OK. So, perfect. So, yeah, it looks like they are they would be open until six p.m. today and we should have our commercial lenders there as well until six p.m. and then of course next week we would be open from nine to six everyday, because we actually have extended hours to make it a little bit easier for people to make it if they can't make it by five.
Oh that is awesome.
and so I have If you have a pen ready, I can give you the specific address for the branch.
I'm ready.
OK. then it is five four six.
Five four six.
South.
South.
Highway eigthy-three.
Highway eighty-three.
I'm sorry. One eighty-three.
Highway one eighty. OK, that.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I was going to correct you.
Don't worry You missed it. I love correcting, Miss.
Yeah, missing a number.
That's OK, Miss .
Oh OK, and then that is in Irving, Texas?
Yes.
And that's seven five zero four one.
Yes.
OK. You got that?
I got it.
OK. Awesome. OK so I believe that that's all the information you needed from me. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it. Just and just stay blessed. I appreciate you.
OK. No problem. All right Mr. Johnson, have a wonderful rest of your day and weekend. And thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose how can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I need some help with I need to send money to someone.
You need to send money? OK, so you need to make a wire transfer?
yes, that's exactly right.
All right, I can certainly help you with that today. And bear with me just one moment. Hold on I have to get into my screen here. OK, now you said your first name is Kim and can I have your last name, please?
Sure, it's Johns J O H N S.
Thanks, Kim. And also your date of birth.
that's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much, hun. And can I have the account number that you would like to make the transfer from?
sure holbye bye. Hold on one second I thought I had it right here, give me one second Rose.
Sure take your time.
OK. OK, I have my checking account ready.
All right, go ahead.
It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. And are you transferring this to someone else's account in our bank or in another bank?
sending it to someone else's account. that is also a Intellibank customer.
Intellibank?
Oh yes, I meant I'm sorry Intellibank customer.
That's OK.
People make that mistake all the time it's no worries. I sometimes myself and I work here. All right, so, I would need the number that you transferring to the account number.
Sure. OK, let me see here. OK, I have his account right here. and his account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
Awesome, thank you so much. All right, and I have one more question from you for you. what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Davies D A V I E S.
OK, and the dollar amount that you would like to transfer?
Is five hundred dollars, please.
OK, five hundred dollars. All right, bear with me just one moment while I set this up for you.
Sure no problem. How's your day been going?
Oh, it's been wonderful, thank you so much for asking. How about you?
it's been going pretty well I would say, it's been nice weather around here and I absolutely love the fall season. I love when the trees change and, you know, you can start busting out the hoodies and have some some bonfires and, you know, enjoy that good outdoor weather without it being too hot. So.
Oh my goodness, I love love love a bonfire and speaking of it being too hot. I'm in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and it has been hotter. I. I don't even know what to say about the heat this. This year. Last year was hot too but this year has just been insane. Like you're sweating the moment that you walk out the door, just fresh out of the shower and you're sweating. It's insane yes, however today was really nice. finally, it's starting to feel a little more like fall. We don't really get as nice of a fall, you know, with the leaves changing and everything like you do up there but I'm just happy that it's not gonna be so hot anymore.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Yeah, it's nice down there. I. We vacation often in Myrtle Beach So, yeah.
Oh, yeah? Nice,
Nice. what part of the beach do you stay on?
normally up north. Cherry Grove in that area.
Oh I love Cherry grove.
Yeah, it's really pretty up there.
It is and it's so quiet and it's it's really different from the actual beach, you know, down here in Myrtle. I'm actually in Murrells Inlet but Myrtle Beach itself, it could be set up in like three different sections, you know. It's not the same, it's much more rowdy and, you know it it's not as vacationy as or what I think of as a vacation down in Myrtle Beach. It's far too overcrowded. There's a lot of, you know, young kids and stuff but Cherry Grove is very chill very laid back super nice. So, I think that's a great place to vacation.
Right.
Right.
Yeah, we love it. We sure do.
That's awesome. All right Miss Johnson, want to let you know that I did the the transfer is successful. And you should be receiving a confirmation email here just a few seconds from me.
OK.
showing you that and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Nope, that's everything. Thank you so much I actually just saw the email come through. So looks like we're all good.
Fantastic.
Awesome, thank you so much. well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank and we value your loyalty and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day, Miss Johns.
Thanks, you too hun.
Thank you bye.
Bye bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alice. How may I assist you today?
Hi. How are you today? How was your Valentine's Day?
I'm great. Thank you so much for asking. I actually had a great evening out with my family last night. I hope yours was good as well.
Actually, it wasn't the best, and it's part of the reason I'm calling. I planned a nice surprise dinner out for my husband and myself, my treat. But when I went to pay, my debit card was declined. So, he ended up paying for his own, surprise. It was very embarrassing. I need to check my last five transactions. I should have had enough to cover our dinner.
Oh my goodness. I am so sorry to hear that happened to you and I would be more than happy that information for you. May I have your first and last name please?
Mildred, Pierce. P I E R C E.
Thank you so much for that Ms. Pierce. Now, may I have your date of birth?
February four two thousand, and the the last four of my social is five nine six oh. My maiden name is Greene. G R E E N E.
OK, great. Thank you so much for that information, Ms. Pierce, and just to double check. Your birth date is February fourth, two thousand, the last four of your social is five nine six zero, and the answer your verification question of your maiden name is Greene. Is that correct.
Yes ma'am.
OK, great. Thank you so much for that information Ms. Pierce. Now, this is for your checking account. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, and may I have the account number please?
I'll have to look. Can you give me a minute?
Absolutely. Just let me know when you're ready.
My account number for my checking is zero zero zero, seven nine three three one.
OK, thank you for that. And that was zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
Yes ma'am.
OK, great. Give me just one moment while I pull up your transaction history.
OK, here we go. Now, it looks like on February the thirteenth, there were four different transactions. Now, two were in the amount of thirty-five dollar apiece, and unfortunately they were both overdraft fees. Now the third transaction, was a check in the amount of ninety-eight dollars and eleven cents, and the fourth was another check in the amount of eleven dollars and seventy-eight cents. And then the day before that, on February the twelfth, I do have a ACH Debit in the amount of fifty-five ninety-nine.
So, seventy dollars was in overdraft fees?
Yes ma'am.
I think I'd just like to close my account. These fees are too much.
OK, Ms. Pierce. I would be happy to assist you with that as well, but first, I do wanna make sure that you know, we offer an overdraft protection program, and it's only twenty dollars a month. Would you be interested in finding out a little bit more information about that program?
No thank you. I'd just like to close my account.
OK, Ms. Pierce, no problem. Now, is this the only account you would like to close today?
Yes. It's the only account I have with Intellibank.
OK, now just for verification purposes, may I have that account number again please?
Zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK, thank you Ms. Pierce. And the reason you would like to close this account is due to overdraft fees?
Yes. These overdraft fees are getting too expensive!
OK, thank you Ms. Pierce. Now, where would you like me to send the remaining balance to? I'm showing that your remaining balance is thirteen dollars and twenty-six cents.
My husband and I have a joint account. That will be all right?
Yes, absolutely. I will be happy to go ahead and get that transfer set up for you. Now, is this a checking or a savings account.
It's a checking account, with Mercyside Bank.
OK, now may I have that routing number as well as the account number, please?
The routing number is six oh one, four nine nine eight three two. The account number is zero zero zero, nine zero three five two three.
OK, I have the routing number as six zero one four nine nine eight, three two. And the account number is zero zero zero nine zero three five two three. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK, great. Thank you. Now, I do have your account balance of thirteen twenty-six set to transfer and that should show up in your joint account in two to three business days. And your checking account closing is effective immediately. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today, Ms. Pierce?
No, that's it.
OK, well we are very sorry to see you go, Ms. Pierce. Have a wonderful day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Dante. How may I help you?
yes, hi I'm calling in I wanted to make a transfer from my checking account over to my savings account.
OK, I'd be more than happy to assist you with making a transfer from your checking account over to your savings account today. In order for me to access your account. I will need to verify some information. So please can I have your first and last name, as well as your last your date of birth please?
Yeah it's Wu Nelson, and my date of birth is ten nine nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you very much Mr. Nelson for that information All Right and looks like you are your account does have a a passcode on it, so could you go ahead and verify that passcode for me?
well shoot I can't remember what that is. give me one moment here. Did I set up a question?
Oh yes you sure did. It's your mothers maiden name.
Oh, OK that's Lewis.
Thank you very much. All Right, so I do have your account explicit here. All Right so You said you want it move it from your checking account over to your savings account that's correct?
Yes, that's correct.
All right good. Now can you go ahead and verify your checking account number?
yeah it's three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven.
Thank you, let me just confirm that that's three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven?
Yes, that's correct.
Thank you.
Can you also can you just tell me what my balance is on that account? And then also I I need to know what my you know how long it'll take for it to transfer, and and if I have any you know limits. On you on how many times I can transfer.
All Right Mr. Nelson absolutely. I'd be more than happy to answer those questions for you, so I have the balance on your checking account is nine hundred thirteen dollars and seventy-two cents. All Right and once I make the transfer actually it'll happen immediately. As soon as I do the transfer and there's no limit on the amount of times you can transfer from your checking into your savings account. However there is a limit on how many times you can transfer from your savings into your checking account. All Right so that is a limit of six times per month. All Right so basically every thirty to thirty-one days. That is six times a month that you can transfer from your savings into your checking. Now That's the only limit. Now in order to transfer from your checking into your savings there is a dollar amount limit. So the dollar amount is twenty five hundred dollars per day that you're allowed to transfer. And there's no limit on the amount of days that you do that transfer.
Oh OK perfect thank you so much.
You are more than welcome. All right so, looking at your savings account I do see you only have the one savings account. So I'm showing but it's ends in seven nine four six is that correct?
Yes that is correct.
Perfect. All Right so I went ahead and transferred that three hundred dollars out of your checking into your savings account. So your checking account balance now is six hundred thirteen dollars and seventy-two cents . And then your savings account is twelve hundred nineteen dollars and thirty-nine cents.
Oh, perfect thank you so much.
You are quite welcome. Now Mr. Wu before you go have you Have you heard about our online banking? where you can go online and and transfer funds to yourself? twenty-four hours a day seven days a week or one from the comfort of your home, or you know just from your mobile phone as well.
No I haven't heard about that.
All right well let me go ahead and explain like I said it's it's you can set it up online. And you create a username and the password, and once you log in you'll have access to all of your accounts that you have through us. Your checking accounts savings account you know if you have any loans through us or auto payments auto loans, personal loans anything like that. You can transfer funds in between your accounts. You can make online payments you can check for ATM locations. You can look for branch hours and and locations. As well as plethora of other things you can you can do. if you want what I can do is go ahead and send you an email out over to you. with a list of frequently asked questions as well as instructions on how to set that up.
yes could you do that? That'd be awesome thank you so much.
I sure will. Now I do show that the email address that we have on file Let me just Let me just verify that it's I A M T H E W U N at Gmail dot com?
Yes that's correct. I am the Wun at Gmail dot com.
Perfect thank you so much. All Right so I went ahead and sent that email out to you. You should receive it within the next fifteen to twenty minutes. Now once you get that email. If you open it on your phone and and in your on the email if you click on the link it'll actually take you to the app store to download the application and then complete the set up process. If you open it up onto your computer and click the link it'll actually open up the web page for you. And then it'll just You know follow the instructions it'll give you step by step on exactly the information you that you need. You will need you know your name your date of birth account number yeah just your primary account account as well as your address, and phone numbers and just you know all that normal information that you'd need. Now with setting that up with a password, like I said you may want to look at one of those password protectors. Or a password vault that they have available some are free, some cost money. But that way it'll help you keep all your passwords you know stored in the same place and secure.
Oh, perfect that that would be awesome. Yes I'll I'll go ahead and look into that that's it I think that's all I need.
All Right Mr. Nelson well I do want to thank you for calling Intellibank, and you have a great day.
Thanks, you too.
Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
Yes, my name is Kevin Webster, and I would like to actually close an account and then transfer the remaining balance to another account I have with y'all.
OK sure, Mr. Webster. I can definitely help you out with that. just to let you know this call is being recorded on a secured line and for the record, my name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
OK.
for me to be able to access your account. can I please get the last digit of your social security number?
Seven two two seven.
OK perfect, and Mr. Webster what is your date of birth?
August thirty nineteen sixty-eight.
OK perfect. Thank you so much. And now I see OK so yeah, you do have multiple accounts with us. so I see that you have two different checking accounts and three savings accounts. which are which account were you wanting to close and transfer?
the the checking account that has the lowest amount.
That has the lowest amount. OK. OK. So In order to access that information let me get you to answer the security that we have on file. what was the model of your first car?
Yes.
OK.
It was a Nissan Pathfinder.
OK, Pathfinder. OK yes. OK, that I see the account now. All right so I see yeah, I see you've one checking account ending in oh oh seven four and you have one that's ending in nine six four one. it looks like the account that ends in oh oh seven four has an account balance of three hundred and four dollars and seven cents. and then the one ending in nine six four one has ten thousand and forty-two dollars in it. So, I'm assuming the one in oh oh seven four is the one you would like to close.
Yes. Yeah is that I what I forgot about it. Until recently I got a statement in the mail and two I I don't use it often. So you can go ahead and just close it.
OK sure. Well, I guess this is extra money that you forgot about.
There you go.
that's always a pleasant day. OK. So, we have OK. So oh oh seven four. All right so what I'm going to do is I can go ahead and transfer the money. over to the other account. However, in order to completely close the account, I will have to get you to to actually sign something to make sure that it is you. so we can. we we actually do have the ability now to do this electronically. if that would be easier for you, then you need to insinuate. You don't need to worry about coming into a branch.
OK great yeah. It'll be awesome to do it electronically.
OK. OK, so so yeah let me go ahead and execute the transfer of the money and just give me one moment.
OK. OK perfect. OK so I see now I've transferred that money to your account ending in nine six four one. And then that money should appear in there immediately since it was an account to account transfer within the same bank. So when you log into your account you should see that as of right now. I don't see your balance.
OK.
And then. Absolutely. And then your so what I need you to do is verify your email address that is on file.
Appreciate it.
mhm.
And then what I can do is send you this DocuSign information. to will be paper to say to close your account the one that ends in end in oh oh seven four.
OK.
so what is your email address?
Three the number three six zero.
mhm.
Leader L E A D E R. Dot Gmail dot at Gmail dot com.
OK, perfect. let me read that back to you. That's three six zero leader L E A D E R at Gmail dot com.
Yes.
OK, perfect. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get this form all typed up in our DocuSign system and then I'll send this over to you. Expect to see this within about an hour in your email and so then whenever you get that filled out you can just go ahead and hit submit on the DocuSign and that will submit the document back to me and I can get your account closed. And then you will receive an email notification that confirming that your account has been officially closed.
Oh I appreciate you, thank you.
Yeah absolutely, is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Not at all. You've done you've done an amazing job.
Well perfect, I appreciate you for saying that. well, I hope you have a wonderful day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jannah. How may I assist you today?
Hello Jannah. I'm calling to check my account balance please. My sister was in town last week for her birthday and I think I may have written down the amount of her birthday gift wrong. I just want to make sure I have my account balance properly.
OK. I'd be happy to assist you with that today. May I have your name please?
Pierce, Mildred Pierce.
OK and Pierce, is that P I E R C E?
Yes ma'am.
OK wonderful. Now for verification purposes may I please have your date of birth and either your driver's license number or your state ID number please?
I was born February fourth two thousand.
OK and either your license number or your state ID number?
I don't have my license with me can I go to the car and get it?
Absolutely. Just let me know when you're back.
All right thank you.
Are you are you still there?
Yes ma'am. I'm sorry I took so long.
Oh that's not a problem.
My license number is five seven six one eight three three one three.
OK that was five seven six one eight three three one three?
Yes ma'am.
OK and what state is that?
Georgia.
OK wonderful. Thank you for that information Miss Pierce, and finally for your verification question may I have your maiden name?
Greene. G R E E N E.
All right wonderful. Thank you so much for that information Miss Pierce. Just one moment while I pull up your account.
So how has your summer been so far?
it's been great so far. Thank you for asking. about ready for this heat wave to be over though. It has been so hot around here lately.
Yes same here. I think it's supposed to rain this weekend. Maybe that'll help.
I sure hope so. OK Miss Pierce I do have your account pulled up. Now, may I have the account type for the account you would like to be checking the balance for?
It's for checking account number zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK that was a checking account account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes.
All right wonderful. Thank you so much Miss Pierce. Let's see that I'm showing the current balance is nine hundred twenty-four dollars and eighty-two cents.
Nine twenty-four eighty-two?
Yes ma'am that is correct.
OK and I could also could you also check the balance on my savings?
Absolutely. Let's see your savings account balance is at two hundred fifty-two dollars and twelve cents.
Two fifty-two twelve?
Yes ma'am that is correct. And also just to let you know, we do have a free online banking that you can easily use to check your balances. You can check your transaction history, and we also have other things like online bill pay and transferring money between your account. And you can do that anywhere at anytime at your convenience. Would you like me to give you some more information about this?
What is the website address?
It is WWW dot Intellibank dot com. Would you like any help in setting up your account right now?
No, no thank you. I almost forgot. My friend was telling about the money back card you offer. Could you tell me about that please?
OK Miss Pierce, we actually don't have a card that's called a money back card. we do have one that's a cash back card. Does that sound correct?
That's the one. How can I apply for it?
OK well, either I could help you with that application process right now or that is one of the many things that you can do on our online banking. Now with that card it's wonderful. It offers three percent cash back on all of your purchases and upon approval the APR is extremely low. It's only eight point nine nine percent. would you like to go ahead and start the application process today?
That's the one. How can I apply for it?
either I can help you with that right now on the phone or you can go online to our online banking and start the application process there.
I prefer to apply online if that's OK.
that is absolutely OK. Now again, the website address is WWW dot Intellibank dot com, and while you're on there if you have any problems whatsoever with the application process feel free to call us back. Now is there anything else that I could assist you with today Miss Pierce?
No not right now.
OK well thank you so much for choosing Intellibank Miss Pierce. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven, how may I help you?
yeah, my wife, she she's been driving on some bad tires and she ran over a nail or something and and blew out a tire. So, I need to see if I've got enough money to buy some new some new tires.
Alright well do you have a checking or savings account with us that I can check the balance for you?
I've got a savings account.
Alright well I can certainly look that up and help you see how much is in there. Can I get your first and last name, please?
Dan Thomas, T H O M A S, and my date of birth is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Alright, thank you Mister Thomas, and can I get the last four of your social, please?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you sir, and then if you can just verify the answer to your security question, what was the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
Thank you sir I've got that pulled up and I do see your savings account here, and you are just wanting to know the balance on that, is that correct?
Yes, the balance of my Intellibank savings account.
Yes sir, and that is your Intellibank savings account, correct?
Yes, Intellibank.
Alright. Thank you, sir. I see that you have an available balance there today of three hundred and fifteen dollars and twenty-three cents.
OK. What kind of interest rate am I getting on that account and is there a a monthly fee associated with that?
Yes, the the interest rate on that account is point zero zero one percent, annually. And there's a five dollar fee monthly a monthly maintenance fee of five dollars, if you have a balance below five hundred dollars.
OK, that should be enough to buy some tires. Are you married?
I'm not sir, I'm engaged, but not married yet.
OK, well I got some advice for you.
All right, sir, and what's that?
Have your wife be able to change a tire by herself before you allow her to drive.
Oh I can I can believe that, sir. Luckily my fiancee actually used to do amateur racing. So, she's pretty good at she's pretty good at mechanical things.
Oh, that's great. I I think anybody who tries to get a driver's license, they should be able to to change a tire and check their oil and and use some common sense.
Yeah, I I do believe that would go a long way to fixing some of the issues that there are on the road.
Yeah.
Alright, Mr. Thomas well is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything.
Alright, well if you'll hang on to the line for me there will be a brief survey that you can let us know how we did today and how we can better service you in the future, and if there's nothing else you need, then I will let you have a wonderful rest of your evening.
Alright, I do appreciate it. You have a good day as well.
Thank you, have a good one.
Good morning, Intellibank how may I help you?
Yes, I'm calling today about seeing if I can get a credit card.
OK, I can tell you which cards we have and see if you might be interested in one of them. We have a traveler's card, a platinum card, a gold card, a silver card, a cashback card, and a rewards card. Do any of those sound like something you might be interested in?
Platinum card sounds interesting.
OK. I will have to see if you qualify.
Especially if if the weather's nice so I can go shopping, you know if I can get one.
You. The weather is nice?
But yes. I need a give up my check balance.
You need to check your balance?
Check ba~
Yes.
On which account, sir?
On my checking please?
OK, what is your name?
It is John Smith.
OK, Mr. Smith. I also need your date of birth.
My date of birth is two, twelve eighty-six. And my social social security number is six two three one. And my email is John J R Smith eighty-six at Gmail.
OK. Thank you, sir. I didn't need all of that, but that's OK. I need a state ID if you have one. The number on your driver's license maybe.
Yes. It is S six two three, five six two, seventy-one, I mean, I'm sorry seventy-six, three eight oh zero.
OK, let me check that to make sure I got that right. It's S six two three, five six two, seven six three eight, zero zero?
Yes.
OK. Now, what is your account number, sir, please?
it is six four five eight two zero zero three suffix forty.
And the security questions, what is your mother's maiden name?
Adelman.
And how do you spell that sir?
It is A D E L A I mean M A D.
So that's A D L?
A D E L M A N.
OK. So that is A D E L M A N? That is your mother's maiden name?
Yes.
Thank you. And the name of your first pet.
Bob. A turtle.
OK. Thank you. And what was. What street did you grow up on?
I grew up on
Five two one.
North Orange Street.
So North Orange Street is your street you grew up on?
Yes.
Thank you. What type of account is this again?
This is my checking.
Checking account. OK. checking account number six four five eight two zero zero, three dash four zero, correct?
Yes.
The balance is three hundred dollars and forty-six cents. Is there another account you would like me to check on or anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes. I would like to know my savings, please.
And your savings account number, please?
It is four, I mean, sorry, six four five eight two zero zero, three suffix forty-one.
OK. On account six four five eight two zero zero three dash four one, your account balance is one thousand dollars and ninety-seven cents. Is there anything else that I might help you with today?
Yes, do you think you can send out an application for that platinum card?
Sure. I need your address please that you currently have.
It is
Well, would
You like me to email it? I can also email it.
Yes, please. That email would be nice.
OK. And what was your email address again?
It is J R Smith eighty-six at Gmail dot com.
OK, I can get that out for you no problem, sir, right now. anything else today that you would you like help of?
No, I believe that's it.
OK, sir. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, we are. Where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
yes, I'm trying to find out what my account balance shows.
OK. I can help you with that. So, you would like to find out what your account balance is.
Yes.
Could I please get your first and last name on. On that account or an account number?
I'm not sure what my account number is, but my name is Lisa Banner. It's spelled B A N N E R.
OK. Thank you, Miss Banner. do you prefer that I call you Miss Banner, or do you prefer I call you Lisa?
Lisa, please.
all right, Lisa. Can you also verify your date of birth and a social security number, please?
my date of birth is October eighth nineteen fifty-four. And hang on one second. I need to grab my social security card.
That's no problem Lisa, you just take your time.
Oh, OK. I found it. The number is five five four one one, nine seven five seven.
All right.
thank you for that information, Lisa. could you also confirm your home address me?
yes it's nine one one three two Fall Street in Calgary, Washington.
Right, that's perfect. Thank you. one last thing. There is a three digit number on the account for security purposes. It's a three digit pin. Could you tell me what that pin number is?
Oh. Oh, man. That would have to be my husband. Hold. Hold on one moment let me ask him.
Jeff.
Jeff.
What's the PIN on the account number at the bank? Jeff.
What was the PIN?
He he's telling me the PIN is six seven nine.
Alright.
Alright. Thank you Lisa. That is correct. That is your PIN number. I have your account information now. Which account would you like me to look at for you? Your checking, your savings, or your credit card?
I. I just need the balance for my checking account, please.
OK. Let me get that for you. Give me just one moment. While I'm looking that up, how is the weather in Calgary today?
It's. It's all right. It's a bit chilly but not terrible. Are you not in Washington?
That fall weather is starting to set in here, too. No. I'm actually. I'm located in the Missouri call center.
Oh, my. I thought all of the businesses were local here.
We actually have call centers all over the US , but you got me here in Missouri today. Alright, Lisa. I have that information for you. It looks like your checking account shows a balance available of nine hundred and eighty-seven dollars and forty-three cents.
You don't show anything is about to deposit, do you?
Let me take a look here, Lisa. I'm sorry Lisa, but I don't show any deposits pending right now. Were you expecting funds to be deposited into your account today?
Yes, my husband. He got a work check that was supposed to be direct deposited this morning. But we haven't seen anything in there and it's looks like it went through this morning based on his works end.
OK I understand. Let me look here again. Right now I do not see that deposit pending but it is possible that that deposit has been sent by your husband work and it's just not available in your account yet . Do you happen to have access to your account through our website?
Through your website?
Yes, yes Lisa. Intellibank offers an online banking that allows you to look up your account activity online . it's basically an online system where you can look up any kind of deposits or withdrawals that you may have. You can actually transfer checks or deposit checks through that system. if you have access to the internet, I can walk you through on how to set that up.
I have to do it through the Intellibank website you're saying?
Yes, Lisa. It's. It's on the Intellibank website. I think you've added an S in there accidentally and I just want to make sure that you get to that right site. it's Intellibank. I N T E L L I B A N K dot com is the address. Do you need me to help you walk through that?
OK. We don't really use the Internet, so I'd really rather not set that up.
OK, that's no problem Lisa. I understand. Intellibank has operators here Monday through Friday from eight a.m. to five p.m. and Saturdays and Sundays from eight a.m. to noon. If you'd like to call back during those hours, we'd be more than happy to keep checking your account for you again to see if that deposit has been made.
Alright. OK, thank you. I. I think I'll do that. I'll just give you guys a call back. Or if you have some kind of an automated system.
Yes, we do. We actually do, Lisa. We have an automated system that you can call directly. It's a system that you can call from our number, One eight hundred nine seven five two two one One. and that is a direct number that takes you to our Nelly system. She's basically an operator where you can put your account information in and she'll provide you that all automatically.
Alright?
Do you have any other questions for me today, Lisa?
no, I don't think so. Can you give me that phone number one more time?
Yes. It is one eight hundred nine five five, two two one one. All right? Anything else I can do for you, Lisa?
No thank you. I think I have everything, thank you.
You have a great day, Lisa and thank you for choosing Intellibank.
Hello. This is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hello. I'm trying to find my account number on the mobile banking app for Intellibye bye. How would I find that? I've been searching.
Yes ma'am. I would love to help you. Do you have the app open on your phone ma'am?
No sir. I'm going to open it right now.
OK.
OK. I have it open. Let me log in real quick.
No problem.
I'm logged in.
OK. Thank you. So when go in, so when you are signed into the phone, you will see a home screen. The home screen will just basically look like your account balance and the type of accounts that you have with us. However, on the bottom left hand side, there's going to be something there's going to be a tab called settings. Can you please tap on that for me?
Yes sir. I tapped on it.
OK. Thank you. When you click on settings, it's going to be categorized by personal information such as your address, your location funding, promotional deals. I would like for you to click on personal information.
OK. Let me look for it. I'm scrolling. Alright. I see it. I clicked on it.
OK. OK. And now that you clicked on personal information, it should be asking you for a PIN. This PIN will be the one that you used to create the account in the first place.
Yes sir. Let me enter it. Alright. I'm on the next screen. What do I do now?
Mhm K. Ma'am, now that you entered the PIN, it should on the bottom right-hand side. Your account number.
Oh yes. I see it. Thank you. Also, one more thing. I want to dispute a transaction on my account that was made on my credit card.
You're welcome.
Yes I can definitely help you with that. Can I get your first and last name?
Yes. My first name is Roshonda. My last name is Jackson.
OK. And can you please spell Roshonda for me?
Yes. R O S H O N D A.
Thank you. And Jackson is spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes sir.
K. Thank you. Can I get your date of birth?
My date of birth would be June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Yes ma'am. And can I also get your state issued ID number?
Yes. I'mma grab that real quick out of my purse.
OK. Just read it to me when you're ready.
OK. It's Z four C six four four S one G seven seven R.
And that is G seven seven R?
Yes sir.
OK. I'm going to just ask you a security question. And that is, what street did you grew up on?
I grew up on Claudia Drive.
Thank you so much ma'am. And what would be the type of account that you'll be trying to dispute this transaction on?
I want to dispute dispute transaction on my credit card. Yeah.
OK. Can I have the number for that credit card ma'am?
Yes sir. Let me get that real quick. The number will be seven five eight one two seven zero three zero zero three two seven nine seven five.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am. I'm just going to upload it right quick. Just give me a couple of seconds.
Yes sir. How was your weekend?
My weekend was good. I can't complain. The weather was sunny. I got to enjoy the Sun so. It's always good to enjoy our sunny and breezy days. How was how was yours?
It was pretty good. We had a cookout with some family.
OK.
OK. That's good. That's really good. OK. I love cookouts. OK. ma'am, can I ask how much was charged?
It was It's a charge. Let me go see real quick. I see for seven hundred eighty-nine dollars and forty-seven cent.
Mhm.
So, you said this was seven hundred eighty-nine dollars and forty-seven cents?
Yes sir.
OK. And also, when did when was the date that this happened on?
It says September twenty-sixth.
OK. And do you know where this where this happened at? did this happen at a store? Did this did this at line happen online?
Yes. It says it came from Walmart.
Mhm K. And was this in the store at Walmart or was this online?
It was an online transaction.
Mhm K. Thank you ma'am. And why are you looking to to dispute this transaction?
I just I'm not sure who made this transaction. I didn't do it. It's so much money. I don't I did not make this purchase.
OK. So you say you're not sure if you did this. Do you know if anybody else has access to your account? Could it be maybe your children, parents, grandparents, friends?
No. Nobody else uses this account, but me.
Mkay. Do you have a subscription at with Walmart?
No sir.
Mhm K. Did you let Walmart know about this in pacific? This transaction that happened?
Yes, but they said there's nothing they can do. They just told me to contact you guys, so.
OK. OK. So, OK. I am what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna we're gonna go ahead and start putting this investigation. It usually takes forty-five to sixty days to you know end this end to dispute this transaction. I would suggest that you look into closing this account. And what we will what we will do is we actually will, we will close this account for you. And we will freeze it to make sure no other transactions happen until this is fully investigated. So, with that being said, what I'm going to do is I'm going to just impute this into my system that this happened at Walmart online. And that you had a transaction of seven hundred eighty-nine dollars and forty-seven cents tooken out of your account. And I'm gonna go ahead and put that in. And I'm gonna go ahead and start the investigation as of today.
OK sir. Thank you.
No problem. Just give me a couple of seconds while I do that ma'am. OK. Yes ma'am. I have it into the system. an investigation is going for when this when this dispute did happen. Is there anything else that I could help you with today ma'am?
No sir. That'll be all.
OK. Thank you. Please call us again if you have any other questions. A survey will be at the end. Please answer the survey to let us know about your experience. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Tiffany. How can I help you today?
Yeah hey. my name is Benjamin Smith.
Hi, Ben. How can I help you?
Yeah I'm over at the west gate plaza. And your ATMs broken.
Oh, no. That. That's not good. I could help try. I can help to try to troubleshoot it if you'd like.
Are you getting any error messages?
No. I mean the things just It's not turning on. Like the screens blank, everything. Yeah I think it's completely broken.
OK. I will go ahead and I will get somebody out there to get. Take a look at that and hopefully get that fixed. I'm very sorry about this inconvenience.
we have another ATM nearby. It's about five miles down the road.
It's at eight oh nine Hanson Lane.
Oh. That's That's kinda. Kinda far. Let me check my GPS real quick.
Oh, no. Not with traffic the way it is midtown. hey what's the nearest branch?
Certainly. I can look that up for you. Just one moment here.
It looks like the nearest branch from that ATM is about a half mile down the road. And that address is twenty-six oh eight. Oak Road.
there's traffic. OK. Yeah. That. That'll work I guess.
Again Sir, I'm very sorry about this inconvenience.
I can offer you another couple branch locations. They are a little bit further out.
no, no. That's fine. That's fine. how late are you guys open till?
that branch is open until eight p.m..
OK. Yeah. I've got enough time then. I guess I can just catch it after work then.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, no. That's fine.
OK. Again I do apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for calling Intellibank.
You have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. This is Amy Jones from Intellibank. How may I help you, please?
Good afternoon, Amy. How are you?
I'm very well.
This is kind of embarrassing. You know
I think I may have misplaced or I think I may have lost my card. My credit card and I don't know how to call you guys to like know what to do next. You know. I know I must have lost it somewhere around where I went to. But, what do I do to get another one?
OK. can you give me the the date which you lost this card. When did you misplace the card, please?
this was like this was last week, Friday. I think the day was on the tenth. The tenth of September. Yeah. On the tenth of September. Precisely the time, the time is about like twelve midnight.
OK. OK. Can you give me like give me your basic information first? So I can know how to.
OK.
OK. What is your first and last name, please?
My name is Tony. Tony Brown.
Alright Mr. Brown. Can you give me your date of birth, please?
OK. February twenty-second nineteen eighty-nine.
Alright Mr. Brown Can I have your social security number?
Oh boy, I think. Just hold on a bit, please.
OK.
These things take time. You know. I don't know, I think I have it here somewhere.
Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Oh,
Oh, boy. Please hold on a second. OK.
Alright.
Because I really need this card back. I really need to
OK.
OK.
Oh, wow.
Found it! Yeah, I found it right now. See I misplaced it. I thought I misplaced it, imagine me. OK. The number is four zero two.
OK.
Six one four.
OK.
Zero zero five.
Alright.
Yeah.
I will have to ask you some security questions. Do you mind?
Go ahead.
can you give me the name of your first pet, please?
it's a dog. It's a Labrador, basically. It's David.
I named after my younger brother. Because he is so stubborn. You know what I mean? Just like the dog, man. It's fearsome, so strong. mhm.
All right, Mr. Brown Can you tell me the street you grew up in?
Yeah. I grew up in New York, actually. Oakwood. Oakwood, New York. Oakwood. Number three hundred Oakwood Street.
The name of the street.
OK. OK.
Yeah.
Al right.
can you give me the card number?
Wow!
Do I remember? I think I write it down somewhere. let me check. I think I write it down somewhere. I'm not too sure. OK. OK. Yeah, I remember I write it down somewhere. Yeah, that's good. The account I lost, number, right?
Yeah.
OK. that's four five four three two.
OK.
Six seven eight nine ten.
OK.
That's six seven eight, eight nine zero, you mean. Ten, that's one zero. OK.
You got that?
Yeah, I did.
And the last five is two one two two zero.
OK.
can you tell me how this card was misplaced, please?
Oh, man. Do you have to ask me that? I was in the club actually. I had a late night. You know. Went out with my friends. We are in the club. And were drinking and they, you know how it is, lots of activities going on. Lots of ladies, you know. We are drinking and all that and I actually wanted to pay and I found out that the card wasn't there in my pocket anymore.
We, I think with my wallet. So everything maybe when it was in the cab or it was in the taxi where we were going or it fell down in the club. I don't know, but I think that's where I misplaced it, or where I lost it.
Yeah no. That's the only, that's the place I went to. That's the last place I went to.
All right. So what's the last transaction you did with your card?
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, OK. Earlier that day, I went to the movies. and I, I bought some things, you know and then I went to the grocery store bought some things. I used the card. And then I got home and then I got ready for the party at the club and that was it.
OK. you're card has been canceled. I just confirmed that you're card has been canceled. And I just issued you a new one.
Ooh, thank God! So good.
OK.
Can you give me the address we can send your card to?
Yeah, send it to three hundred oak wood, New York.
OK.
Alright you'll, you'll receive a card on Monday.
Oh, OK. That's a working day. do you have a particular time where I could just got to the, any of your branches and get it?
OK.
OK. No, it will be, it should so you at your house.
Oh, wow! Oh, wow.
Thank you very much.
You can check our website and also activate the card or you can visit any of our branches to active the card when you get it.
Oh. Wow.
Wow.
OK. That was quick.
That's quick. I think I should come to your branch to like activate it because I really want to see you.
Alright. That will do just fine.
OK.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. And you have a lovely day.
You too. Thank you for banking with us.
Oh, bye.
Alright, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
Marsha Stevens.
how you doing today?
I'm doing OK, how about yourself?
I'm doing perfectly well. I'm up and having a nice lovely day.
Good.
can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
One one nineteen sixty. Oh you're a New Year baby.
Yes!
OK, OK.
Always a celebration.
There you go, there you go. Something to celebrate then. Alright, can I get your. For security purpose can I get your driver's license?
It's P G one three three three seven four eight.
OK. Alright and and also for security purpose can I get your email?
It's organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Organic peach peach as in like the fruit?
Fruit, yes.
OK. at Gmail dot com.
Yes.
OK, and what are we doing today Miss Stevens?
Well, I wanna open a checking account. I have a savings but I wanna open up a checking account.
OK. Wanna open up a checking account?
Yes.
OK, we can do that for you.
Great.
same name on the account?
Yes.
Yes.
OK. Alright. How you doing today?
I'm doing great. I'm doing great.
That's good that's good.
Doing a I'm doing wonderful. Beautiful day. Get to shop.
Oh that's where that checking account's going to. That's where it's going to. OK. Secret's safe with me.
Yeah.
Alright. and would you like to transfer any money within that checkings account?
Yeah I'mma go ahead and put about three hundred in there.
Three hundred and that's from.
Yes.
From my savings.
Yes.
From your savings. Can I get you to confirm your savings account?
Yes, it's A A zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK, OK. And that would be three hundred?
Yes.
OK.
See somebody getting prepared for the holiday season.
Oh, yes.
Oh yes. I'm ready. I'm ready.
least some some of us are still out there in these trying times.
Yeah. Yeah. My mom used to always do this every year. Every year we shop, do the November sales, get out there and have fun.
Oh yeah. Tradition is always good. Some. It's like a fleeting thing now. Nobody wanna keep tradition anymore.
Oh, yes.
No. No.
OK. Well Miss Stevens it seems like we got your account up and ready. have you got a pen and paper?
Yes I do.
OK. checking account number A A two two one zero zero four three five five nine eight.
Alright.
OK we'll also give you a email for confirmation and everything else. I see you are.
Oh, great.
Now when will I get my checks? Will they be mailed, or?
No you can get them completely deposit. just make sure you give. Do you have a a app? Our app? OK, and just on there, just give your employer the router number and the account number.
Yes.
OK.
And it they should go directly within there. do you need your account balance?
yes please.
OK. For your savings account we have five thousand two hundred and eighty seven dollars and seventy-five cents.
All right.
OK. OK.
Mkay.
Yeah seems like that's that's. Is there anything else I can do for you Miss Stevens?
No, that's about it.
All righty then.
That's about it. I'mma.
Start my day and and go shopping.
Well you have fun with that. All right. All right. Well, you have a lovely day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
I will.
OK. Thank you for all your help.
No problem.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Andrea. How can I help you?
I I got a I got I got a issue. And and like, I don't even really know what it is. I just got. I got I got this thing in the mail. And it said urgent. Like man. What is urgent? what you mean urgent? So I figured I'd call the number on the back of the letter. And then I get you.
All right. And who am I speaking with?
This is Danny Carlson.
All right, Danny. And it looks like we have a few Danny Carlsons in our system. I'm just gonna need your date of birth to choose the right one.
No.
Seven six fifty-nine.
All right, Danny. And I'm just gonna need your. Either your credit card number, your checking account number, or some sort of ID number to verify you with.
Mm. Mm. Well Let me see. I got I got some stuff on this paper here. how about this one? It's one one four twenty-one.
OK. All right. And it's not looking like anything's pulling up.
That that might be the date the letter was printed.
All right.
Let me keep looking.
Danny, if you're looking for any kind of verification number, try the upper right-hand corner of the paper. Usually it has a big long number, about eight to ten digit number.
wow yeah look at that guy. Wow. You ain't kidding, that's a big one.
All right, go ahead.
All of it?
Yep. Hit me with that number.
All right, you got your pen and paper ready? Cuz it's long.
I got my computer ready to go.
All right. Here we go. It's three four five two eight nine seven six one one zero.
Let's do this.
All right. And, Danny, it looks like with have a security question here.
Ugh.
OK, and what is your favorite food?
My favorite food? Man. Was that before the incident or after? Cuz like it changed, you know I I. Things are different now. You know, my food just kind of gets shoved right into my stomach, you know. And so now, you know apple sauce tastes the same as crab. I don't taste nothing no more. I don't have a favorite food, actually, I hate eating. I don't even like eating no more, you're gonna ask what my favorite food is. But now, if we're talking before the incident, well, man, it prolly would have been Smucker's Jelly.
Smucker's Jelly?
Yeah.
All right.
That stuff used to be really good. You could put it on anything. Toast.
Danny, it looks like that is the incorrect answer.
No I don't know how that could be the incorrect answer. I been. some sometimes. Sometimes, I I eat a spoonful of Smucker's Jelly and just run it around in my mouth and spit it back out. Just so I can taste it. oh, try Lunchables. I really liked. I used to eat a lot of Lunchables.
nope. That is not the correct answer, either.
lady, why don't you give me a hint?
we're not permitted to give out any hints to our customers. It's just to be able to protect your your information on your account.
You protecting the information from the wrong person.
unfortunately, Danny, we don't know that until you can answer the question correctly.
You do know that. Just answered all these other questions to get to this point. If I couldn't of answered the other questions correctly, you wouldn't have got to the security question. So, obviously you're talking to the right person. Just you're asking the wrong questions. Like I can't eat food, lady, and you're asking what my favorite food is.
I understand your frustration. let's see here, Danny, I'm gonna go ahead and try to verify you a different way.
OK. That'd be great.
I'm gonna have to ask you two different tokens of information now that you can't answer your security question. All right, so, what is your address?
OK.
My address is six seven nine two Fairfield Boulevard. Chattanooga, Ohio. Four four nine seven three.
OK. Thank you for that. And. One moment. OK, and what's your Socbye bye?
Mm, hold on. Let me shut my blinds. I'll be right back.
Sure. Take your time.
OK. OK, there. my kitchen window was unlocked but I got that locked too. So OK. Are you ready?
I'm ready.
It's two seven four eight six thirty-three oh two.
OK. I got it. Thank you.
All right.
Good good good.
All right, we are in your account, Danny.
All right. That's what I'm talking about.
All right, and, you said you got a note in the mail said urgent.
Yeah. It said.
Urgent. Said something about sweepstakes winner gonna be deposited in my account I just wanted to know how much did I get deposited?
I'm sorry, can you repeat that? What would be deposited?
sweepstakes winning. Said I won a sweepstakes.
sir, and this is from our bank? Intellibank? Is that what that said? Or who's the who's the sender of that?
Well, I don't know. I got this in the mail.
It don't have a?
Return address, or anything like that?
No no no. It just said urgent. You're you're a winner. It said I won.
OK.
And you just wanna know if that got deposited or how that works?
Yeah. How much?
How much?
sir, it sounds like that is actually a scam. And that you are actually the victim of a possible scam. do you. Would you like us to make a note in your account?
Yep.
OK. I'm gonna go ahead and make a note in your account. but just so you know, Intellibank will never send you any kind of notices as far as sweepstakes winnings or anything like that. And I'm sorry?
Well how would you let me know if I ever won a sweepstakes?
How would you let me know if I won a sweepstakes if you don't if you don't ever send nothing out in the mail?
We actually do not offer sweepstakes of that sort. we do offer different rewards cards and such for using our app. but we would never ever just go ahead and send you something through the mail that says that you're a winner or anything like that. and usually anything like that is a scam. Just to let you know. we highly advise that you would not give that that. I'm not sure who sent that to you, but I would not give them your information.
Oh.
Mhm.
Mm OK.
All right?
All right. Well, that's unfortunate, but thank you.
You're welcome, Danny. is there anything else I can help you with? I see that you're not set up for the security alerts. would you like me to go ahead and set those up for you, so we can send you a text anytime there's suspicious activity on that account of yours?
Yeah. Yeah, we better do that.
Do you want it through text or email, or both?
let's do both, in case I don't check one or the other.
Sure. All right. I just got you set up for both kinds of alerts. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, no, no.
All right. Thank you for calling Intellibank. And you have a good rest of your evening, OK?
Mhm, you too.
Mm bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I hep you today?
Yes. My name is mister Johnson and I'm trying to figure out a charge on my account that I don't know if I actually, I did it or authorized it.
OK. Sure mister Johnson I can definitely help you out with that.
so just to let you know this is a recorded call on a secured line and my name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
Thank you.
and I'm sorry you said your name was mister Johnson can I get your first name as well?
Kevin.
Kevin? OK. Perfect. All right Kevin and to verify your account information can I please get the last four digits of your social security number?
Three eight three eight.
OK. and your date of birth.
September seventh nineteen seventy six.
OK.
Perfect. And OK. So I see that you have a checking and a savings account with us. Was the the possible fraudulent transaction on your checking or savings account?
On my checking account.
On your checking account OK. And I see that do you do you know the exact amount of the transaction and the vendor?
From what I can see here it looks like it's about twenty-seven hundred dollars.
OK. I do see a transaction for seven twenty-four and four cents on, from your checking account on September fourteenth of this year. Is that, is that the transaction you are referring too?
Mm.
Yes. Yeah cause I don't I don't recollect doing anything around that time I just happened to notice I got ding on my card on my phone and noticed that something that was charged I didn't do.
OK. OK so yeah it looks like the the vendor is listed as Rink Makers. Is that is that something that you are familiar with?
You said Rain makers or Rink makers?
Wank Makers.
I'm not I am not Familiar.
OK.
OK. Got it so So then this is definitely sounds like this is something that was a a fraudulent charge so we definitely wanna make sure that we make that right and get your money back to you. so what I'm gonna do is open a a fraud report. And so what we are gonna need to do is document this to make sure that we can investigate this and then also go ahead and get your money back to you during the investigation.
Yes. That'd be great.
OK. Perfect. OK. So let me open my form and and what is your current address.
My current address is Twenty-three ten Sunnydale drive, Carolton Texas. Seven five zero one zero.
OK. Perfect. and that's not the address that we have on file. Is that your is that your your updated current address?
That's the current address.
OK. Would you like me to update the address on your account?
Please.
OK. Perfect I will do that.
OK. All right so I have that all updated. So what I'm going to need to do is I will get this report all filed and into our fraud department and then I'm going to Mail you a copy of this fraud report as well and so what we're gonna have to do is we do have to go back to the the vendor in this case it's Rink makers and make sure that investigate the charge with them as well too see if this was something that was a purchase or not and then but obviously I mean I know you're saying you did not make it so we so after we investigate with them then we will go ahead and refund the money back to your account just to and you should see that money back in your account within seven business days.
Perfect.
so yeah other then that did you have any other questions about the the fraud charge or the the process?
No. I just wanted to call in about that.
That that was it.
OK. Well I'm definitely sorry that this happened. I understand that you know this is. These are things that happen, but we definitely do try to get you know on top of this as quickly as possible for our customers.
Yes. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Yes. Absolutely. All right well mister Johnson thank you so much for calling in today I appreciate your loyalty I do see that you've had your account here for the last ten years and we will definitely get this filed and like I said check your mailbox and you will see the report there within a couple business days.
Perfect. Thank you.
OK. No problem. All right well thank you for calling Intellibank and I hope you have a great day.
Thank you. You too.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I need some help please with a transaction that I don't recognize. I am looking at my statement and I I'm not recognizing the this charge or this company. so I need some help with that and then I also want to transfer some money from my my checking to my savings account.
OK. I can certainly help you with both of those things. bear with me just a moment. I'm a. I need to get a little bit of information from you.
Sure.
So that we can look at this transaction that you need to dispute. OK. You said your first name is Kim and I need your last name please.
Sure. That's Johns. That's J O H N S.
OK. Thank you so much, Miss Johns. And your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK and I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
OK. And the type of account that you are you have a dispute with?
the dispute is on my checking account.
OK and can I have that account number please?
Sure. Let me grab that for you.
OK. Take your time.
OK. The checking account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four three.
Awesome, thank you so much. And the. Oh, OK.
I'm sorry.
The last four digits is six seven four four. I think I said four three. I was looking down at the next line trying to read ahead.
Oh!
So it's seven zero eight five six four six seven four four is my checking account number.
That's the worst.
OK. Thank you so much. And the dollar amount for this transaction?
it's four hundred dollars even.
OK.
I'm trying to get a little bit more money into my savings account. You know, try to earn earn as much as possible. With all this COVID stuff going on you never know. So trying to tuck away as much savings, you know, as possible.
Yeah.
I completely understand. It's been so stressful you know. I I just can't even imagine what the people who are now having to pay back what they received.
Oh yes. I saw that on the news. I can't believe that.
Yeah.
Can.
You imagine? I mean I just feel like that should have been an up front statement made.
Right.
You know. I mean who Right. If you know that.
Exactly.
Letting people know if you've got something and it's expected.
Right.
Then you know. And then people may not have taken as you know may have made a a more precise decision on how much you know to ask for. I mean, I'm not really sure how it all works. If if you request it or if they give it to you based on you know. I've never actually had unemployment before, but I think it's crazy to to give it and then expect people to pay it back.
I agree. I agree and that. I mean, I think that there will be a lot of people disputing those amounts that they're asking back because you know if you're in need and you're living on that money how in the world are they gonna expect them just to all of a sudden have that money available to give back.
Exactly. Yeah, that's crazy.
You know?
It's it's really it's really sad. So anyway sorry. Got off track here. OK. So the dollar amount you said was four hundred dollars even and you don't recognize this transaction?
That's OK.
Oh! I'm sorry. The four hundred dollars was the amount that I want to transfer from my checking to the savings account. I got ahead of myself. the account. The amount that I'm I want to dispute that showed up on my statement was for thirty-seven dollars and fifty cents. looks like it's from a Shell station in Texas and I've never been to Texas so I don't know why there would be a charge from a Shell station in Texas. not to mention, I have an Exxon actual credit card, so that's always the gas station I use. I rarely use anything else.
Oh, no worries.
No worries.
Oh my. I see. That would. That's very concerning. OK. All right, so the reason for the dispute is basically you don't recognize this, you've never even been to that state and you also have a gas card and you wouldn't even go to that gas station to begin with. So this is definitely a fraudulent transaction.
Yeah.
OK. I just have a few more questions that I have to ask you just because before I get it over to the dispute department. They they request that we ask these things. I'm sorry. Sometimes seems a little redundant. are you sure that you don't have anyone else that has access to this account?
Sure.
no. No one else should have access to this account at all.
OK and you don't recognize it. So and also do you have any regular membership fees or subscription fees that come out of this account?
I do have a gym membership that comes out from Oh my goodness. I just drew a a blank. Planet Fitness. There we go. I'm like I can visualize it and see the purple but I couldn't think of the name.
Oh.
No worries.
Yeah.
From Planet Fitness for twenty dollars, but it's always the same. It's always the you know in the beginning of the month cuz that's when I signed up. and and that's the only thing that comes out that's reoccurring.
Right and it's not it's not a gas station.
Nope, it sure is not.
did you did you reach out to the business to see if they could help you with this?
I did try to call.
Them. I sat on hold for quite some time. Then I got transferred around a lot. It didn't seem like they knew exactly what to do with me or where to send me. and I I honestly got frustrated and decided to call you all to dispute it since you know you're my bank and I know I didn't make that charge.
Oh my God. That's so frustrating and I completely understand. Who wants to deal with that when you're already stressed out about you know your account being robbed basically.
Exactly. Yeah.
So, great day. All right, I have all the information that I need from you Miss Johns. Thank you so much for providing that. I'm gonna put you on just a brief hold, OK? I need to go over to the dispute department and give them this information and get this investigation initiated. OK? I'll be right back.
Sure.
Sure, absolutely.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
All right. I have initiated the investigation. It takes three to five business days. and they will be contacting you about that and they will be contacting you through your email and also through your phone number. OK? And the one that we have on file, is that correct?
yes. That that is the one. excuse me. That is correct.
All right. And you said you need me to make a transfer, correct?
Yes. I would like to do a transfer from my checking account to my savings account.
OK. Well, we're having to close. We have to close the checking account since there has been fraud. So, right.
Oh, OK.
OK. Well How long about does like that does it take for them to get back to you?
usually three to five business days.
OK. So I'll just have to waiting until then to transfer that money from my checkings over to my savings then.
OK, certainly. And I work Monday through Friday nine to five so you don't have to explain this to anybody else again. You know, you can just call and ask for me. Rose.
OK. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
You're very welcome, Kim. Was there anything else I could do for you today?
Nope. That's everything. Thanks again.
All right. You have a wonderful rest of your week, Kim, and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thanks. You too.
Bye bye.
Hi and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is James, how can I help you today?
yeah, I got this letter in the mail and it says something about a my checking account has overdrawn. And I want to know what that's about?
absolutely. I can help you figure that out. Can I go ahead and get your name please?
My name is Joseph King.
K I N G.
All right Mr. King. And can you give me your credit card number as it's listed on the card itself?
one four three zero is my credit card but this this letter's referring to my bank account.
Your bank account number? OK, well I can look that up. do you have your account number handy mister King?
yeah but hang on one second while I find it.
All right, that's no problem, take your time.
OK. I got it. Two three seven zero.
And my date of birth is December second nineteen sixty one. And I live at six eleven Dunbar Avenue Florida. Six nine eight seven six is the ZIP code.
All right Mr. King. And was that just the last four of your account number?
Yes.
Could you go ahead and if you don't mind, just verify the entire account number for me please?
Seven three seven nine two one two three seven zero.
All right, thank you so much Mr. King. Let me go ahead and get your account pulled up here. Just one moment.
All right. And it looks like here you've got the extra security enabled. So if I could go ahead and have you answer this security question for me. what is the name of the street that you grew up on?
Raven Street.
Raven Street. All right.
OK. Now let me, you said here you got here a a letter in the mail that your account had overdrawn. Is that correct?
Yes sir. It says I'm in the hole about ten dollars and you're gonna charge me thirty five dollars for and now I'm really in the hole and I need I need some help.
All right. Well, I can certainly try and clear that up for you. and this is on your checking account, is that correct?
yes, that's what it says.
OK. Let's see here. well I'm not really sure why that letter was sent out to you, Mr. King. I'm showing here you have an available balance of two hundred ninety-six dollars and forty-eight cents give me just one moment. Let me look into this. maybe that letter just got sent out from a past issue.
do you have the overdraft protection on your account by chance?
I don't know. I think I do, but I'm not sure.
OK. Well I see that you do have a savings account with us so that's usually set up when you open a savings account and link it to your checking I don't see anywhere in your account history that shows you would have overdrawn or been near overdrawn it's possible that your account dipped below and the account protection popped in and that might just be an automated letter from our system it probably just got overlooked and nobody stopped that letter from getting sent out to you. I do sincerely apologize for that. I know that getting those kinds of letters in the mail is not fun and can cause a lot of stress on someone. Now, if you would like, I can set you up with online banking where you'd be able to manage this from your phone or your computer and you could set it up for alerts just in case this were to happen again. You could address right then and there potentially avoid having another letter get sent out to you accidentally.
Well that's an option, if you could give me the link and I could go to it and set it up maybe.
I can certainly give you that link or I can just set you up with it here now if you prefer.
OK. If you can do that, that'd be great.
All right let me pull that page up. Just one second.
All right I've got everything ready to go here if you're ready I will give you your username and a temporary password that you can use to log on to it from your computer or your smartphone and then just it will prompt you when you log in that first time to set your own password so that you can have access to your account.
OK.
All right if you're ready your account is going to be J King zero one zero.
OK. I've written that down.
All right. And then your temporary password is going to be lowercase F X Z uppercase B T lowercase E nine two V X uppercase L question mark. Do you need me to repeat that sir?
No. I'm good.
All right sir. Well, that should get you logged into that. is there anything else I can help you with today with the any of your other accounts you have with us?
No, I think I'm good.
All right Mr. King. Well I wanna personally thank you for being a customer of Intellibank and there will be a survey if you hold on the line, if you don't mind filling that out about your experience today just hold on the line for about five seconds and it will transfer you over there.
how's the weather out there?
Oh well the weather up here's been doing pretty nice. It it it was it was a little chilly last week but we're we're getting back into that nice fall weather. Is the weather doing OK down for you?
Oh not too bad, been a little been a little warm but we're managing it.
well, that's great, Mr. King. All right well if there's nothing else I can help you with today, I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening.
OK, I appreciate it.
Absolutely. You have a good day.
All right thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joe.
Can I get your first and last name?
Hi. My name is Stephanie Garcia.
Thank you Ms. Garcia. What brings you calling in today?
Yeah so I checked my credit card account balance and I noticed there were some charges that just did not look familiar. I don't remember making those charges and I just wanted see if there is anything that we could do or you can help me.
Of course, I can. I just need some to ask you some verification questions just to make sure I am talking to the right person. So can I get your date of birth?
It's May twenty-first ninety-four.
Perfect. Perfect. Can I also get your credit card number so I can look that up?
Yeah. Credit card is four seven nine zero six nine six two five four four zero seven one one two.
Excellent. Perfect. I'm getting that information up.
And then the last identification question is if I can get if I can get what street did you grow up on.
Oh I grew up on Johnson Avenue.
OK. Perfect. So how's your day been so far?
it's it's going pretty good. didn't do too much. Just getting the house ready to decorate for the upcoming holiday for Halloween. We get too excited over here so can't wait to decorate.
Yeah. Halloween is like one of my favorite holidays out there.
I enjoy it quite a bit. Me and the wife actually decorate the house. We do a haunted house theme.
So I can totally relate to what you're saying. and you said you have kids, right? How many do you have?
I have four kids and they're actually helping. They're gonna help this year to decorate the house.
So that's gonna be something fun and something new to do.
Four kids. Are they older? Younger?
Are they in that that terrible two. Two
I
Have toddlers.
Yeah. They're they're they're younger than ten.
Oh wow. so it looks like there were some transactions made over the last ten days so what I can do to assist you further is do a rundown of each scenario of the transaction and then you can tell me if you remember it or it can be particularly fraud. once I get your answers we can do a dispute a dispute claim with Visa to have those transactions reimbursed to you.
OK. Yeah. Well, you said them last ten days? I haven't really used my credit card that many times so it shouldn't be many transactions but yeah let's go and see what you have.
OK. So the first transaction looks like it's at a Costco for nine hundred dollars.
Yeah. That sounds right.
OK.
Costco and then it looks like another one for Toy Story for another additional lemme see. Twenty-five dollars?
I did make. Yes, I remember going to Toy Story.
Perfect and then a Circle K for thirty.
Circle K? Yeah, I definitely did not go to Circle K.
OK.
that's one of the transaction?
Yeah for thirty twenty-seven.
OK.
And then I also have a price for eighteen dollars.
No, definitely not another transaction.
OK.
And then I have Starbucks.
Yes.
that is for five forty-nine. Did that sound familiar?
Yup. Yup.
And then I have another Starbucks for twenty-five ninety-nine?
Yes.
OK. That is yours.
OK. So we got these two up here. Let me see then I also have a Desert Museum for two hundred dollars?
yes. That was a transaction.
OK. Perfect. OK.
All righty. And then I think that's thirty-seven.
So just a couple of so there has been a couple of charges that I do not remember. Could I just go ahead and get a new card sent out to me and just get this as you know.
Yeah. One hundred percent. So I will make a claim. We'll make a claim for the thirty and that eighteen I just personally can't make the claim over the phone but I do had the verification so what I'm gonna do is get everything prepped up for you and then you could actually go into a branch and request a new card that you could get instantly and then they can actually finalize because you need to actually do a signature to dispute it for us to sent to Visa. So they'll have you sign it. Get a new card. I'll block the current card now so no further transactions could go through and then they'll be able to take the rest do the rest right there at the branch.
OK. So I'll just go to the branch and the branch is gonna help me get a new credit card and you're going to freeze this account.
Yeah.
this this current credit card will be blocked and then they'll provide you a new one at the branch and then they'll have you sign a dispute a dispute form to be sent to Visa to dispute those claims and to give you a reimbursement.
OK. That works. I would definitely take care of that. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you. Have a great day, Ms. Garcia.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose, My name is Kim. I. I have a question. I am looking at my statement online and there is a charge here that I don't recognize. and I was wondering if you could help me out with that. If we could take a look at it.
so you would need to dispute a transaction?
yes, ma'am.
Certainly, I can definitely help you with that, Kim. I just have to get a little bit of information from you so that I can get into your account and see what we're looking at here.
Sure.
Can I have your last name, please?
Sure, it's Johns. That's J O H N S.
Thank you Ms. Johns. And also your date of birth?
it's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you. And can you please tell me the account number that you are disputing the transaction on?
sure. Let me see here. It's on my checking account. let me see. do you mind holding on for a moment? Let me go grab that.
Certainly, take your time.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
OK. I thought I had it right here and I'm not able to find it for some reason. do you think. Would you be able to pull it up with my social if I gave that to you?
Certainly.
Oh OK, great. my social is one seven three seven three nine five zero two.
OK. Thank you so much for providing me with that. Bear with me just one moment.
Sure.
OK. Awesome, I was able to locate it. And I just have to ask you a security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
Sure, it's Murphy.
OK. And what is the dollar amount of this transaction you're disputing?
It's fifty-three dollars and eleven cents.
OK, and what date did this take place on?
it was a couple weeks ago on September fifteenth.
OK. And you're reason for disputing it is because you don't recognize the charge, right?
Right, exactly. I tried to go online on you know, on my. On the on the bank account online And expand it to see if I could find any information. I didn't see a telephone number and I don't recognize the company. I did try to Google it but I still didn't recognize that company at all so I. I definitely need you know, need to have that removed cuz that wasn't something I charged.
Mhm.
Certainly. I do just have a few more questions before I can dispute this for you or get it over to the dispute department.
Sure.
OK. do you know if anyone else has access to your account and could have made that transaction?
no. No one else has access to any of my account information.
OK. And you said you don't recognize the business. It does look like it's international? and so I just had to ask you one more thing.
Sure.
sometimes people forget about membership fees or subscription fees. You don't think that it has anything to do with anything like that?
no, I don't. I only have one one. One membership fee that comes out annually, or excuse me, monthly and that is Apple for storage. and of course it, you know, it says Apple. So, I, this is nothing that I've signed up for.
OK. Well, I'm so sorry that this happened. It just seems like this is happening more and more often. You know, the more technology we have the easier it is for people to do these kind of things. I'll definitely get to the bottom of this for you. Just have to put you on a very brief hold and give this information to our dispute department and I will be right back, OK?
Right.
OK, thank you.
You're so very welcome.
OK, Ms. Johns, I'm back. Thank you for holding. so the next steps will be the transaction is going to be investigated. It takes anywhere from three to five business days for that investigation to take place. We have your current phone number and your email address and you will be contacted on both of those ways to connect with you. I'm sending you a confirmation of that dispute that has been started for you. It will detail all of the things that I am telling you right now. And the dispute department will be getting in contact with you here shortly. However, the downside is I have to put a hold on the account. so that no further charges can come up against your account. OK?
OK.
Oh, that's OK. I figured that would have to happen.
Oh.
Yes, ma'am. That hold will be lifted once the investigation has been completed. OK? And is there anything else that I can do for you before Is there anything else I could help you with today?
OK.
Oh, no, that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome Ms. Johns. And as a part of the family, we'd like to thank you so much for your loyalty and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Azumi. Whom am I speaking with today?
my name's Edward Elrick. Just calling in to get some information on some of my accounts.
Oh perfect. I can help you with that Mister Elrick. first, can I get your account number, please?
Yeah just give me a second. Need to find my wallet. I have always have trouble memorizing my account numbers.
Oh no, no worry. Take your time.
Should be around here. OK. So my savings number is one zero zero zero one zero one. And my socials fifty-two fourteen just in case you need it.
OK perfect. Thanks for that information. I do just want to verify that I have the number correctly. so that number was one zero zero zero one zero one? And the last four of your social was five two one four?
yeah, that's right.
OK perfect. And then can I verify your date of birth, please?
Yeah it's October fourth nineteen ninety.
K perfect. Thanks so much for that Mister Elrick. please just give me one moment to pull up your account.
Yeah yeah. No problem.
Thank you.
so you're from a call center or do you work at a branch?
yeah, so I work over at the operations center here in Texas. but most of our call center agents do work here. We do have a few over in another center over in California.
Oh OK. You guys get a lot of calls? I didn't have to wait too long.
so usually we do have like back-to-back calls everyday but today it's been not too busy. we've had a lot of downtime so it's been really nice.
that's always good.
Yeah. I like it a lot. it's really great to be able to help our customers that call in. OK so I have your account pulled up so thank you so much for your patience. I do have to verify your ID with a security question. That question is what is the first name of your youngest sibling?
Oh sorry. can you repeat that again?
yes. What is the first name of your youngest sibling?
Oh Alfonse.
OK perfect. Yep. that is correct. That's what we have on your account. OK so then what kind of information were you wanting to get from your accounts today?
Yeah I just wanted to check the balance on my account. Not sure how much I have. I need to go to the store get some stuff for my home. we're doing some renovation. I just wanna make sure I have enough before I go there.
OK perfect. Yeah, I can definitely get that for you. so we're you wanting to get the balance from the checking account or your savings?
just the savings.
OK. Perfect. Yeah, let me pull up that checking. OK awesome. So looks like the balance of that checking account currently is four thousand two hundred ninety-five dollars and eighty-seven cents.
is there anything that's pending on that? And do you happen to know what the balance of my savings is as well?
yeah. Let's take a look at your transaction history here. OK perfect. So it does still look like there is a transaction and it is from Olive Garden. That was processed today actually. And it's still pending for sixty-five dollars and forty-seven cents. but that is already calculated into the balance that I stated for you earlier so you don't have to subtract it. And then the balance like I said earlier was four thousand two hundred ninety-five dollars and eighty-seven cents. And then let's take a look at the savings account balance. Give me just one second to pull that one up. OK so the balance on that one is fifteen thousand five hundred sixty-one dollars and fifty-two cents.
Oh OK. is there any way you can transfer three thousands from my savings to my checkings? I just wanna make sure I have enough.
Yeah absolutely. let's go ahead and get that transferred. So that was three thousand from your savings to the checking. Just one moment while I get that processed. OK perfect. So that transfer has been completed. And the new balance in the checking now is seven thousand two hundred ninety-five dollars and eighty-seven cents. And then the new balance in your savings is twelve thousand five hundred sixty-one dollars and fifty-two cents.
Awesome. I think that should be good for when I go to the store. do have another question to ask you. not sure I can't remember exactly but is there any money back or something like that on the card? that I'm gonna be using? And in case there is do you know like how much I get back and when the money gets I guess put into my account?
Yeah so it's actually called a cashback card and that is what's connected to your checking account. So when you do go over to Home Depot to make your purchases for your renovation you'll actually get five percent cash back and then that is the beginning of the next cycle. The next billing cycle which is actually the fifth of November. So you'll be seeing that shortly here. And then that does get automatically deposited into your checking account.
Oh sweet. Yeah, a lot more than the one percent I get from from my other card that I have.
Oh yeah, that's really awesome. Yeah if you're wanting like a cash back option our card is always the best option especially with that five percent. and then I also wanted to let you know that we have a great online banking system and there's an app available so you can check your balances at any time. If you want I can help you through the steps to register. it is convenient with twenty-four seven access to your accounts and you're able to do a lot more than you can over the phone with us.
Oh no no thanks right now. I I just don't have the time. I need to head to the store before they close and get what I need. but I might swing by later when I'm free. is there any way that I could also come into the bank and set it up if I need to?
Yeah absolutely. So our branch staff is also trained for our online banking access. and they're able to set you up and answer any questions that you have.
Oh OK. I might stop by maybe sometime this week or call just in case if I don't have enough time to stop by the branch.
OK perfect. Yeah, you're welcome to call back at any time. We're happy to help you set that up. was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope. That was everything. that's all I needed help with.
OK perfect. Well, thank you so much for calling today, Mr. Elrick. Have a wonderful day.
You too. Thank you.
Thanks. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alexandria. How can I help you today?
Hi there. My name is Danny Burns. Can you can you tell me the balance on my account, please?
All right, Mr. Burns, before I can complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
nevermind. like, can you just give me a couple nearby ATM machines? Can you guys help me with that? I've been driving around all day, and I'm tired.
All right, Mr. Burns, I sure can help you with that. but first, I need to get a little bit of information about your location so that I can get you an accurate list of local ATMs close by. OK, sir, can I have your street address, please?
OK.
wow, I have I have I got two. I got a new address. I used to stay at the old one. I don't know which one you have on file? my new address is one oh nine North Turkey Street. And my old address is twenty-five oh nine South Rock Avenue.
All right, so you. We have on file the one oh nine North Turkey Street, so.
OK.
OK, could I have that city you're asking about?
I'm at Luxora.
OK.
Arkansas.
And Luxora, L U X O R A?
Yes.
OK, in Arkansas?
Yes.
Just one moment, sir, while I look up those addresses.
OK. Wow, it's some nasty weather here, I'mma telling you. How is down your way?
Oh, it's actually been raining a little bit, but we didn't get any storms or anything like they were saying on the news.
Oh, man, I don't know how long this rainy weather gonna last. I can't do my activity outside.
Oh, me either. Fall used to be my best time of year, but now it's all kind of soggy this time.
All right.
Hope it change over soon.
You're right though.
All right, Mr. Burns, I have looked up the ATMs close by you. It looks like you might be in a smaller town, so I was only able to locate two local ATMs within your city, and I found one that's a little bit away, but it's in the next city over.
OK. Can you let me know those?
Yes, sir. The first one is located about a mile from your address. It is at four twenty-one Fairfax Lane, in Luxor, Arkansas.
OK. OK, then. Yeah, I got a couple more question about this ATM ATM machine? Now, how many transfer am I having to make?
Yes, sir?
How many transactions, or.
Yeah, transaction I'm able to make with my card?
Oh, on this one, you have a daily withdrawal limit on this is normally how it's set up. You can usually go in your account and raise that limit, but that's the normal withdrawal limit for your daily balance.
OK. And now, what if I don't wanna come into the bank, or you guys close? Is there a website that I can access, or anything?
Yes, sir. We do offer online banking for our for our customers. You can actually access that and set up an online account if you don't have one. You can make withdrawals in advance. You can actually check out your transactions, all kind of things. You can make a deposit even.
OK, I don't have to pay for this, do I?
no, sir. Those are usually are handled within your account fees and transactions, so.
OK.
OK, that sound good to me. I, I can't be getting out there all the time.
Right. if you wanted to set that up, sir, you can just go to Intellibank dot com, and go on our website, in the upper right corner, we have a tab for online banking, so you can just go through the steps on that tab, and it'll allow you to sign up.
OK, can you. Can you repeat that one more time? I can go to?
Intellibank dot com. I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
Intellibank. OK.
OK.
Dot com. All right.
Yes, sir. All right, sir, that next address that is close by you, it's at fourteen twenty-eight Hibbitt Road. H I B B I T T.
OK. Fourteen twenty-eight Hibbitt. All right.
And that should be about a mile and a half away from your actual location.
OK, sounds good.
OK, and this last address, sir, is at five twenty-six Jeannie J E A N N I E McQueen M C Q U E E N. Place in Osceola, Arkansas. That one looks like it's about four miles away from you, but it offers a few more options at the ATM.
OK, that sound. That sound good.
OK. Thank you very much. So is there anything else I can do for you today?
that's it. You helped me with everything.
Well, thank you very much . My name is Alexandria. Enjoy the rest of your day, please.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Stella. How can I assist you today?
How are you today, Stella?
I'm doing great sir. Thank you for asking, and yourself?
I'm doing great. I'm calling today to close my checking account. And transfer the balance to another account.
I can definitely help you with that, sir. May I please have your first and last name?
Adam A. Brown.
Thank you. And may I please have your date of birth?
Eleven three nineteen seventy-four.
Thank you. What is your account number?
can you give me a moment? I left my wallet downstairs. I have to go get it.
Sure, sir. Take your time, please.
OK. I'm back. I actually I have a few account numbers. I think my account number is nine I mean, sorry. Zero nine three five four five seven eight. Or it could be zero eight nine six five eight two one. Wait, no. I think my checking account number is zero nine three five four five seven eight.
OK. OK, thank you, sir. I appreciate that. Let let me confirm that checking number again. And that is zero nine three five four five seven eight? Thank you so very much. Before I can continue discussing your account info, and for security purposes, what is the answer to the security question on file? To what is your pet's name, sir?
Yes.
His name is Blackie.
Cool name, and that it is correct. Thank you for verifying that information, sir. Now, why would you like to close your account? If you don't mind me asking.
I do lots of volunteer work with the Red Cross, and we're going to Africa for some time to help out the kids, and the people over there with medical needs, schooling and stuff like that.
Well that's that's that's very commendable, sir, and I I do wish you a safe trip of course. now there there is a balance in your in your checking account of two thousand five hundred and sixty-four dollars. and you mentioned that you wanna transfer it to another account. that's gonna be, I'm assuming, with another bank cuz you don't have another account with us, right?
Thank you.
Yes.
OK. do you happen to have a routing number of the account you want this transfer you wanna transfer the funds to?
Of course. It's two one two one seven, no I'm sorry, four seven eight nine six three two five.
OK. So to confirm, the routing number is twenty-one twenty-one forty-seven eighty-nine sixty-three twenty-five?
Yes.
And what is the account number, please?
Zero nine nine six five eight two one four two.
OK. To confirm the number is zero nine?
No, I'm sorry. Zero eight nine six five eight two one four two.
OK. So let let's let me confirm once once again, the account number that you just gave me is zero eight nine six five eight two one four two.
Correct.
And what is the account holder's name?
It's my account. Adam B. Brown.
Thank you, sir. OK. So I'm now going to initiate the request to close your checking account. And the checking account number that we're going to close is zero nine three five four five seven eight. OK. We're gonna transfer two thousand five hundred and sixty-four dollars, which is the account, the the entire account balance. To account number zero eight nine six five eight two one four two. And the routing number is two one two one four seven eight nine six three twenty-five. Just give me one moment. And effective immediately your account is closed. OK. I have sent the confirmation email to the email on file. Do I need to update any information on your email?
No, thank you.
OK. And, sir, I'm I'm wondering if you like to speak to one of our specialists to further discuss some of some of our savings account that may earn you a higher interest rate.
No, No thank you. Not at this time.
OK. And is there anything else I can do for you at this at this moment?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful, Stella.
You're very welcome, sir. I'm really glad that I was able to help you, and on behalf of Intellibank, thank you for choosing us. Have a good day.
Thank you, and have a great day.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
my debit card was stolen and I'm not sure what I need to do.
Oh no I am so sorry to hear that, but I can definitely assist you with that. Can you tell me who I'm speaking with today?
It is Edith Lynn.
All Right Edith, thank you. Do you prefer that I call you Edith? Or do you prefer I call you Miss Lynn?
Edith's fine.
OK Edith, what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight zero two three seven five three, and my address is twenty twenty Armor Road in Kansas City, Missouri.
OK, thank you for that information Edith, and what is your date of birth?
It's March second, nineteen eighty.
All Right, thank you and the account has a security question, so could you please tell me the city you were born in?
yes it's Essex in London.
I'm actually from England. I'm not sure if you could tell I'm not originally from the US
thank you for that information Edith. How long have you been in the US?
I've been here for over twenty years now, but my my parents moved here when I was just out of primary school so my dad had a job here so we we moved over seas, and I've I've been here actually almost twenty-one years now.
Well I imagine that was quite a bit of a big change for you huh?
it wasn't terrible.
I do like it here in the US , it's a nice place.
Well that is wonderful Edith. I do wanna let you know I've got your account pulled up, so I'll need to just ask you a few questions regarding your debit card today, if you have just some time for me to do that for you.
OK.
can you tell me the last four of the debit card that was stolen?
it's the card ending in twenty-two eleven. It's two two one one.
OK. And on what day do you believe your card was stolen?
It was stolen on October first, yes it was October first on Monday.
OK, and do you know where that was stolen from?
It was at the plaza in Kansas city with my husband, and and like a man just grabbed my purse and ran away. and my my husband chased him, but he was just really too fast.
they took like everything my credit cards, my insurance card, my cellphone.
My. I'm very very sorry that this happened to you Edith. Were you able to make a police report?
I did. I have a police report number too it's nine eight zero four eight five nine.
OK. I'm going to note that report number on your account Edith so that they have the police report, and I'm going to I'm going to redo a few transactions. These are the most recent transactions on your account. Can you just please just verify to me if those are the purchases were made by you or if they were not made by you?
Yes.
All Right this so the first transaction that I have is for Boho sushi and that's for fifty-three dollars and seventy-eight cents.
That was mine. that was me and my husband.
OK, perfect. the next transaction is for Plaza parking at Weston Center. And that is for six dollars.
Yeah, that was us too, that was that was the parking garage that we parked in that day.
OK. And I have one more for you, so the last one is for Dena Airlines that's for five hundred and sixty-four dollars and sixty-nine cents.
That was not me. Oh my gosh I cannot believe that this happened, like I did not buy tickets to an airline.
OK, I completely understand, and I'm again I am so sorry that this is happened to you. I'm going to flag that transaction as fraudulent. So I will escalate that transaction along with your police report number to our fraud department. And an investigator should reach out to you soon for some more information about that OK? But in the mean time I do not want to get this I wanna get this card closed for you so that the perpetrator cannot use that card again. I just wanna verify that I do have permission to cancel this card for you OK?
Yes, please cancel it.
OK I have that card canceled for you now, and I'm going to go ahead and have a new card ordered for you to replace that, and I will get that out to you in the mail. the card will come in an unmarked envelope so please just keep an eye out for that for the next seven to ten days. you may not recognize it immediately, because it doesn't come in an envelope marked with Intellibank, but just just keep an eye out for it.
OK and will I get my money back from that transaction for the airline ticket?
OK. so the fraud investigator will go over over that with you when they call you but the transaction has been marked as pending so they will basically put a hold on that transaction until they can verify the fraud, but once that fraud is determined then Intellibank will release those funds back to you OK?
Does that like usually take a really long time?
the process can vary, but normally we say that it takes no more than thirty days so the give them just just a little bit of time to to get that investigated for you, then we'll get that resolved OK?
All Right.
Well Edith I am so sorry that this happened to you again, but hopefully the police can catch the culprit, and we've got this card canceled so that person's not gonna be able to make any other purchases from your account. I do just wanna confirm that this was the only card with Intellibank that was stolen that day OK?
Yes this was it like they stole my Chase credit card, but but that's not with your bank.
OK, and you didn't have any checks or any Intellibank account information written down anywhere in your purse did you?
No I didn't have anything like that.
OK and do you do online banking I know that you said your phone was stolen, so I just wanted to make sure you have a passcode or a security lock setting on your phone. so that way they're not able to access your online banking if you have that.
I don't have an online banking account, but my phone only opens with my fingerprint so I think based off of that they wouldn't even be able to get in there right?
that's that's very good but canceling this card should prevent them from being able to access your banking information, so they shouldn't be able to make anymore purchases out of your account again. OK?
OK, thank you.
Edith was there anything else I can do for you today?
I don't I don't think so I just cannot believe that this happened.
I know Edith I'm sorry I know that this is an awful situation, but I do wanna let you know that Intellibank will do everything they can to identify the fraud and to give you some peace of mind regarding the security of your account moving forward OK?
Thank you I appreciate it.
All Right Edith if you don't have any further questions for me then please just let me say thank you for choosing Intellibank, and have a wonderful day, and that fraud investigator will be in touch with you shortly. Thank you. Have a good day.
Good afternoon and thank you for calling Intellibank this is Scott. How may I help you?
yeah I need to update my email address in my personal information on my account.
OK. I can certainly help you with that.
Let me get some Information from you first.
Sure.
can you give me your full name and your date of birth?
Sure. Crystal Humphrey. Ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
OK thank you Crystal very much. can I get your credit card number?
Sure. It is four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
Alright. Thank you very much and for security purposes, I'm gonna ask you your security question. And that is what was the name of your first pet?
Shaggy.
Shaggy all right. Thank you very much Do you have your bank account number handy?
I sure do let's see, it is two four three five eight eight zero nine one six.
OK.
Oh. Oh. Hold on wait. I'm sorry I read that wrong let me correct that.
OK you're correcting your account number is that right?
Yes.
OK.
OK here's two four three five eight eight nine zero one six. Sorry about that.
That's quite all right. Thank you very much.
All right. So let me ask you what type of information you're trying to update on your personal information profile?
just the email.
Your email address? OK. I see right here it's Shaggy one two three at Gmail dot com. Is that the one you'd like to update?
Yes.
OK. go ahead with the updated email address.
OK. The new one will be A B C one two three at Gmail dot com.
A B C one two three at Gmail dot com?
That's right.
OK. Well that is in there. You can expect that to take place in five to seven business days for it to go into effect. is there anything else I can help you out with today?
I do I need to close one of my saving accounts.
You'd like to close an account? OK I'm so sorry to see that you wanna close an account with us. Is there any reason specific reason why you'd like to close your account?
we have a couple open and this particular one just really we're not putting much into it so The residual amount we're just gonna transfer over to the checking and leave the other ones open.
OK. We can do that for you. Can I get the first and last name of the the primary on the account?
Sure. It's Crystal Humphrey.
And date of birth?
Ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
All right. And what's the credit card number associated with that account?
four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
All right and the security question for that account is, what was the name of your first pet?
Shaggy.
All right, and the account number of the account that you're looking to close?
OK. That is gonna be seven six five one two three four five six seven.
All right and where would you like the this reminder amount to go to a checkings account or savings account?
Checking.
The checking account.
Yeah. Our primary checking account please.
All right. do you have the routing number for that account that you'd like those funds to be transferred to?
Yes. I sure do. OK. It is zero one two four three seven zero zero one.
OK. I see that here, and then last question is the deposit account number?
Yes. It is two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
OK excellent. So I see that you are moving this these funds to the new account number. We have confirmed both. Please allow five to seven business days before it'll take place.
OK.
the account will be closed by October thirty-first So any time between now and then you can expect that account to close and you'll receive some information in the mail when that account actually closes for good.
OK.
after that time you won't be able to pull any funds out of that account anymore.
OK.
All right is there anything else that I can do for you before we end this conversation.
no thank you so much for your help.
You are so welcome and I appreciate you calling Intellibank today. I am Scott and I'm glad and happy to serve you if you have any other further questions you can call back.
OK. Thank you so much.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sandra. How can I help you?
Hello. This is Peter Davis. I want to make a money transfer. But all the banks are closed so I don't know what to do now.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear about that, sir let me look. you can actually do it at an ATM machine.
OK.
Have you done that before?
Yes.
OK. Well, we can actually look one up for you somewhere near, near you. And your, you'll be able to transfer money between your accounts using the machine.
Oh, that would be great.
Yeah. It's a very easy process. but as you said, you've done it before. So, where are you located?
I don't know. I have to find a, a street sign somewhere. Give me a second.
OK. I'll be right here, sir.
OK. I found a street sign. I'm on Main Street. Yes, Main Street.
Main Street. OK. do you.
In
Austin, Texas.
Austin, Texas. Great. So I was just about to ask what city and state. Austin, Texas. OK. So, it looks like we have probably three locations around Main Street you could go to. There's, are you only going to transfer money?
Yeah.
OK. Cuz some of those machines transfer money and do plenty of other things all at the same time. the one nearest to you would be, it looks like maybe two blocks away.
Oh, that's great.
OK. So that one is on two two four Elderberry.
Elderberry.
Yes, sir.
OK. I will put that in my GPS.
Yes, it looks like it's a maybe five minute walk for you.
That's good.
So. OK. So let me just give you a little information about transferring money at the machines. we do have a daily transfer limit. and it looks like if you're going to transfer more than five thousand dollars between your two accounts.
No. It's a hundred and eighty-seven.
OK. Then there shouldn't be any fees at all. That is free. usually we have a fee limit of, of, of anything over five thousand dollars. and also, were you going to pull out any cash?
No.
No cash. OK. We I was just going to update you on any withdrawal fees. Because we have updated those limits. And it, let me see Yeah, it looks like you can now actually pull out a thousand dollars a day. Just if you happen to want to do that.
No cash.
That's good.
is there anything else?
Yes. I saw an advertisement on TV. That said something about a travelers gold card.
Travelers gold card. Let me go to my next screen to look at all the cards and other information we offer. Let's see. Travelers gold card. Sir, we do not have a travelers gold card. We have a travelers card and we a gold card. Now those are two separate cards and offer different benefits, each. would you like me to provide you with some information over the phone regarding these?
No, better do that through email.
OK. So let me look at the email address that we have on file. Peter dot sixty-eight at Gmail dot com?
No. That's not correct.
OK. Let me correct that. What is it?
It's Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com.
OK. Got it. So, I'll send you that information about those two credit cards. we also have, we do offer several other credit cards. Would you like any of those information's?
what kind of credit cards are these?
We have a platinum card and we have a silver card. We have just about every color of the rainbow, sir.
Oh, that's nice.
Yeah. So would you like any other information?
Yeah, you can send me that by by the normal mail, to my home address.
OK. To your home address. The regular mail I'll go ahead, you know what sir, I'll go ahead and mark you down to receive any other information about new credit card offers that we have.
You have my home address?
go ahead and provide that for me.
It's one thousand Maryland Street. Austin, Texas seven eight one two two.
Got it sir. Perfect. So what we'll do is we'll send out all this card information for you that you can review. And pick the one that you think is the best option for you. Fill out the application and send it in. usually you can hear back from us within five to seven business days.
And what do I need to do if I want to choose one of these cards?
You just fill out the application and mail it back in. And we'll make a decision within five to seven business days.
OK. And if I want lets say two?
You're welcome to fill out both applications at the same time no problem. You could possibly have two. It's all based on your credit score.
Oh, that's great.
Yes, sir. Oh, and you know what. While I'm looking at things. In the future, if you would ever like have this problem again where you cannot find an ATM machine you can download our app and there is an ATM machine finder on there. So all you have to do is go to the screen that says find my ATM it will hook in to your GPS and it will let you know the nearest machine near you.
And there's just, I can get it in the app store, right?
Yes, sir. It's available in Android and also through the Apple store.
OK. Thank you very much.
Thank you so much. And like I said, I'm Sandra with Intellibank. Call us back if you need us.
OK. Thank you, Sandra. Have a nice day.
You, too, sir. Bye bye.
Bye.
Welcome to Intellibank. How may I assist you?
I want to make wire transfer.
OK. Good morning. May I have your name, please?
My name is Anne Small.
Can I address you as Anne?
Yes, please.
OK. May I have your date of birth?
June fifteen nineteen ninety-five.
If I can hear you clearly, you said June fifteen nineteen ninety.
Six.
June fifteen nineteen ninety-six.
Yes.
May I have your driver's license number?
OK.
Zero one.
Zero one.
Eight four.
Eight four.
A Q.
A Q.
Zero four.
Zero four.
B C.
B C.
C.
Yeah.
For confirmation please zero one.
Zero one.
Eight four.
Yeah.
A Q.
Yeah.
Zero four.
Zero five.
Zero five.
Yeah.
B C.
B C.
OK.
May I have your account number, ma'am?
OK.
Hundred.
One zero zero.
One seven.
One seven.
Eight four.
Eight four.
Zero five.
Zero five.
Nine.
Nine.
For confirmation, one zero zero.
One seven eight four zero five nine.
Yes.
OK.
Can you please hold while I verify your account?
OK.
With what I have here, I can see that you have five thousand three hundred and forty-one dollars on your account. I hope I'm right.
That's correct.
OK.
OK. Can I have your account you want to transfer to?
OK. Twenty-five.
Twenty-five.
One seven.
One seven.
Zero zero.
Zero zero.
Four eight.
Four eight.
Two one.
Two one.
Yes.
Two five.
One seven.
Zero zero four eight.
Two one.
Yes.
OK. How much are you willing to transfer?
that would be three thousand dollars.
Three thousand dollars. Is it an
Is it a domestic transfer or international dollar transfer?
A domestic transfer.
Domestic.
Yes.
OK. What can. Can I have the routing number, please?
OK.
Four eight.
Four eight.
One seven.
One seven.
Zero two.
Zero two.
Four eight one seven zero two eight five.
Eight five.
One.
One. Four eight.
One seven zero two eight five one.
Yes.
Thank you.
Can you please hold while I verify the account details?
OK.
OK. The account is a good one. I would like to inform you the process will start immediately and it would take like thirty minutes before the transfer will reflect on the other account.
OK.
I would like to suggest to you if you can get a mobile app for future transaction.
OK. I don't mind.
And how are you doing over there? How is the weather?
The weather is good.
It's .
Oh. The weather is kind of cold here but we are fine.
OK.
That's great.
Thank you for banking with us. You will get a notification immediately after your transaction.
OK.
So what do I do with the mobile transfer?
OK.
Whenever you get. You get the mobile app. You download from the your your mobile place app store.
Then you install. You register. A verification code will be sent to your mobile number for activation. Then you login and you will be able to make transfers, check your balance, close your account, request for a card and every other transactions to your mobile.
OK.
I hope I don't have
I hope I will not have to call the helpline again.
Yes. You wouldn't need to call the helpline whenever you have if whenever you have you app installed on your mobile phone.
Installing the app will mean not calling the helpline, right?
Yes.
OK. Thank you.
Will that be all for now?
Yes, please.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a lovely day.
You're welcome.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Susan. Who am I speaking with today?
Hi Susan. this is Brian. I'm trying to find an an ATM near me.
OK. I can help you with that.
OK. I'm I'm in I'm in Raleigh. Raleigh North Carolina.
OK can you give me the street address and the ZIP code if possible.
I don't know the ZIP code but it's one eighty-five. Oh no, sorry. Eighteen fifty Hillsboro Street in Raleigh.
OK and eighteen fifty Hillsboro Street in Raleigh. And you're looking for an Intellibank ATM. Is that correct?
Yeah.
Yeah that'd be great. It it I I gotta get it's my kid's birthday and I I forgot to bring cash and he wanted to get. I have to get this thing at a at a market that doesn't take credit card and so well anyways I I gotta get out get out some money. So.
OK. Not a problem. Hold on and I'm looking into that right now.
OK. Thanks. I appreciate your help.
not a problem.
.
OK Justin I have here that the nearest Intellibank ATM is fourteen Main Street.
Oh.
In Raleigh.
That's kinda far away. There's nothing closer?
Well there is another. You can. There's an ATM that you can use for another bank that's closer to you but there will be a three dollar fee for taking it out if it's not at Intellibank.
Oh well that's three dollars is nothing. Yeah I. Can you tell me where that is?
Yes. It's sixty-two Hartfield Road in Raleigh.
Oh.
Hartfield. Oh yeah where is that? I.
And that's South Bank.
Oh OK I know where that is. And they've got a. They've got an ATM. ATMs are getting harder to find. OK and so I can go. you don't know what their limit is do you?
Yes I do. The South Bank limit is because it's not your bank is a limit of two hundred dollars a day. But if you need more than that then the Main Street branch of Intellibank in Raleigh there's a limit of five hundred dollars.
he's. No it's. I'm not gonna it's just his birthday. No that two hundred dollars would be great. OK and that's can you give me that address again? I'm sorry, I wasn't. I didn't.
it's South Bank, sixty-two Hartfield Road.
Perfect. Perfect.
In Raleigh.
All right. Hey you're super. I appreciate it. Have a great day.
Would you like further information about how to find nearby ATMs on our website?
Oh I appreciate that but I I I don't think so. I'd I think the last time gee I don't know when the last time is I used an ATM. You know everything's credit card nowadays it's not. I don't hardly ever spend cash so no I think I think we're good. I think I'll just I'll just head over there. It's it's kinda . It's a bit of a walk but I think I can walk over there.
Well OK and I can I can help you to find any other information if you need it. Anything else that I can help you with?
No I think we're good and I really do appreciate your help.
OK Justin. Thank you for calling.
OK.
All right. Bye bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Anna. How may I help you today?
Yes, ma'am. I'm calling cuz I need to make a wire transfer. Could you tell me please what are the fees.
Absolutely, we actually have three different types of wire transfers. We have domestic, international and we also have bill pay.
bill play pay, please. I forgot to pay my power bill and I went by after work and the office was closed.
Oh no. I am so sorry to hear that but I will be absolutely happy to assist you. The fee would be two dollars and ninety-five cents for account holders.
OK. I have checking and the fee sounds reasonable. Let's get this set up. OK?
OK, absolutely. Let's see, first, may I have your first and last name, please?
Yes, ma'am.
Mildred Pierce, P I E R C E.
OK, Ms. Pierce. may I also have your date of birth.
Yes, ma'am. My birthday is February the fourth, two thousand. And the last four of my social is five nine six oh.
OK, thank you, Ms. Pierce. To verify your birthday is February the fourth, two thousand and the last four of your social was five nine six zero.
Yes, ma'am.
OK, and for verification purposes, may I please have your maiden name?
Yes, ma'am. My maiden name is Green, G R E E N E. My checking account number is zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK, thank you for that, Ms. Pierce. I have your checking account number as zero zero zero seven nine three one. Is that correct?
No. It's zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
Oh, I apologize about that. Let me double check. I have zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, great. And what is the amount that you need to transfer, well, the amount of the bill?
Yes, ma'am. My light bill was one forty-nine twenty-two.
All right, one forty-nine twenty-two.
Yes.
OK, great. Thank you. And what is the name of the the company that you need to transfer the payment to?
It's Omega, O M E G A, Power Company.
OK, thank you, Ms. Pierce. I have Omega Power Company and on your bill they should provide you up on the top right-hand corner with a routing number as well as your account number. Do you see that information?
I'm sorry. One second. The bill is in the other room. Can you hang on so I can grab it?
That is no problem whatsoever, Ms. Pierce. Take your time and let me know whenever you're back.
The routing number is five eight two three seven one eight two eight.
OK, thank you Ms. Pierce. I have the routing number as five eight two three seven one eight two eight. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, and what is the account number?
One eight two nine four four oh oh six five. Could you read that back, please?
Absolutely. The routing number is five eight two three seven one eight two eight. And I have the account number as one eight two nine four four zero zero six five. Do I have that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, wonderful. now I do have the amount of one hundred forty-nine dollars and twenty-two cents coming from checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one, and that is to be transferred over to Omega Power Company. And again I have the routing number as five eight two three seven one eight two eight and your account number as one eight two nine four four zero zero six five. Was that correct?
Correct. How long before they will receive the payment?
OK, after I put the transfer through they will have they will receive that immediately. And with the two dollar and ninety-five cent fee, a total of a hundred and fifty-two dollars and seventeen cents will be deducted from your checking. Is it OK to proceed?
Yes, ma'am.
All right, wonderful. I do have that transfer in the amount of one hundred forty-nine dollars and twenty-two cents. I had that sent to Omega Power. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, ma'am. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
Well, thank you so much. And again my name is Anna. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Rebecca. How can I help you today?
yes I can't find any stores around here that would give me money off my credit card. Do you know any places that I can go to that would get me money off this card. you know what never mind. Just give me some addresses to some local branches I'll just find one myself.
All right sir before I can give you that information. I'll have to find out a little more about your location OK, so you are not at home. Could you give me that street address or your current location please.
yes. It's seven six five three Sunset street Lynchburg, Virginia. two four five oh two. That's the ZIP code.
All right thank you sir. So you're there in Lynchburg, Virginia?
Yes.
All right just give me one moment while I look up that address and see if I can find a few local branches or a bank close by you.
OK I really appreciate that.
Right, sir.
So hows the weather down there where you at?
Oh, it's pretty good down here. We've gotten a few rain drops here and there, but it looks like it's gonna clear up and be nice and sunny this weekend.
Oh, how hot does it get down there?
Oh, it's only about eighty-five degrees right now.
that's some good breezy weather right there.
Oh, yes sir it sure is. It's you can hardly believe it's Fall right now.
Oh, wow you tell me about it.
OK, sir it seems like I've found at least four branches close by. actually with less than one mile from our with with our bank and there's one branch with a local bank there. That is close by as well. Would you like the list of those addresses?
Yes please if you don't mind.
All right sir, get your pen out.
Yes, ma'am. Ready to go.
All right sir that first location is less than a mile away at five oh nine Parkplace.
OK. Park Place.
Right.
Yes, sir right there in Lynchburg.
All right, it's close by.
OK, and that second location is like a half a mile away at six six three Oakcrest Drive. It's zero A K C R E S T.
OK.
OK. All right.
OK the third address here is at seven twenty-five West Lawndale road.
That's a lot. OK spell that.
Lawndale is L A W N D A L E.
All right thank you.
OK, sir and we have a fourth address there it's on the opposite end of Lawndale at seven six five East Lawndale East Lawndale Road excuse me.
Seven six five East Lawndale Road.
Yes, sir.
All right, I got that.
OK, and we have a fifth location that's close by that's actually very close to you. It'd probably about a quarter of a mile but it's with a neighboring bank it looks like a Farmdale bank and trust.
Right.
Oh yeah, OK yes that's close by I'll take that.
OK, sir that ones at four twenty-five.
Four twenty-five.
Marion Court road.
You said Maryland?
Marion, M A R I O N.
OK, Court road.
Yes sir.
All right I got that on there.
All right sir and it looks like you don't have online banking with us. Would you like further information about that. That way if you need any other help about local branches or anything you could just look that up in your account, and then they'll be able to give you a little bit of information about those.
Oh, yes please that'd be lovely.
All right sir you can go online to our website at Intellibank dot com.
OK. Intellibank dot com.
Yes, sir.
All right.
On the main page there we have two links at the upper right corner.
Kay.
That second link on the furthest right says online banking. You'd click on that tab.
OK, online banking.
Once you go to that tab, they'll give you a lot of information you'll have to input it's some of your information. Personal banking information so that they can set up your account.
All right.
You'll need an email address to set that up as well. but once you set up you can access your information twenty-four hours a day . And that way you can just check your banking, set up accounts, and even you know.
All right.
All right. OK, sounds good.
All right. Well thank you so much sir. Sorry I didn't get your name Mr. Reed.
yes. Stanley Reed.
Yes.
Stanley Reed. Sorry about that, sir.
That's all right.
OK Mr. Reed thank you so much for your time and patience. Again my name was Rebecca I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you Rebecca.
Thank you.
Good morning, it's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. How may I help you?
yes. I'd just looked at my account and there's a transaction that I don't recognize, so I I guess I I I guess I'm disputing it.
OK. I'm I'll be happy to help you with that. May I ask who I'm speaking with?
Yes. my name is John Meadows and I live in Dogwood Road in Phoenix.
great, thank you, Mr. Meadows. And what's your first name?
John.
OK. before I can get into your account, I'll need to ask you a few questions. What's your date of birth?
January fifteenth nineteen seventy-five.
Great. And can you please give me your phone number and the last four of your Social?
Yes my phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two. And the last four of my Social, is six three five five let me just double check on that.
Sure.
I always get confused. I gotta have to do the whole Social Security. It's no it that's it. It's six three five five.
OK, great got it. And now I have one last security question. What is your best friend's first name?
Debbie.
OK. Wonderful. Let's see here. I'll get into your account now. what is the dollar amount that we're looking at?
three three ninety-nine. Three hundred and ninety-nine dollars, even.
OK. And what's the transaction date on that?
let's see here. I'm looking it's eight August sixteenth this this past August sixteenth twenty twenty-one.
I see. Let's see. OK. And it looks like that was for UV Business.
Yeah, I've never I've never heard of them. I just. I'm totally drawing a blank on that transaction. I don't recognize the company or anything.
OK. Does anyone else have access to your account who could have made the transaction?
Nope.
And you don't recognize it? do you happen to have any regular membership or subscription fees?
Nope.
Nope. I really. I I've looked at it I've analyzed it. I just do not recognize it. I didn't buy anything for three ninety-nine.
OK.
So I I I'd like to dispute this transaction please.
OK. Sure, so here's what we'll do first of all we're going to lock your card to make sure that it's not being used in improperly, and I will create a report here to investigate this transaction. Please give me a moment while I type in all of those details.
OK. by the way, I I I I want to just check on one thing. On my address I if you could check on that I may have used. I may have given you Dogwood Street. seven fifty-three Dogwood Street here in Phoenix. It's it's actually seven fifty-three Dogwood Road.
thank you, yes we did have Street, I'll correct that as well.
Great.
OK. Let's see. It looks like your dispute is in the system now. And we will have to send you a new card. to ensure that the. Your current card is not being used.
OK.
Incorrectly.
Could you could you give me a balance on that that checking account please?
Yes, certainly. the balance is.
You need the
Do you. You don't need the number?
No, no, I.
well I have your I have your checking account number here. I'm assuming it. That was the account you wanted?
Yes. So let me just double check. I have a couple accounts. I got a checking and a savings, but this is this is on the checking account. This debit card.
OK. Yes, the balance on that account is two thousand three hundred forty-one dollars and fifty-six cents.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
no. I think I So I. You'll send me a new card. how long will that be?
you you'll get it within the week. It takes five to seven days.
OK. Is there any other way? If I see another dispute, is there any other way to handle it other than calling you, as I'm doing now?
There is in fact. Do you have an account with our online service?
No.
OK. So you can go to Intellibank dot com. And click the register button on the home screen. Fill out your information, hit submit and within twenty-four hours, you'll have access to your online account. Then.
So.
I I number one, you want me to set up a an online account. And I would be able to do all of my normal banking then?
That's correct. You could see all of your transactions and you can simply click on a transaction and click dispute this and it will automatically go to our corporate office.
Well hopefully I won't have any more disputes but I don't know where this one came from. but all right. I will do that and I look forward getting the new card. And thank you very much.
Thank you. Again, my name is Cindy, have a great day.
All right. Thank you, Cindy.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Paulson Smith. How can I help you today?
Wow. What a nice name you have Mister Paul. I bet you also look handsome as well.
Thank you very much ma'am. You also have a lovely name. So how can I help you today?
How is your day going? Hope you're having nice day.
My day is going nicely ma'am. How is your day going?
my day my day is going beautifully.
Alright, that's lovely. How can I help you today ma'am?
I got an SMS regarding my account and I'd like to confirm the details if you can help me.
Sure, I can help you with the needed information. What information would you like to know about concerning your account?
I'd like for you to check my account balance.
OK ma'am. May I please have your first and last name?
Sure. My first name is Kate. And my last name is Thompson.
What is your date of birth please?
My date of birth is the twenty-ninth of January. Nineteen ninety-nine.
Can you verify the last four digits of your Social Security number?
Sure, I can. but please hold on a moment.
OK ma'am. Take your time.
OK, I've got it. The last four digits of my security number is four five seven four.
OK. For your security question, what was the name of your first pet?
The name of my first pet was Zion.
Oh, that's a lovely name. What is your bank account type?
My bank account type is it's a checking account.
OK. What is your account number?
I'm so sorry. I think I need to check my purse to bring out the account number. Please hold on a moment.
OK, take your time ma'am.
OK. My account number is four five nine eight. sorry sorry I made a mistake. it's four five nine five two eight seven four three six.
OK, please hold while I check your account balance please.
OK.
Alright. Thanks for holding the line ma'am. Your checking account balance is two thousand one hundred and fifteen dollars and twenty-five cents. Again, your checking account balance is two thousand one hundred and fifteen dollars and twenty-five cents. Would you like further information about online banking in order to check your account balance yourself in the future?
no thank you.
OK, is there anything else I can do for you today?
That will be all. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Again, my name is Paulson Smith. Thank you for your time and have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Donte. Could I get your first and last name please?
Yes, it's Mark. Mark Williams.
Thank you very much Mr. Williams. And how can I help you today?
Yes, I was calling in I was wanting to check the status of my or the balance of my checking account.
OK. I'll be more than happy to assist you with checking the balance on your checking account today. And to start off with I will need to verify some information, however. so I can access the account. All right? Can I get your address please?
Yes, it's three five one two Snyder Avenue Newark New Jersey zero seven one zero seven.
Thank you. And your phone number?
Yes, it's seven zero one seven nine three zero four three four.
Thank you. And lastly, what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Lewis.
Thank you very much Mr. Williams. All right so let's see here. now what is your checking account number?
It's three nine five eight three six four. Oh hold on. Nope that's not it. Gimme one moment here. I got that was the wrong account. Gimme one second. Let me go find it.
OK. Not a problem. Take your time.
I'm sorry about that. It's in here in my wallet somewhere. I'm trying to get me one of them new trucks that came out yesterday. Them new Ford F one fifty Damn those things are sharp!
Yeah, I did see them. They they they do look really good.
Yeah, I've been dreaming about one of them since I was twelve years old and by golly I think I'm gonna go get one.
Oh that's nice.
I wish you luck in that endeavor.
Well thank you. All right. Here's my here's my account number.
All right. Whenever you're ready.
It's three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven.
Thank you. Let me get that back. That was three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven?
Yes, that's correct.
Perfect. Thank you. Let's see here All right so on your checking account, I'm showing you have a balance of one thousand two hundred twenty-three dollars and thirteen cents.
All right perfect. and while you're at it, can you go ahead and check my savings account and I and my and my auto loan account because I'm going to go trade in my car and I I don't know how much I got left to pay on it.
Absolutely. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that information. Let's see All right so I am showing you do have a savings account ending in four seven dash one.
yes, that's correct .
All right. So with that account you have available balance of seven hundred ninety-three dollars and fifty-three cents. and on your auto loan I'm showing only one, well, I'm showing two. One's been paid off. so one's still open. And that's one's showing a balance of five thousand six hundred twenty-three dollars and seventy-two cents.
Oh perfect thank you. I think they offered me ten thousand on my trade in so I think that'll be good.
Yeah yeah. I think you'll have more to cover it. Plus a little little bit extra.
Yeah I sure will. Hey is there any way that I can check in without having to call in all the time cuz you guys are only open till five and sometimes I like to check my account balance in the evening.
Oh absolutely. I'd be more than happy to go over the information on how to set this up. We have both online and a mobile app that you can download from the app store.
What type of device do you use? Is it an iPhone or an Android operating system?
it's iPhone.
All right. Perfect. If you go down into your app store and then do just a search for Intellibank. That's I N T E L I B A N K. mobile M O B I L E you should pull up the app.
Oh yep yep I see it right here.
All right. Well go ahead and download it. and then once you download it just follow the on screen instructions with your account information and then it'll have you put put in your personal information and then it'll have you create a a login. and if you want, I can go ahead and send you an email also with the step by step instructions. in case you have any questions.
Yes, Yes. That would be perfect, thank you.
All right. Can I get your email address please?
Yes it's B R I T F one five zero at Gmail dot com.
Thank you very much for that information. All right. So I went ahead and sent that email out to you. All right? It'll be a step by step instructions. And actually if you click on the link that's in the instructions It'll take you to the the it'll actually open the application for you and then start walking you through the process of setting it up.
Oh perfect thank you.
Well you are quite welcome Mr. Williams. Was there anything else at all that could I help you with today?
No that's about it. I really appreciate it.
Well, you are quite welcome. Thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a great day.
Thanks you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
I need to report a lost credit card.
OK. I'm sorry to hear that.
can I get your first and your last name?
Yes, it is Crystal Humphrey.
All right. And what's your date of birth?
Ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
OK. What is your credit card number on the account?
I don't have that with me because it's lost.
OK. All right. We'll keep moving through here if you can maybe keep looking? security question. For security reasons, I'll ask you your security question. And that is what is the name of your first pet?
Shaggy.
OK. and you you're saying you don't have the credit card number?
I don't. No, I don't know it off the top of my head.
OK, well lemme ask you. When was the the date of the loss?
I think it was yesterday when I was out running errands and shopping cuz I haven't been able to find it since then.
OK. So did you use it yesterday? do you know where you used it last?
I think it was yesterday.
I think it was Target.
Target. OK. Do you know like what city?
Arlington.
OK All right. Let's see what else we can try to figure out for you? are you looking to to cancel that credit card and get a new one or or what's your plan?
Yes.
I wanna Yeah, I'd like to cancel that one and just have a new one issued.
OK. we'll send you a new card. Can you give me a good address to send you that new card?
Yeah, it's one seven eight nine, North Tucker Boulevard Arlington, Texas.
OK. OK, you should receive the new card in seven to fifteen business days and when you get the card you're just gonna call the number that's on the card and to activate it, and it should be activated after that.
OK, great.
OK, so the last piece is I just need that credit card number so I can so I can complete this transaction.
Yeah, still I don't have it. I don't have it right now.
OK. So you can't. Well.
I'll have to find something that has it written down or I'll have to look at some of my accounts or something.
OK. Well, unfortunately, we won't be able to complete this transaction today because we'll have to need we need that information.
OK.
so I'm sorry. When you get that information you could always just call it back in and and we'll finish it for you, OK?
OK. I sure will.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with?
yeah. I have a charge to dispute.
Oh, right. You want to dispute a transaction?
Yes.
OK, is it the same account?
no. It's a different one.
OK, and what's that account number?
the you need the bank account number or the credit card number?
Gimme both.
OK. The credit card number is four four eight five, nine nine five nine, four four two five, nine seven four three. And then the account number is two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
OK. what was the dollar amount that's in dispute?
one seventeen eighty-six. So a hundred seventeen dollars and eighty-six cents.
All right. and what was that date that you think it was taken out of the account?
August twenty-eight.
OK. August twenty-eighth. And then what's the what's the reason for the dispute?
it's more than what it should've been for a subscription fee. And that's not the right charge.
OK, and what do you think the charge should be?
it should only be ninety-seven dollars and fifty cents.
OK. And what company is that with?
A T and T.
OK. A T and T. All right. What we're gonna do is we'll launch an investigation. it should take ten to thirty business days to get a result for you trying to see if we can find out exactly what went on there at A T and T right now, we'll lock the card, you know, so we can protect you from future fraudulent charges. Is that gonna be OK?
Yes, that'll be fine.
OK. Would you like me to transfer funds into another account while we have this account locked?
yeah, we can do that cuz I have that second checking account so we can just move it over to that one to make sure we're safe.
OK, how much money would you like to move over?
five hundred dollars, please.
OK. And then what is the account number for the account we're going to put the funds into.
OK, that one is seven six five one two three four five seven six.
OK. Well, it looks like that should take place one to three business days. You'll see the funds into the new account. And then you'll get an email about the investigation on the dispute on the funds from the other account.
OK. Thank you so much.
You're so welcome. Have a great day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. What can I do for you today?
yeah, I'd like to close my account and transfer the money from the closed account to another one.
Sure, no problem. May I have your full name and date of birth, please?
Sure James Forest. And my date of birth is March first nineteen eighty-one. Also the account I'm looking to close is my savings and the account number is one four one two five two.
Great. Thanks. May I ask why you're looking to close that account?
Oh it's just it's not working for me anymore.
Oh I understand. for your security question, what is the name of your first pet?
Soliman.
Thank you. Which account would you like to use for the deposit?
Oh, my checking account.
OK. I'll just need the routing number and account number in order to make that transfer.
OK. Sure. The routing number is zero zero zero two three two one four seven. And the account number is one four one two five three.
Thanks for that information. So just to confirm, the residual balance in your savings account is five hundred and twenty dollars. I will close this account today and transfer this amount to your checking account. These changes will take effect today.
Oh OK, thank you.
You're welcome. Would you be interested in any information regarding other online banking products at this time?
No, no. I check my online account a lot so I'm up to date with your products.
Oh, well that's good to hear. Is there anything else I can do to help?
Just one more question. In the future, do I need to call the the helpline to close my account? Or can I just do do that online?
You would actually need to call the bank for that.
Mm OK. That's good to know. Thanks for your help again.
Sure, my pleasure. Thanks again for calling Intellibank.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Anna. How may I help you today?
How are you today? Beautiful weather.
Yes. Ma'am It sure is and I'm doing very well thank you so much for asking. How about yourself?
I'm doing well. I'm enjoying weather so much that I walked to the farmers market today to grab a few items planned to get cash back to grab some lunch but they don't do that. Now I'm on foot and the closest restaurant I like they don't take debits there.
Oh my goodness I'm so sorry to hear that. If you would like I can actually help find an ATM close to you.
Yes you would do that? Thank you.
Absolutely. let's see. What is the street address you are by?
I'm at Sammy restaurant at seven thirteen stone street.
OK. That was seven thirteen stone street?
Yes ma'am.
OK, and what city would that be?
Brunswick.
OK, and what state?
Georgia.
OK. Great, just one moment please while I look that up.
OK. Here we go I do have a listing for you now I only found two ATMs that is within walking distance now there's one that's pretty close to you, it's only about a block away from Sammy's but the thing about that, it's with oceanside credit union and since they are not in our network it would be a three dollar fee to use. Now the street address of that one if you would like is, one three nine Horner street. Now a couple of blocks away from there we do have one of our ATMs and of course that's free to use since you are one of our customers and the street address for that one is at two nine three Vineyard drive.
I don't mind the walk. How much is the debit withdraw limit?
And could I also access savings.
yes ma'am absolutely at any of our ATMs you are able to access both your checking and you savings and the daily withdraw limit for both of those would be six hundred dollars.
Great for future reference can I access a list of the ATM locations from website? Going on vacation soon and it would really be helpful.
Oh. Absolutely you can all you have to do is go to our webpage which is, WWW dot Intellibank dot com and then scroll down to the bottom of the homepage and on the right hand side you will see a link that says access ATMs and branch locations. Just click on that and then it'll bring you to another page and then you just type in the street address and the city and the town where you are and it'll bring up both a listing of all the different ATMs and branch locations as well as the phone numbers for them, and it'll also have a map and if you click over on the list of the different locations. The map will actually just you know give you directions from where you're at to where the ATM is, so you don't have to figure it all out. All that good stuff.
Will I have to set up an online banking to access?
no ma'am not for that now if you did want to access your banking information you would need to set up the online banking, but just to look at the different ATM locations and the branch locations you wouldn't have to, but if you would like I'd be happy to go ahead and help you set up the online banking.
No. Not right now thank you though.
OK. Not a problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually there is.
Either today or tomorrow I'm going to need to wire my brother some money. Do y'all do that?
Yes. Ma'am we sure do.
Great. How would I go about doing that?
OK. Either you can do that online you can go to any of our branch locations, or we can help you right here on our hotline.
OK. Now what information will I need?
OK. All you would need is your account number from where you would like the money to be withdrawn from and as far as your brother's information, all you need is the routing number of his bank and his account number now does he bank with us?
Yes.
OK. Great since he does bank with us, there'd be no charge. If it was going to a different bank then there would be a fifty dollar fee that's the whole reason I asked.
OK. Thanks.
would you actually like me to help you with that right now?
No thanks. I still need to get some information from him.
All right. Not a problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.
OK. Well thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Shawn. How can I help you today?
my name is Kyle Goodwin. G O O D W I N. And I need to find an ATM located close to my house.
Absolutely, Mr. Goodwin. If you can provide me with the address you're located at, I can certainly find a list of ATMs that might work for you.
Two four eight Rockaway Street, Camden, New Jersey ZIP code zero eight one zero five.
All right, thank you for that information, Mr. Goodwin. I see here that there are quite a few ATMs located near you. would you just like the closest one to you?
Yes, please.
All right. The closest one looks like it's going to be at four hundred Market Avenue in Camden, New Jersey.
OK. I. What. What. What's the daily draw. Withdrawal limit on that ATM card?
the daily withdrawal limit on your debit card is five thousand dollars, Mr. Goodwin.
All right. I. I need. I need to do an a. An account balance on my checking.
Absolutely. I can help you check that. If you could give me your date of birth and the last four digits of your social, please?
June thirtieth, nineteen sixty-two. And social is four nine three six.
Thank you very much, Mr. Goodwin. And if you can verify the answer to your security question here. What is your mother's maiden name?
Rock. R O C K.
Great, thank you very much for that information. Mr. Goodwin.
And now you wanted to check the available account balance on your checking account, is that correct?
That's correct.
All right. I see you have a two different checking accounts active with us. which one of those would you like to check the balance on?
The one ending in three zero eight zero.
Three zero eight zero. All right. Let me pull that account up. Bear with me one moment, the system seems to be running a little slow today. All right. Sorry about the wait there. Our computers have been running slow today. I believe they're doing some sort of update to our network. I've got your account pulled up here, and it's showing that your available balance as of today in this account is twelve thousand four hundred and twenty-three dollars and seventeen cents.
OK, that sounds great.
All right, Mr. Goodwin. Was there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope. You've done. You did a great job.
All. I very much appreciate that, Mr. Goodwin. And if you hang on the line, there is a voluntary survey you can take part in to let us know here at Intellibank how we did today, and how we can improve for the future.
All right. Thank you.
All right. If you just hang on the line, that survey will be connected in a moment. You have a wonderful rest of your day, Mr. Goodwin.
OK, you too, as well. Thank you.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kelly. How can I assist you today?
. Yeah, my name is Joe Spring. I need to update some information on my account. Can you help me with that today? I've been so busy outside in this nice weather today. How's the weather there?
Oh, it's a beautiful sunny day here.
My wife kept reminding me that I needed to update my account so that's what I'm doing now.
Certainly Mr. Spring. I'll be more than more than glad to help you with that. Now Mr. Spring, I need to obtain some information from you so we can get your account updated.
Sure. No problem. Do I have to get my account number? Where do I find that at?
Yes Mr. Spring. You'll have to provide your account number. You'll find that located on the top right corner of your billing statement.
OK. Yeah, I see it.
OK and Mr. Spring may I have your first and last name?
Joe Spring.
Date of birth?
Nine twenty-two nineteen eighty-one.
Authenticating ID number.
One six nine eight five two.
And for security purposes, what is the name of your first pet?
Toby.
And your account number?
Six two two four zero four.
And Mr. Spring, what type of personal information are we updating today?
My address.
May I have your street address?
One two one two Main Avenue, Seattle Washington two nine eight nine nine.
OK Mr. Spring. Let me confirm back your information you have provided me with so far. I have the first and last name as Joe Spring. Date of birth nine twenty-two nineteen eighty-one. Your ID number is one six nine eight five two. And the security question was the name of your first pet Toby. And your account number is six two two four zero four. And the type of personal information you're updating today is your address which is twelve twelve Main Avenue, Seattle Washington two nine eight nine nine. Mister Spring, I have updated your mailing address to your account successfully. Would you like any further information on how we can set up an account online for future updates?
That would be really helpful. Than I could do this myself.
Yes, Mister Spring. You can visit our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com and create your account in the top right corner. Make sure you have your account number handy as it will ask for this information while setting up your account. You can also download the banking app for your phone after you set up your account at either Google Play or the Apple Store. Both are free to download and add to your phone or mobile devices.
Great! Thank you Kelly. What if I wanted to set up a wire transfer? How would I do that?
Well that's a great question Mr. Spring. You can do that through your account online or you can call the helpline anytime twenty-four seven. You will need to have all the details of the recipient account information, the amount to transfer.
Well, OK. That's good to know. I didn't realize you guys were twenty-four seven on the helpline.
Oh yes. We're available twenty-four seven on the helpline so our customers can always reach us.
That's good. Really good.
Now is there any other questions or assistance I can offer you today Mr. Spring?
No. No, I think I'm good. Thanks.
Well Mr. Spring, thank you so much for being a valued customer of Intellibank and feel fee free to reach out to us anytime, day or night, twenty-four seven and we'll be more than happy to assist you with all your banking needs.
Thank you! That sounds amazing! I hope you have a really good day.
Well, thank you so much Mr. Spring and I hope you do too.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Chelsie. How may I help you?
Hello, I'm calling again today. I called you guys yesterday about my account being compromised.
OK. And, can I have your first and last name?
Lawrence Taylor.
OK, Mr. Taylor. And, can I have your date of birth?
January the thirteenth nineteen seventy-three.
OK, thank you. And, can I have your account number?
Yes. It's four five four three three two one.
And, for the security code, can I have your mother's maiden name, please?
Haynes.
OK. Thank you. I see that you did call us yesterday. I apologize for the inconvenience. Were you ever, were you ever able to look closely at the account?
No. I would just like to close the account, please.
OK, and can I have the account number that you'd like to close?
Yes, two oh five eight six seven three oh two.
OK. And, I'm sorry. I didn't catch that. Can you repeat it, please?
Two oh five eight six seven three oh two.
OK, thank you.
Hello, hello?
Yes?
Hello, can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear you.
The weather is really bad here. I cannot hear you.
OK. Can you hear me OK, now?
Yes. Is that thunder in your background or mine?
I believe it's in your background, sir. The weather is pretty nice here.
Oh, OK. I can hear you better now.
OK. And, back to closing the account. can I ask why you would like to close the account?
Yes. I believe that it has been hacked. I keep getting random withdrawals. I would like to take the money from that account and put it in a different account, please.
OK. and, which account would you like to transfer it to?
My savings.
OK. And, can I have the routing number for the account that will receive the funds?
Wait one second.
It is five five four three five seven four. Sorry for the wait.
OK. Thank you. And, can I have the bank account number you wish to use for the deposit?
Yes.
It's three five six six five three five.
OK. Give me one second to transfer that over and close the account for you.
OK. I do have that transfer complete. And I. And it will take twenty-four to forty-eight hours to show in your account. is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes. Yes, there is one more thing I would like you to do for me I would like to know how much money is, you transferred from my savings?
OK, one second. so, when we closed the account, there was three hundred and fifty-seven dollars that we transferred over to your savings account. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, thank you. That'll be it.
OK. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Chelsie. Have a great day.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Hello. Is this a real person?
Yes. Yes sir it so.
Thank God. I'm I'm sorry but I've I'm gonna have to close my account with with your bank. just I have reasons I need to do it.
Oh sir I'm so sorry to hear that . Well first I'm gonna have to gather some pieces of information from you . can you please verify your your date of birth and your address please?
My date of birth is four seven nineteen seventy-three and my address is two twenty-seven Hickory Lane, Pineville, West Virginia six six seven eight one.
The name on the account?
Parker J Thomas.
Yes sir. Thank you very much. And could you please verify your security question of your favorite pet?
Favorite pet was Butch.
Thank you sir for that information. And you said that you were wanting to close an account today, yes sir.
Yes, ma'am, it. It's nothing personal. It's just me and my partner we're gonna consolidate our accounts and you know it's it's nothing personal so we're just have have to do. It's just the best thing for me to do at this point.
OK.
I really hate to hear that sir and I really hate to lose your business. here at here at Intellibank, we pride ourselves on taking really good care of our customers and giving great customer service. if if there's any way that I could sway you in any other direction please let me know.
I'm s~
I'm sorry. It's just it's just not gonna happen but I appreciate it. You guys have done nothing wrong but I I have to I have to do this with my partner so.
OK sir OK. What what I need you to do is I need you to please confirm if we are doing this from a savings or checking or exactly what
It's.
It I only have a checking but I can't find the number right now. Is there any way any other way I could get a verification or?
could you please maybe give me maybe give me your social?
yeah, hold on. It's it's two eight eight four five six nine eight five.
Yes, thank you sir.
Is that correct?
Yes that is correct and.
I'm sorry I just don't have all my information here.
No problem sir. and you said that you were wanting to close out an account?
I need to close that account and have it have it all transferred to another bank where I'm moving to with my partner.
OK, yes sir and I will be happy to give you the information on your balance and when the transfer will happen and when the account will close .
Yeah. Could I have my balance?
Yes sir. You have six thousand one hundred and eighty dollars and fifteen cents.
That's what it says on my ledger.
Yes, you're exactly right. And the the transaction will happen today at nine thirty twenty-one and it will be closed by tomorrow on October first of twenty twenty.
OK.
Twenty-one.
Yeah, the farmer's almanac says it's gone be a really bad winter this year.
I heard that. I've heard that, and I.
They didn't even fix the roads
They didn't fix the roads this year, so imagine how bad the roads are gonna be next year.
You're exactly right, sir.
By the time May rolls
Around it's gonna be all messed up. Gonna be changing all your ball joints and struts on your car. It's just gonna be a mess.
Yes. I am not a fan of the cold weather either. I'd really like to be somewhere where it's warmer.
The Department of Highways need to get their act together .
Yes sir, I do agree. And is there anything else that I could help you with today sir?
yeah I'm gonna be depositing it to the Fiftieth first Street Bank.
Yes sir. Yes and that transaction will happen at the end of the business day today.
OK.
And we can verify that for you if you need us to send you maybe an email.
Yeah, that'd be great.
And and what would be the account number on your account?
Oh for well it's it's nine zero five one two five nine three.
Yes sir.
It w~
You know would it be possible to just come in and get a cashier's check and that that might make it easier on everybody. I don't .
Yes sir. I mean we you you are more than able to do that. There's no problem there. We can accommodate you.
never never.
Never mind. Just just do it like that. That'll be OK . Yeah just use. Just transfer it over to that account and I'll check it. When when you say it'll be available, tomorrow?
OK yes sir. Yes sir. The account will close at the end of the business day today and you can expect everything to be up and running by October the first.
OK and my address my new address or you don't need any of that right?
Yes sir. I I do need you to clarify your address for me if you could.
OK the new address will be one two three Larwood Drive, L A R wood and my email is Parker Thomas at Gmail my driver's license number is West Virginia one six eight three five seven and see what else. Is that good?
Yes sir. That that is just fine. Thank you very much for for clarifying any any and all of that information on the account.
Is that enough information?
Did I give you too much information there?
Sir, you are completely OK. That is fine. is there any other kind of any kind any other kind of bank options that we could discuss with you today? Anything else that we could help you with other than closing your account?
All right.
I'm sorry. I hate be leaving here. You guys have been great but thank you so much for everything. I appreciate it in the past and I guess that's it for the day.
OK well I am I'm so very sorry that we couldn't retain you as as as a customer. We pride ourselves in taking care of our customers through great customer service and if at at any time that you decide that you want to switch back to our bank please feel free to call us back.
If I ever have to switch bank you guarantee this'll be the place.
I thank you so much sir.
No problem.
Thank you very much. Any Anything else I can help you with?
I guess that's all.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Joanna. How can I help you today?
Hi, my name is Paul Dancer. I want to close my savings account and transfer the money into my checking.
OK, Mr. Dancer. I. Before I can complete your request, I need to ask a few questions for security purposes.
can I have your full name?
Yes. Paul Dancer.
OK, that is Paul Dancer. D A N C E R.
Yes.
OK, Mr. Dancer. Can I have your date of birth, please?
Yes. My date of birth is eleven thirteen one nine seven four.
OK, so your birthdate is eleven thirteen nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
Could I get your driver's license please sir?
Yes, my driving license number is, six one nine five two four nine six eight.
OK, that number is six one nine five two, four nine six eight?
Yes.
OK, for security purposes, could I get your mother's maiden name please?
Yes. Her maiden name is Baker.
All right, and so Mr. Dancer, you would like to transfer. You would like to close out your account and transfer to a new account Which account were you closing you say?
Yeah.
I'm closing the savings.
OK, so what is your savings account number that you're closing?
It's five one four eight one, nine nine, two zero I meant. Excuse me. Two nine zero.
OK, again that number is five one four eight one nine nine, two nine zero.
Yes.
All right, and what is the reason for closing this account?
I actually gotta. I wanna move to a new bank.
Hmm, all right, so you're moving to a new bank?
Yes.
Well, we sure hate to see you go, Mr. Dancer. Please keep us in mind for any, future banking needs.
I sure will.
OK, so, could I get the routing number for that new account? Is this going to be a checking or savings account?
it. It's going to be a checking.
All right. Checking account. And what was that number?
you want the routing or the checking?
the routing number please.
OK, the routing number is zero, one nine, five five, six three seven seven.
OK, again that number is zero one nine, five five, six three seven seven.
Yes.
OK. And you said that is a checking account?
yes. This is a checking.
OK, so could you give me that checking account number please?
Yes, my checking account is, five eight six zero two, four three, seven seven two.
OK, that new account number will be five eight six, zero two, four three seven seven two?
Correct.
OK, Mr. Dancer. Currently your balance is, one thousand three hundred and sixty-seven dollars and forty-three cents. you want that full amount, transferred from your old checking account. I mean your old savings account to your new checking account?
Yes.
All right. Give me one moment while I process that transfer for you sir.
OK.
All right, Mr. Dancer. I have a transaction pin, for you whenever you're ready.
OK. Just a minute. Let me find a. Something to write with.
All right.
OK.
OK, that transaction pin is two zero four, five nine seven six, eight nine.
OK, I wanna make sure I got the number right.
OK.
Did you say two zero four, five nine seven six eight nine.
Yes sir. That's correct.
OK.
All right. This transfer is completed. Your account will be closed within the next twenty-four hours, and the transferred amount of one thousand three hundred and sixty-seven dollars and forty-three cents, should go in to that next account by eight a.m. , tomorrow morning.
Eight a.m. tomorrow morning?
Yes sir.
OK, thank you. I got that.
OK. Is that all for you today sir?
yes I believe so.
All right. Thank you very much Mr. Dancer for your time and patience. Again, My name is Joanna. And enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. You too.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Brittany. How may I help you?
Yes, I'm calling because I need to find a branch in my location and make an internal transfer.
OK. Can I have your first and last name?
Gerald Goodwin. And my date of birth is three nineteen nineteen eighty-seven.
OK. Thank you. And your address that we have on file?
OK. Hold on.
Yes. It's four five three Southwest Tenth Street Saint Louis Missouri.
OK. Thank you. And for your security code can I have your mother's maiden name please?
Pullam.
OK. Thank you. So you stated that you would like to locate a branch in your location, is that correct?
Yes, please. I also need to make an internal transfer too.
OK. and can I have the street address? Well we'll do the branch location first and then we'll do the internal transfer. afterwards. but can I have the street address where you are inquiring?
Eight one one Pecan Way Drive.
OK. Thank you. And the city and state?
Live Oak Virginia.
OK. Give me one second. Let me see if I can locate branch locations in your area. OK. I do see that there are several branch locations near you. there is a branch located on Fifty-third Street one mile away. there is also a branch it looks here Fifth Avenue and Tenth Street five miles away from you on Southeast Boulevard. also on Wilmer Drive International about point eight miles away. there's a branch. Would you like further information about how to find ATMs in your location using our online banking tool?
No. Thank you. Also, I would like to move money from one account to another. I love to fish and these and there is a fish tournament next week. The entry cost is five hundred dollars and the top prize winner takes home four thousand, so I really would like to enter. I think I can win. Do you enjoy fishing?
no not necessarily. Is it nice?
Yes, especially when the weather is beautiful. it's in California. Is the weather nice where you are?
Yes it is, thank you.
OK. So you would like to make an internal transfer or you'd like to make a transfer is this an internal or external transfer?
Internal. It's from my savings to my checking account.
OK. I can help you with the transfer. What is the account number you would like to withdraw from and how much?
I would like to withdraw five hundred from my savings account number six four two six seven eight nine five and put it in my checking account number two four seven nine six four please.
OK. So to confirm, you are transferring five hundred dollars from your savings ending in seven eight nine five to your checking ending in seven nine six four?
Is this correct?
Yes.
OK. OK. So I do have those funds transferred. so you have a balance of eight hundred thirty-four dollars and ninety-four cents in your checking account and let me see your savings here and you have a balance of ten thousand three hundred dollars. in your savings account. OK. So as I'm finishing this up, would you like further information about setting up online banking? in order to transfer your funds more conveniently in the future?
No, that's it. Thank you.
.
can you give me the amount that's in my savings again?
Oh sure the amount that is in your savings is ten thousand and three hundred dollars.
Oh OK thank you.
All right is there anything else that I can do for you?
No. Thank you and have a blessed day.
All right no problem again thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Brittany and you have a great day.
You too.
Good morning. Intellibank. This is Amanda. How may I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnson. I just got this notice in the mail regarding a problem with my account. I don't know what's going on with that and I want to see if you can help me with that, please.
OK. And what did the notice say the problem was with your account?
Well the notice from Intellibank said.
Intellibank?
Yes. Intellibank. That's what I meant.
OK. I was just checking because there is an actual Intellibank. And a lot of people will call us all the time.
no. Mine's Intellibank.
OK.
The letter says that I had an overdraft fee, but I had money in my account at the time those items went through.
It says I had two charges. One for thirty-two dollars and ninety-six cents. And one for sixty-three dollars and seventy-four cents. And they charged me sixty-four dollar overdraft fees.
But I had a deposit for three-hundred to cover these at the time before they went through.
OK. What's your full name?
Jennifer Johnson. And my birthdate is eight six two thousand in case you need it.
OK. And what's the last four digits of your social security number?
Seven three nine four.
OK. Seven three nine four. Do you know your account number?
No, but if you hold on just a second I can get it.
OK. Go ahead. I'll wait.
OK. I have it.
OK. Go ahead.
It's eight zero zero zero. Seven nine six one. One zero.
OK. That eight zero zero zero, seven nine, six one, one zero.
Yes. That's right.
OK. Give me a sec to pull up your account.
OK. So how's the weather been there?
it's been OK here today.
Has it been raining there? It's been raining here.
No, but if it's raining where you are it'll probably be raining here soon. OK. Could you verify your security question for me?
Yes.
OK. It's what street did you grow up on?
Adams Street.
OK. I have your account all pulled up. And what was the amount for the first one?
It was thirty-two dollars and ninety-six cents.
OK. Do you know what day it was on?
It was around July twenty-ninth I think.
OK. let me see if I can find that one.
OK. And what was the second amount for?
It was for sixty-three dollars and seventy-four cents.
And it was also around July twenty-ninth.
OK. I can see the transactions that you're talking about. What was the amount of the deposit?
Three hundred dollars. And I made it the same day before they came out.
OK. give me just a second to go over these for you, OK?
OK.
OK, Jennifer. Sorry it took so long. I looked over these and from what I can see it shows your deposit was made on July twenty-ninth for the three-hundred dollars. But those transactions were actually pending before the deposit was made. So when you made your deposit, it looked like all of them were made, you know, at the same time and that it wouldn't be a problem. But once they all went through. It actually showed the time of the transactions was before the deposit which caused our system to charge you the sixty-four dollars in the overdraft fees.
Why are the charges so high though?
well overdraft fees are actually thirty-two dollars for each one, and you had two overdrafts causing it to be sixty-four dollars.
But I have bounce protection.
Yes, unfortunately a lot of people kind of get those confused. The bounce protection allows the bank to pay for any transactions that you have that go through whenever you don't have money in your account. But unfortunately it doesn't eliminate the overdraft fees.
Oh, OK.
I think I'd like to close my account out today and have my remaining balance moved to my other bank account.
OK. Well I did want to tell you know that I did notice that this was the very first time that you've ever even had overdraft fees on your account. So I am able to offer you a refund on those fees. we're able to do that once every twelve months.
That'd be great. But I still want to close my account.
Oh, OK. May I ask you why you would like to close your account out with us today?
I found a bank that offers no overdraft fees at all, and I'm just gonna go with them for now.
Oh, OK. Well I completely understand that. Unfortunately, Intellibank at this time are not able to offer completely free overdraft fees. But I will refund you your sixty-four dollars today to your account. And then I will work on closing out your account for you. Can you give me a minute to get that done?
Yes.
OK. Well I just want to let you know I did get your sixty-four dollars refunded to your account. And right now it shows that your balance is a hundred and seventy-three dollars and eighty-three cents. Do you have anything else coming out of this account in the future?
no. Nothing should be coming out.
OK. And you said you wanted your balance transferred to another bank account.
Yes.
OK. What's the routing number for the account that you want your deposit to go in?
It's eight nine one one three eight seven seven five.
OK. That's eight nine one one, three eight seven seven five.
Yes.
OK. And what's the account number?
It's seven zero zero zero seven five one six, nine one three four.
OK. That's seven zero zero zero, seven five one six, nine one three four.
Yeah, that's right.
Alright. So we have your balance a hundred and seventy-three eighty three going into your other account for you. And that should go in there today. And I also have your account here closed. for you as of today. Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Nope. That's it. Thank you .
OK. Well you're welcome. And I hope to have you back as another customer for us in the future, Jennifer. You have a great day.
You too.
Alright, thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Make it a great day. This is Casey Watkins. How can I help you?
Yes. Miss miss missus missus or miss Watkins, which one?
Missus.
OK.
Well congratulations.
Well I I I need to actually make an internal transfer. And I didn't know how to go about doing so.
OK. Sure I can definitely help you out with that. Can I please get your first and last name?
Yes. It is Charles Johnson.
OK. All right mister Johnson and I'm gonna go ahead and let you know that we are on a recorded line and this is a secure line and I'm gonna give you my agent number which is, eight two five seven one four. For your reference and so now can I go ahead and from you for account verification purpose, get the last digits of your social security number?
It is two seven nine three.
OK, and your date of birth.
My date of birth is October twenty-seven nineteen seventy-eight.
OK.
Perfect I got your accounts pulled up here. And so I see that you have a checking account a personal checking account with us and then also a personal savings account with us. and so in order for me to pull up your transactions I need you to go ahead and answer your two security questions we that have on file. the first one is, what was the name of your very first pet?
The name. Her name was Oranges.
very nice was she orange is that why you named her that?
Yeah I just love oranges.
OK.
OK. I. I do too OK. And then the second security question I have is, what was the name of the city that you were married in?
The city was called Homestead Homestead in Floridia.
OK. Homestead, is that all one word?
All one word.
OK. Perfect. OK. Those were correct. So you get
I get.
Points?
Yeah.
Those like those work great cuz I'm gonna get points
You get, you get you get your account information pulled up.
.
Very interesting.
Call, I appreciate it.
Oh.
So OK. So yeah. I've got both your accounts pulled up here OK so You're looking to do an internal transfer, so are you looking to transfer from your either savings to checking or your checking to savings or were you transferring to a different account over to that?
Yeah I wanted to transfer ten thousand dollars from my checking account to my savings account.
OK.
Got it, OK, and I have the ability to do the transfer now or I can schedule the transfer in the future.
Is there a fee for the transfer?
No sir. There's no fee for either one.
Oh. Let's let's do it now.
OK.
While the price is right.
before anything changes.
That's right.
OK. So OK. So ten thousand even?
Yes.
OK All right I've got that set up in the system, OK so I need you to go ahead and verbally confirm that we are transferring ten thousand dollars immediately from your checking account ending in eight seven six two to your savings account ending in nine nine eight one.
Yes.
OK. Perfect. Let me go ahead and execute that transfer.
OK.
All right and it looks like that went through so when you go ahead and then log into your accounts you're gonna go ahead and see that that money is immediately in your savings account. and then so it will have left your checking already.
OK. I appreciate that, that means a lot.
Yeah sure no problem. OK so and I do wanna go ahead and bring to your attention that you are eligible to apply for our new platinum Intellibank Mastercard and it actually has we have six months no interest on the card and then after that the interest rate is actually only three point nine nine per month so it's an amazing deal on a card and you actually get rewards with it so every time you you spend points on gas or grocery purchases, you get money back.
Is that something you'd be interested in applying for today?
no thank you for the offer though. Very thorough in explaining it. I'm fine I appreciate it, It's good to know.
OK. Yeah sure no problem. OK so yeah I think that that was your main reason for calling into today. So I do wanna thank you for your loyalty to Intellibank. I see that you've been a member for actually fifteen years now and just to let you know, once you get to twenty years, we send all of our members a watch as a gift for their loyalty to our bank.
Oh. Goodness that's that's amazing.
Yes sir. so thank you so much we do appreciate you being a customer and if there's nothing else I just appreciate you calling in today.
I appreciate you thank you.
All right thank you sir. Have a great weekend.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
yes I got something in the mail. I have a problem with my with my account.
OK. before I could complete your request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
can I get your first and last name?
First name David last name Lee.
All right first name David last name Lee.
Yes.
K what is your date of birth sir?
My date of birth is ten eleven nineteen seventy-four.
So your date of birth is ten eleven nineteen seventy-four Correct?
Yes.
Yes.
could you tell me your driver's license number?
six one nine five two four nine six eight.
To verify that number is six one nine five two four nine six eight?
Yes correct.
And could I have for security purpose the last four digits of your social.
Yes.
Seven zero two six.
All right seven zero two six and one final question sir. Could I verify your current telephone number.
yes six oh nine three four one two eight nine seven.
You said six oh nine three four one two eight.
Yes.
Two eight.
nine seven.
Nine.
Nine seven. Thank you.
Yes.
Yes, so how are you doing today?
I'm good and you sir.
Well I'm doing good trying to get this right.
Well, I'm hoping to help you. What can I help you with sir?
I have
just a minute I don't have I don't recognize this transaction. Now that I have.
OK so you have a transaction on your account. Let me ask you some questions about that transaction. What was the date of the transaction in question?
the date was hold on I written it down that's why I'm taking so long bear with me.
All right.
The date was nine twenty-two two thousand twenty-one.
OK so the transaction was on nine twenty-two twenty-one.
Yes.
can you tell me the dollar amount of the transaction?
three hundred and forty.
K so the amount was three forty.
Yes.
OK sir I see right here. What exactly is the reason for that dispute you said?
I don't I I just don't recognize this I don't I just don't recognize this this transaction this account.
do you recognize the company of this transaction. It says its from blooming horse rentals. OK, so you don't recognize the company.
No.
No, I don't recognize it.
All right, so does anyone else have access to this account?
And no.
OK so no one else has access. Did you check and see if it might be a membership or prescription?
Me I believe so. on this one.
Can you think it might be a membership that you signed up for?
I I think no. No I haven't.
OK so did you already contacted that business and asked them about the transactions.
No.
All right sir. I've gotten all the information for this.
Now do I have to pay for this? well can I can I dispute it?
If I don't.
OK
So you would like to dispute this transaction.
Yes.
All right. just give me a moment while I process that dispute and set up this information.
OK.
All right sir. I have already looked through your file set up this information I've included all the information for our fraud department and here are pretty much how the next steps are gonna go. I've escalated the transaction and it will be investigated by our fraud department. It can take from one to ten business days to complete this investigation. We'll notify you in writing by mail. From with the address that we have on file for you of the results.
OK.
OK and how long would that take?
it could take from one to ten business days. Usually it doesn't take as long as ten business days, you know. Roughly I've seen about five days but we do allow for more extensive transaction investigation. So if it takes a long time then we'll notify you then as well.
All right.
OK.
in the meantime we'll put your transaction on hold and we sent a notification to the charging parties at Blooming House rentals I believe?
Yes.
All right sir. And I'm gonna give you a confirmation number for this transaction. and if you have any questions about it feel free to contact us and provide this confirmation number so we look up this dispute.
mm OK.
OK.
Let me get something to write with.
Sure will.
OK I'm ready.
All right that transaction number the confirmation number sorry nine two three five nine one one two three nine.
OK. The number is make sure I got it right nine two three five nine one one two three nine.
Yes sir.
All right.
All right. think Will that be all for you today sir?
Yes ma'am. Thank you very much.
All right, thank you Mr. Lee for your time and patience. Again my name is Kelly and enjoy the rest of your day.
And you too.
Good morning. Intellibank. This is Amanda. How may I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnston. I would like to do a wire transfer and open a new account.
OK, no problem. What's your first and last name? And your date of birth?
Jennifer Johnston, and it's eight six, two thousand.
Eight six, two thousand, OK. Do you know your account number?
No, I'm sorry. I don't know it.
That's OK. What about a driver's license or an ID number?
I know my driver's license.
OK. And what's your driver's license number?
It's F three eight six, one one two seven.
OK, that's F three, eight six one one two seven?
Yeah, that's right.
All right Jennifer, can you verify your security question for me?
Yes.
OK, what street did you grow up on?
Adam's Street.
OK, wonderful. All right. So what is the account number that you would like to withdraw the money from?
It's three five zero zero six seven seven one, one zero.
OK, that's three five zero zero six seven seven one one zero.
Yes.
OK, and how much are you withdrawing from this account?
One thousand.
OK. So, one thousand even, right?
Yes.
OK, and is the money going to a domestic or international account?
Domestic.
OK. OK. And what's the address on the account?
I think it's either one eight one Blue Field Road or two eight seven, Red Wood Lane. I can't remember which address I had when I made this account.
That's OK. It's the one eight one, Blue Field Road.
OK, thanks. I couldn't remember cuz I've moved a couple of times this year.
That's OK. I've moved around a lot myself, so I've had the same problem. OK, what is the bank routing number that you would like for this to go to?
It's five zero, seven one, one one seven, three zero.
OK, so that's five zero, seven one, one one seven, three zero.
Yes.
OK, and what's the account number for the deposit to go to?
It's eight zero, zero zero five seven three six eight, one zero.
OK, so that's eight zero zero zero, five seven three, six eight, one zero.
Yes.
OK.
Is there any fees to make this deposit?
wire trans fees have a thirty dollar fee for domestic.
OK, that's not too bad. How long does it take?
A domestic wire transfer will usually about one to two business days to go through, so they should see this is in their account within no more than two business days.
OK, great.
OK, is there anything else that you need before we start on opening your new account?
No, that's it.
OK, so are you familiar with what types of counts accounts that we offer?
Yes, I am.
OK, are you opening a checking or a savings account with us today?
I wanna open a savings account.
OK, well we have a savings account right now that offers zero point forty percent APY but this savings account I think may be good for you because if also or it offers free wire transfers between your own accounts. And if you're transferring to a different account, it's only four dollars to do a wire transfer to other accounts. So if you do a lot of those, this may be a good account for you.
Yeah, that sounds good. Let's just do that.
OK, so there's a two hundred dollar minimum deposit to open this account. Would that be OK?
Yeah, that's OK.
OK, you said your full name is Jennifer Johnston, right?
Yes.
OK, and what was your date of birth again?
It's eight six two thousand.
OK, and what is your physical address?
It's two eight seven, Red Wood Lane, Ironton, Ohio four five six, three eight.
OK, and what is your social security number?
It's two three eight, three eight, four eight three nine.
OK, four eight, three nine. OK, when OK, well need to set up a security question for you. And we have a couple you could choose from. OK, we have would you Well, which one would you like to do? What is your mother's maiden name? what is was your first pet's name? Or what street did you grow up on?
We can do which street did you grow up on.
OK, and what's the answer to that question?
Adam's Street.
OK, did you want to pay your deposit over the phone or at a local branch?
I'll just do at a local branch.
OK. No problem. You have up to five days to make your two hundred or two hundred dollar deposit to this account to activate it.
OK, thank you.
OK, so let's see Jennifer. It looks like you're all set up for your new savings account with us today. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's it.
OK, well you have a great day.
You too. Thank you.
All right. Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is your agent Bernard speaking, how could I help you today?
Hi Bernard, my name is Karen Brown. I would like to dispute a transaction.
No problem, that's definitely something I can help you with. Could you confirm for me, Karen Brown, if your name starts with a C or K?
With a K.
OK, thank you Karen.
And now could you also confirm to me your date of birth?
Yeah, it's December twenty-nine nineteen ninety-five.
Perfect. I'm gonna go ahead and put that in here. And now, could you give me some ID information.
For example, do you happen to have your account number with you?
Yeah I have with me. It's twenty-six thirty six. Oh sorry, it's twenty-five to thirty-six twenty fifteen thirty-three ninety-two.
OK perfect thank you. I'm gonna input that in here. And I'm seeing that it looks like you set up a security question for your account.
Let me go ahead and get your answer for this. What is your mother's maiden name?
Oh, my mother middle name. Let me. Let me look for it. I have it here in a note on my bag.
OK. No problem, I'll wait for it.
I'm sorry.
I'm ready. My mother middle name is Taylor.
Taylor. OK perfect, that's correct. Alright, I'm in your account. Now could you could you tell me the account number or the credit card number for which your for your the disputing transaction?
Yeah, I have the credit card number. It's oh three one four eight five seven eight five six two nine six two six four.
OK, I'm gonna repeat that back to you to make sure it's correct. Zero three one four eight five seven eight five six two nine six two six four.
Yeah, that's correct.
OK perfect.
Now, what is the dollar amount of the transaction that you would like to dispute?
Yeah, it's three hundred twenty-five dollars and sixty cents.
OK and what is the date for the transaction which you are disputing?
It's December the first, twenty twenty.
OK perfect. I'm going to go ahead and check this for you.
OK, I I see that there is that charge here. what is the reason for which you are disputing the transaction?
Yeah, it's because I never visit that store in my life so that's weird.
mm OK and have you tried to contact the business that made the transaction already?
Yeah I tried that but they don't have they don't have the information that I asked for so.
That's understandable. Have Do you happen to have a regular membership or subscription to that store?
No I don't. I never even visited.
OK that's understandable.
Now it looks like what was purchased is it says grocery items.
Is as the detail. Do you happen to recognize that?
No, I didn't make that purchase.
OK perfect. Let me go ahead and look at what I can do for you. Give me one second here.
OK.
OK it looks like I have all the correct information appropriate
What we're going to have to do is is we're going to have put this into into suspension on your card. So your card will be frozen for a short time as we further investigate who could have used your card and why this charge is appearing. This will probably take one to two weeks or five to ten business days.
Is that OK?
Yeah, that's OK.
There's no problem.
And what do we have to do now?
OK so if you go ahead and give me a moment, I can go ahead and submit this request and our fraudulent investigation team will pull up this information and will further investigate for you and then we'll be getting back to you within that time frame.
OK sure. I can wait.
So, yeah my son came today with a new tattoo. I can't believe it, that kid.
Do you have any children?
A new tattoo wow I actually have two children.
How old is your son if you don't mind me asking?
He's nineteen but I told him that he couldn't do it and he did it anyway.
right, I understand that. Must be difficult.
Yeah. How old are your children?
Oh I have two that are under ten years old.
Oh so you don't have to worry about that.
Oh not not for right now but maybe once they get older we'll see.
But OK, well thank you so much Karen Brown. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No I think that will be all, thank you .
OK, well thank you for calling and I hope that I could have appropriately resolved your problem and if you have any more problems, you can just give us a call.
And once again, my name is Bernard and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you Bernard, have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Laurie. How may I help you?
Hi yes. I was calling today to see if you can help me find a branch location near my place of residence.
Absolutely ma'am. Sure. What is the street address? Of the area that you're located in?
It is fifteen oh one Northeast Thirty-Fourth Court in Fort Lauderdale Florida three three three three four.
Fort Lauderdale, huh? Beautiful weather I bet.
it does get very hot but I've been here all my life and will never change.
Well, I'd rather be there than here. It's starting to get pretty cold outside.
where's there?
South Dakota.
Nice.
Everyone's favorite vacation destination.
Well, we can always switch. You can take over here in Florida and I'll come there to Dakota.
Sounds like a great idea to me. You might not like it so much once you get here.
No, I love the cold.
All right ma'am, well it looks like I have a few locations in that area. The closest one to you is about two miles away at twenty-one twenty-two North Palm Road. Then I have another one about three and a half miles away at fourteen twenty East Oakwood Street. Both locations are open until five p.m. and are opening at nine a.m. tomorrow.
You know what I do apologize but that's not gonna work for me I need something that might be open a little later and maybe a little bit closer to my house. So can you just please help me find an ATM?
Absolutely honey. No problem. All right and you were still looking in that Fort Lauderdale area?
Yes ma'am.
And you said two miles was a bit far? Lemme see if I have something a little closer than two miles in that area. All right. ATM machines. I have one that's one and a half miles away at eleven forty-two West Cypress Street Way.
Yes.
All right. That actually does sound a little closer to me thank you.
And also just so you know, you can always use one of the ATMs at any of your local grocery stores. will accept our cards as well but if you're trying to make a cash deposit, you might be better off going to a a branch ATM.
Well I do wanna make a cash deposit cuz that's one of the questions I was ask you if they do allow cash up to what amount can I actually deposit in an ATM?
Well, you are allowed to deposit up to a thousand dollars in the ATM. and you could take out up to five hundred dollars daily in the ATM machine. However, if you go to an ATM that is not at one of our locations, there will be a three dollar processing fee.
OK. Let's see and can I ask you what it I wanted to know. I know usually banks have a daily limit withdraw is it different for my account or is it all the same amount like for each account holder?
I apologize ma'am. I'm not sure I quite understand your question.
Well. OK. If I wanted to take money out of the ATM it's usually or at least with my other bank account I can take up to five hundred dollars a day.
Correct, ma'am. That's what I said.
So.
OK. I just wanted to make sure. I'm sorry if I you said it and I didn't hear you I have a five year old at home that is misbehaving.
Oh I'm sorry about that. It is a boy or a girl?
A little boy. His name's Michael. He is liking to jump all over the place!
Well little boys do have lots of energy don't they?
Oh lemme guess you've got kids too?
Oh Yes ma'am I have four boys actually.
Wow! I definitely praise you because I only have one and I No. I couldn't handle more than one.
God does give us lots of blessings, doesn't he?
I guess so. So just a a little other question I'm just curious can I access a list of the ATMs? on your banking website?
Absolutely ma'am. Yes you can. You can go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and there's lists of all of all our branch and ATM locations listed online at your convenience.
All right. I guess I think that's about it. You know I wanna thank you, you've actually helped me out a lot. and it was nice talking to you. I don't get phone calls like this very often. Usually it's just straight to the point and they wanna kick you off the phone.
Oh well, thank you very much for banking with Intellibank. Can I help you with anything else today?
No darling, I appreciate it.
You're very welcome. And again my name is Laurie I hope you have a great day.
You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kayleen. How may I assist you?
yes. Hi Kayleen. My name's Andrea, and I was hoping you could tell me my balance?
OK. Andrea. I can certainly help you with that. May I please have your full name and your date of birth?
Sure. it's Andrea Wilson Mercer, and then my date of birth is August sixteenth, nineteen eighty-six.
Thank you Andrea.
Yeah. No problem.
OK, Andrea. Can you please provide me with your checking account number?
I sure can. I actually got that ready before I called. Yay me. It is seven eight one, zero zero three, four, zero seven.
Thank you.
Oh, and you might need my pin. It is five five five six.
Thank you, ma'am.
Yeah, no problem.
OK, bear with me just one moment while I bring your account details up here.
Yeah. OK, no worries.
OK. So I see that you do have a security question on the account. It looks like it may be your mother's maiden name?
Oh, OK. try Charles.
That's it. Thank you for verifying that.
Yeah, of course.
OK. So Andrea, was it your checking account or savings account you needed the balance for?
I'd you to take a peek at my checking account, please.
Sure. So as of September nineteenth twenty twenty-one, you have an available balance of forty-four dollars and ninety-one cents. And it looks like you have a pending charge of one hundred and nineteen dollars and twenty-five cents.
Oh, OK. Thanks.
Certainly. hold on just a second, ma'am.
Yeah. Actually, I have a question. Would it be possible for me to transfer money over from my savings right now with you?
Most definitely. I can certainly help you with that. Gimme just a second. I need my screen to load here.
Oh, OK. Great.
My pleasure.
You know, I wasn't expecting that to be debited today. So I don't I don't want to be overdrawn.
Yes, ma'am. OK. So I see that you have an available balance of two hundred and sixty-two dollars and twenty-two cents in your savings. So you would like to transfer from your savings to your checking, correct?
yes, ma'am.
OK. Wonderful. And Miss Wilson Mercer, how much would you like to transfer?
let me go ahead and do. Let's do a hundred and twenty-five, please.
A hundred and twenty-five dollars?
Yes.
All right. One moment here.
Ooh. Actually, I'm sorry. Could I change that? I'd like to change it to one hundred and fifty instead.
Sure. No problem.
Ugh, thank you so much.
OK.
Just one moment.
OK. A hundred and fifty dollars. Excuse me. From your savings ending in seven eight one seven to your checking ending in three four oh seven.
Yes, that's correct.
So let me go ahead and initiate that transfer now.
Great. Thank you so much.
Sure, bear with me one moment please while this transfer processes.
Yeah. Not a problem. Take your time.
OK. Miss Wilson Mercer, that transfer of a hundred and fifty dollars to your savings. Excuse me. Checking was successful. Would you like to hear your new balances?
Yes. I better write it down this time.
Sure. So you have a current balance of one hundred and twelve dollars and twenty-two cents in your savings. And a hundred and ninety-four dollars and ninety-one cents in your checking.
Oh, OK. Awesome. Thank you.
You are most welcome ma'am. Was there anything further I could assist you with this morning?
yeah I I don't think so. Thank you so much for all your help.
You're so welcome. And while we're viewing your account details, I did see that you are eligible for a personal loan with us for up to twenty-five thousand dollars pending approval. Would you like me to transfer you to our new loans department so they can provide you with more information regarding that?
I am actually at work right now. So I don't have a whole of time, but maybe I could have that number so I can call them another time.
Definitely. Let me provide you with that number.
OK. That would be awesome. I am ready.
It is seven zero seven, six seven one, one one nine zero. And just be sure to reference this code. It's O W two three one.
was that second letter W as in William?
That's correct.
OK. Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
No. Nope. I think that's it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Bye bye.
bye bye.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank.
This is Susan. How may I help you today?
Hi, Susan. I'd like to open a a new account at the bank.
OK, and who am I speaking with today?
I'm Todd Todd Nickerson.
OK, Todd. Do you currently have any accounts with us?
I do. I have I already have an account there.
You do? Great. OK, so that I can identify you, what is your account number?
Oh, hold on a sec. my account ibye bye. Oh I gotta. Is it a is it on the check. Oh yeah, I see it. Wait a minute.
OK, I got it here. Ready?
OK, I'm ready.
Three five zero two six one nine nine.
And then, oh and then six.
No. that's correct. That's.
Oh, OK.
And this is a checking account, correct?
Yeah, that's what I have now. But I what I wanted to do is get another account.
Is the other account. you want another checking account or would you like a savings account?
it's a savings account. That's what I wanted to open.
OK. I need a little bit more information from you. What's your current address?
I'm in in Rally at one eight two zero Wake Forest Road, in Rally.
OK. And what's. Todd, what is your date of birth?
August twenty-one nineteen sixty-nine.
OK, great. And one more question is what's your social security number?
OK, you ready? It's zero three nine four seven two two four six.
Great. OK. And in for in the future and on your new account too I'd like to put a secure answer to a security question so we can verify your identity any time that you call.
Oh, OK.
You could pick it to be your mother's maiden name what or what street you grew up on or maybe even your first per. Which what question would you like to use?
let's the street that I grew up on.
OK. And what's that street?
It's Old Harbor Road.
OK.
So your security question would be what street you grew up on, Old Harbor Road. That will help us to identify you. Thank you for that.
OK. sorry I I didn't ever. I didn't know if I could open an account just on the phone. ask but I couldn't really get to the bank today. And I. Well anyways, it's OK to do it on the phone?
Oh, yes. Since you already have an account with us, we have previous history and information on you, we can do this over the phone. But if you were a new customer you would and didn't have an account with us you would have had to come in.
Oh OK. And do most people open an open new accounts on the phone?
no. I think most people come in.
Oh, really. Maybe I should have come in. But we can do it on the phone right.
Oh, yes.
OK. All right. Thanks.
OK, so let me here get you a new account set up. give me just a minute here.
Your address eighteen twenty Wake Forest Road Rally two seven six one three. Correct?
Oh, yeah. Yeah I yeah. Yep.
That's what you gave me. Good.
I just have to transfer this information to the new account.
And your phone number is still nine one nine two seven nine four one one two?
yeah. That's my phone number. Still my phone number.
OK, and your date of birth of course didn't change. Eight twenty-one nineteen sixty-nine.
Yep. Yeah yeah.
So did you want today to transfer any of your money from your checking account that you previously have right now to your new savings account?
And I can give you an account balance on that account too.
so do I wanna move money into my new account from my checking account? I'd.
Yes, we need at least. We need at least fifty dollars to set up a new account.
Yeah. I mean, that's
Why I'm setting it up. So yeah that's a good idea. I didn't know I could do that right now. But yeah that would be great.
OK. Your balance currently in your account the account that's ending in three five zero two.
OK. Yeah.
That current balance right now is seven thousand and fifty-two dollars.
Well let me check. I I think that's right. Yeah I have that's what I have. Yep.
OK, and how much money did you want to send to your new account?
Well, I don't know. it. Just to set it up? I actually I I think I'd like to move a thousand of that over in into the new account.
OK, you only need to do fifty but if you like a thousand that's great.
Can I. Can I later can I move it back into the checking account whenever I want it?
Yes, you can do that all online. I'll give you the new account number when we're complete here.
And you can just go and go to. Do you have online account? Do you have online banking?
Yeah.
I do, and I was gonna try and set up the new account, but I didn't know if you could do it online, so that's why I called.
But yeah I already I do with my checking account I I go online. That's how I pay my bills actually.
OK. Well you'll be able to open up another online online With your account you'll be able to open it up online and you'll be able to transfer and do all that online
Oh, really? Right
Between? OK.
Yes.
Sounds good.
So yeah that that yeah. So let's just move a thousand I guess. If we could.
OK.
And what is your email address current. I have right now Todd Nickerson at Gmail dot com.
Yeah that's it. Yep.
OK, and.
Do you need a second one? Cuz I have a second one. It's just that's the one.
Sure.
What's your second one?
OK.
Todd Nickerson at Yahoo dot com.
OK, hold on just a sec.
OK, Todd. do you have something to write down? I can give you your account number.
Oh, yeah. Hold on a sec.
hold on hold on hold on hold on. OK, got it.
OK, this is a saving account with a balance of one thousand dollars now and your account number is nine one zero eight four two five.
Kay.
All right.
Zero three.
OK. Nine one zero eight four two five zero three.
That's correct.
Got it. OK, thanks.
And it has all the same information as in your other account that ends in three five zero two.
Perfect. OK.
And.
OK, so is there anything else that I can help you with and did I did that. Is that what you had wanted?
Yeah. No, that's all I needed to do is and I didn't know if I could do it online.
But but I thought if I called I knew I could do that way so.
Well I didn't know but that's what I guessed so.
And I. Intelligent Bank is a good bank and I.
You mean, Intellibank?
Oh. sorry. Yeah, it's. It's Intellibank.
That's OK.
OK. All right well and you were you're Susan?
Yes.
OK, Susan well I really appreciate your help. It you made you made it easy for me and I I thank you for that so.
OK, Todd. Appreciate you calling Intellibank. And if you have any other questions or problems especially with maybe accessing this online, give us a call and we'd be happy to help you.
OK, appreciate it. All right. Bye bye.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Hello, my name is Mike. Welcome to Intellibank customer service. What can I do for you today?
Hello. I was calling about your lobby hours. I noticed that y'all are closing earlier. and I wasn't even aware that that was happening. And, so I was just trying to understand, you know, what's going on. Is that permanent? And whatever you can do to help. That would be great.
Yes, sir. In the near future, it is going to be a permanent change and that's because the need for personal face-to-face tellers at Intellibank and, and also the banking the whole banking industry has reduced over the years with the reliance on online banking. And yes, we did recently reduce our lobby hours to compensate for this.
OK. I mean, I've always gone in person. I was trying to go in person the other day and I had no idea. I arrived and there was a locked door around three o'clock. So, I just thought it was strange.
I'm sorry about the inconvenience, sir. Were you making a deposit?
No. I was looking to transfer funds. To another account.
I could help you with that, sir, if you'd like over the phone. you wanted to transfer the funds to another account within Intellibank?
No. I actually wanted to transfer it to another bank.
OK. let me pull up your account so I can get this transfer underway.
Thank you.
May I have your account ID please or another ID associated with your account, like a driver's license or a social security number?
I have my driver's license memorized, so that's good. two four six nine three five nine six.
Thank you. Before we proceed, I just need to verify some more information for the security of your account. what is your full name, sir?
My full name is James Earnest Walker.
Thank you, sir. And your date of birth?
October thirty-first nineteen sixty-five.
And for your security question, what is the? What was the name of your first pet?
I remember two. I had a dog and a cat. I always give the dog, Ludwig.
Yes, sir. That's correct. Thank you for verifying your information. Which account did you want to close with us?
the savings account.
OK, and what is the number of that account?
That is six two six nine six eight seven five six zero.
OK, one moment, sir. So, I see the balance of this account is six thousand one hundred fifty-one dollars and seventy-nine cents. Does this seem correct, sir?
That does seem correct.
And what is the reason for closing this account?
Well, I'm actually moving to a new home about ten miles north and there's no Intellibank branches up there. No ATMs and so, I just don't have a need for Intellibank services up there.
I understand, we do have online banking services, so you could check the status of your accounts and your balances online wherever you choose to move in the future. Would you like to know more about that?
I've tried it once, it's not something I'm interested in.
OK. I understand, sir. and do you know the deposit routing number and the deposit account number of where you're transferring, sir?
Oh, hold on. hold on. I have it written down. Just a minute, please. OK. The bank I'm the account number of the bank I'm transferring to where I'm depositing, is one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three.
Was that the routing number or the deposit number, sir?
that was the the deposit number the account number. When you say deposit number, is that account?
yes, sir my apologies. The account number for the the deposit that you're gonna be making.
Yeah. So, what was the routing number, sir, for the institution?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I got the numbers mixed up.
So, what is the routing number, sir?
Well, that's something I usually. OK, hold on. It's right here. three one four five two nine zero zero one. And that's Merchant Hills Bank.
OK. Just to reiterate, the account number for the deposit is, one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three?
Yes.
And is this a savings or a checking account?
it's a savings. Going savings to savings.
Would you like to close any other accounts with us, sir?
no. That's the only account I have.
OK, sir just to confirm, I'll be closing your savings account with Intellibank and transferring the residual balance of six thousand one hundred fifty-one dollars and seventy-nine cents from your savings account, to the savings account number one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three. Is this all correct, sir?
Yes. Yes, it is. And, how long does this process usually take? When will it hit my my other bank account?
the transfer usually takes about three to five business days for it to accure and then the savings account will close later, within one to two weeks of after this phone call.
OK, and then you mail me that my account's been closed. A notice?
Yes, sir. You will get a mail a letter in the mail confirming that.
Yeah, cuz I don't do online. All right, thank you. That will be all.
is there anything else I can do for you, sir?
no, that that's all. Thanks.
Have a good day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sandra. How may I assist you today?
Hello Sandra, I need to know the location of the branch nearest me and I also need to know what my savings account balance is.
No problem, I can help you with that. first of all, sir. What is your street address?
I'm at eight two two Washington Drive.
OK. I have eight two two Washington Drive, and the city, please?
Appleton spelled A P P L E T O N.
Appleton OK and the state that you're located.
I'm in Oklahoma. Do you need the ZIP code also?
yes, please.
OK, that would be zero three five six zero.
Zero three five six zero. OK. Just to verify your address. I have you at eight two two Washinton Drive in Appleton Oklahoma zero three five six zero. Is that correct?
Oh I'm glad you said that. No, I'm at Washington Street, it's not Drive I was thinking about something else.
No problem, we'll help you. I'll take care of that right now. OK, I have it in at Washington Street,
And I'm looking up that location for you now. Sir the nearest branch is at. Let me know when you're ready to copy.
I'm prepared to copy.
Two fifty Maple Street. Oh and I have some good news for you about that there is an ATM on the outside, so if you ever need to use it.
That's a nice thing. Also, there's ample parking in the rear should you need to go into the branch and they are open from eight-thirty a.m. to eight-thirty p.m. Monday through Saturday.
I'm glad to mention that, that's kind of funny the reason why I need to know it's because my car broke down cuz I usually go to the one over at First Street cuz I like the people over there. Very nice I like the manager too. So he's always been very helpful but yeah since I'm I'm walking I didn't know that, you know, closest location. so I won't need to parking there. that would do it and for that great and now if we can work on my account balance.
No problem, no more then questions regarding our locations and I'm very happy to hear that you are very satisfied with the folks over there on First Street. I'll make sure that my boss knows to give them a shout-out. Thank you very much for that. No problem at all we will go on. Let's move on. if you'll just be patient wait and with me for a second. I'm opening a new screen.
Sorry, it's running a little bit slow today. OK, just came up and just to refresh my memory. This was your savings account balance you wanted to check your balance on?
yes, it is, and I I can't remember whether it's was under Brad or Bradley Keller exactly.
No problem. I should be able to get that information for you. So, of course, I need your first and last name and you think it might be under Brad or Bradley and the last name Keller. Could you spell your last name for me, sir?
Yes, it is K E L L E R.
OK. I'm checking right now. Just to let you know that it is under Bradley. Do you prefer to be called Brad or Bradly?
I'm for Brad.
Fantastic. OK and for some verification. Sir I do need you to provide your date of birth, please.
OK, that is February second nineteen sixty.
To verify January second nineteen sixty. OK, and also now if you happen to have your account number for your savings, I would appreciate that.
OK, the savings account number is six six zero zero one nine six one.
Verifying six six zero zero one nine six one. is that correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, I got that input we'll just wait here a second. The computer is a little bit sleepy today.
OK. The account just came up and I will need a security question answer. If I may ask you your first pet's name.
heck, that was so long ago. it was Bruno. Bruno yes.
Bruno OK, that is correct you hit it. Jackpot. and we are going to check the savings balance. OK, it's coming up for me. Sir, your savings balance is three thousand six hundred forty-two dollars and fifty-four cents. And do you have any other accounts you would like to have checked today?
no, that should do it. so I'll go to the nearest branch, so I can make withdrawals so I can go and get my car fixed.
OK, and I just wanted to let you know we do have online banking now. Which you could actually make that withdrawal from the convenience of your home. Would you be interested in any information about how to get your online banking app set up?
other than what I just go to the website and I can register there. Is is that all it takes?
Actually, I can just send you the link via email, and you could go in and take a look around and see if you are interested or what you just said. You can go to WWW dot Intellibank dot BA and also find that information. Whichever is most convenient for you sir.
OK yes, if you can email to me my email address is BK one nine six zero at array and I spell A R R A Y dot com.
OK, and I'll verify that email address has BK one nine six zero at array dot com and that array was A R R A Y.
And that is correct.
Fantastic. Is there anything else you can. Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No. I think you've helped me quite a quite a bit and I I appreciate your help. and I'll go and check out the website. Thank you very much.
Thank you Brad and have a nice day.
And you too, bye bye now.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
I want to close an account and send my money to another bank, please?
OK. I can do that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Edith Lynn.
Thank you. Do you prefer that I call you Edith or Ms. Lynn?
Edith is fine.
OK, Edith. What is your account number that we are closing today?
It's nine eight zero two, three seven five three, please.
OK. Thank you for that information, Edith. Is this a checking or a savings account?
Savings.
All right. And what is your date of birth and the last four of your social security number?
March second, nineteen eighty. And it's one one three four.
OK. Thank you. And that account has a security question. Could you please tell me the city you were born in?
Yes, it's it's Essex in England. That's where I was born. actually, can you tell me? Do you guys do home equity lines of credit here?
yes, Edith. We do offer a home equity line of credit, as well as other personal loans. Would you like me to get a loan agent to discuss those with you?
Well, is the application process like really long?
the long process really depends on the type of loan you are selecting, but loans can take anywhere from forty-eight hours to ninety days generally just depending on that loan.
Oh, OK. Just nevermind. I just wanna close my account anyways.
OK, Edith. I can do that for you. So this account looks like it has an available balance of five hundred and sixty-eight dollars and ninety cents. Are you wanting to transfer that money to another account with Intellibank?
no. I want to transfer it to my Canyon bank account.
OK. I understand. Edith, here at Intellibank we strive to make sure our customers are happy. Do you mind me asking why you are closing your account today?
I just want to, OK. I just I just wanna close it. that's all. I just wanna close it.
Oh. OK. Edith. Well, in order to close this account, I just and make this transfer , just need to ask you a few questions today? OK. I don't wanna hassle you. I just wanna get this closed for you and and move forward with what you're wanting done, but I need to ask you a few questions. Is that OK?
Yes. That's fine.
OK. What is the routing number for Canyon Bank?
it's three four nine seven zero, six five.
OK. Thank you, Edith. And can you give me the account number for your account at Canyon Bank?
It's nine eight zero, four eight nine five.
All right. And is this account in your name?
Yes.
OK, Edith. And are you wanting to transfer that entire balance to this account?
Yes, transfer all of it.
OK. OK, it looks like your account has a security pin on it when it comes to transfers. Could you please give me that four digit passcode?
It's three four five two.
OK. Give me just one moment Edith, and I'm gonna get that transferred for you and get this account closed.
OK. I was able to get that money transferred. I do want to let you know that it may take seven to ten business days for you to be able to see those funds available in your Canyon bank account. Though most transfers are immediate. I also have closed that account and you should receive your disclosures for the account closing via the mail in the next week or so. OK? Do you have any questions or is there anything else I can do for you?
yes. I also need to replace a debit card that I lost, but it's for another account.
OK. is the other account with Intellibank?
Yes, it is.
OK, Edith. Can you provide me the account number for that one as well?
It's three four eight, six five eight eight. And it's my checking account.
OK. Thank you. I'm gonna have to verify some of your personal information again, OK?
OK.
All right, what is your date of birth and the last four of your social security number again, please?
It's March second, nineteen eighty. And it's one one three four.
All right. Thank you. And this account has a security question. So could you please tell me your favorite sports team?
It's Barcelona.
All right. That is the correct answer. All right, on this card can you tell me the day that the card was lost or the last time that you used the card?
So, it was it was lost yesterday, I believe. That's the last time I saw it.
OK. And do you know what the last four digits of that card was that you lost?
It's. Lemme look here. It's two one one three is is the card.
OK. All right Edith. I am going to read you your your most recent two transactions. Can you please can just confirm to me whether those are made by you or if you did not make those so we can determine whether those are unauthorized?
Yes.
OK. So the first transaction is to Famous Footwear, and that's for five dollars and eighty cents.
Yes, that was me. I made that purchase.
OK, that's good. so the next one we have is for you is for Hardy's and it is for sixteen dollars and forty-five cents.
Yeah. That one that one's mine too.
OK, Edith. So it doesn't look like any authorized charges have been made from your card. but I will get this card canceled for you, and I'm gonna get you a new card sent out in the mail immediately. OK? If you should notice any activity in the next few days that you do not recognize, please call us back and we'll have you speak to our fraud team, OK? Cuz sometimes things pend go pending and then process at a later date. So even though we're canceling this, I just wanna make sure that you just keep an eye on that and see if if you see anything that doesn't seem that seems out of place or something that you didn't make a purchase on, just let us know, OK?
OK.
OK. so was there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, actually. Can I get two cards sent out? Like two debit cards instead of one?
Edith you only had one account issue before on this account, but I can also send a second debit debit card if you'd like one.
Yes, I would please. Thank you. I appreciate it.
OK Edith, so I have the transfer completed and the account closed for you on the savings account ending in three seven five three. and I have canceled your debit card ending in two one one three and had a new debit card issued to your account. for that checking account that ends in six five eight eight. I know that was a whole bunch of numbers, a whole bunch of information for you, but was there anything else I could do to help you out today?
No, I think that's everything.
All right, Edith. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank and you have a wonderful day, OK?
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good, Kim. Thank you so much for asking.
I am I'm calling because I need to locate a branch near me. I am actually out of town. I am not near home. I'm actually visiting family down in Florida in Saint Augustine. it's been beautiful here, but I am not, I am not familiar with the area . And I keep having all kinds of issues with my cellphone freezing up and I was looking for a branch, you know, an ATM so I, I so I could draw some money out, and I I'm stuck. So excuse me since my phone's not working, that's why I figured I'd give you a call.
Sure, I can help you with that. You said you're down in Saint Augustine?
Yes.
What a beautiful, beautiful place. I absolutely love it. I vacationed there recently and I'm ready to pack up and move.
Yes. It is quite beautiful. I think lots of people have been along that, thinking along those same lines. They've had a whole lot of people move in lately .
Yeah, it's it's a very very unique little town. And I just really love how everyone's so nice and it's just a very go with the flow vibe. And the beach is just absolutely gorgeous. I love it. I've never been to a beach that had rocks on it before. There were some rock formations that I thought were really beautiful. I just need to get a little bit of information from you. OK?
Sure.
What is the street address that's close to where you are? Or I mean, excuse me. Where's the street address that you're at so I can find a branch closer to you?
I am out, let me see, let me try and figure out what is the closest thing near me.
Sure.
See here.
Give me one second here.
Take your time.
I'm just looking up the the restaurant that I'm at. That way I can pull up their address. Oh, here we go. OK, I am at forty-six Avenida Menendez Street and that's Saint Augustine. the ZIP is three two zero eight four. the spelling of that is A V E N I D A.
Oh, it's not worries.
OK, so we need something close to Avenida Street.
Avenida Menendez.
Avenida Menendez. Street. OK, thank you.
Street.
Yeah. It's quite a mouthful.
Yes indeed it is. I don't know if you can do it by the ZIP code, the two three zero eight four.
OK, let's see what I can find.
OK, so I have one at one forty-six King Street. It's actually in the Carmelo's Pizzeria and that seems to be pretty close to you.
let's see here. There's also another one that's also pretty close. seven nine zero North Ponce De Leon Boulevard. That's also really close to you, too. The first one I gave you is within walking distance.
OK. Perfect.
OK.
OK great and while I have you can I check my account balance with you, please?
Sure you can definitely do that. I just have to get some other information from you. OK?
Sure.
what's your last name, Kim?
It's Johns, that's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. And then, also, can you give me your let's see your account number. Sorry, just drew a blank.
Oh, no worries, no worries. Let me see here. Grab that for you. OK, my account is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right, thank you so much. And, I just have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
it's Murphy.
Looks like you have three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents in your account.
OK, great. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help today.
Oh, you're so welcome, Kim. I hope you have a wonderful time in Saint Augustine. Tell it hello for me.
Thank you so much. I'll do that.
All right. Well, was there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thanks a lot.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Becky how can I help you?
I've lost my card! I don't know if someone stole it. I don't know if I dropped it somewhere. I don't know but I I need to figure out how to shut it off. I don't want anyone to use my account. It's all gonna be drained and I don't have time to deal with this. What do I do?
OK. I would be more than happy to help you with this. . Can I get your credit card number?
No my . I don't . Let me. Let me see if I wrote it down somewhere . OK OK. It's four six seven three zero two nine five eight three one two five three zero nine.
OK. Four six seven three six two nine five eight three one two five three zero nine?
Yes.
OK thank you very much. And your name?
My name is Karerin Huxley. My name is spelled K A R E R I N.
OK. Thank you Karerin. and for your security can I get your date of birth please?
Yeah. It's June sixth nineteen sixty-two.
OK. And an authenticating ID. That might be like your. Let's see here. You driver's license number actually.
Oh Let me find it. Why do you need all this information? It's six six one seven five four two.
Six six one seven five four two. Thank you very much. Yes we just need this information to protect your security to make sure that
Well that's fine. I just. I want the card shut off. I don't want it. I don't want people using it to buy money buy stuff and. And I don't want to lose all my money. And I I just paid it down. I need it done now. I'm trying to go on vacation and. This is not something that I can handle right now. What can you. Can you stop it from getting used from where you are?
Mhm.
I would be. Yes. That's definitely something I can help you with and I know it it can be very frustrating when when you lose or.
I think it was stolen. I I think someone took it. I don't know. I don't see how I would have lost it.
Oh, OK.
OK. Well let. One more question just a security question. To just make sure you are who who you know. On the account. Especially since you know it's been missing.
OK.
Well I didn't
Lose it.
Well, can I get your Can I get your maiden name please?
My Michaels Michaels.
OK. Thank you very much. OK and the date that you lost your or shbye bye. The card was stolen?
OK. today is the third or fourth. It was yesterday so the the third cuz today is the fourth. Yes the third.
OK. So October third OK.
I was I was at Rite Aid. Yes I was at Rite Aid that was the last place I went I needed I needed some medicine. My stomach my head. I've been dealing with so much. Just trying to get this vacation going and everybody's not helping me. And so I had to go to Rite Aid because I had to get that medicine. I just I needed to find the the right medicine to be able to go on the plane. Because my doctor wouldn't prescribe the medicine to knock me out. And so I got the medicine. Got the card. I swear I got it back but you know what. I I the guy might have not given me the card back I don't know. But I know I did not lose it.
OK. OK. Well then the most recent transaction on the card was was at the Rite Aid?
Yes. The one in Oregon City.
Oregon City Rite Aid. OK I see. OK. Yes actually that was the most recent transaction so the good news is that no one else has used the card.
So they haven't taken the money?
No. Your last transaction was Rite Aid Oregon City October third.
OK. OK. Could they have used it at Rite Aid after me because I was there at one o'clock. Does it say what time? I don't know if it was picked up and someone just bought a bunch of stuff at Rite Aid.
OK.
It says It was used at twelve fifty-seven. the amount was twenty dollars.
OK. Yes that sounds about right. I bought two bottles.
OK.
OK good. I would be more than happy to cancel this card. And re-issue you another card.
So if you cancel it right now no one can use it, right?
That's correct. That's. This is the last. I'm canceling it right now. So you won't have to worry about anyone else being able to use that card. Can I just confirm the address that I will be mailing the new card to?
Like it's.
Yes. I am in Oregon on vacation but I live in Alaska.
OK and the address to mail the new card to?
Yeah one five seven three Appleton Road Juneau, Alaska. Nine seven two two two. Now when is that going to be there because I get home next week but I leave for vacation two days after that and I need my card.
OK.
OK. Your card will be mailed out immediately. It will take about three business days to get to you though.
Am I able to pick it up somewhere like? I don't know if that's gonna be enough time. Can I. Are you. Do you have a branch in Oregon or are you close by where I live?
Yes. The branch in Oregon would be able to issue a temporary card so you can still access your funds. So just go in with your ID and give them the information you gave me. Your your driver's license and security question answer to that security card and your credit card number and they'll be able to issue a temporary card until this one comes. I just wanted to advise you. When you do get your permanent card that's being mailed to you. There will be an eight hundred number on that card. Use that number to activate your new card.
OK.
OK. And and just to be a hundred percent. No one can use the credit card number even if the card is canceled? Like they can't order anything online?
That's correct. This this account at this point now is canceled and closed.
Oh thank goodness.
So we will issue you a new credit card number.
OK. Now hold on I have a question. Let me. I wrote it down somewhere. Hold on one second. OK. nope, it looks like you answered it. I'm sorry. Thank you so much.
Oh.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. No that's all. Thank you.
OK. You're very welcome. And thank you for choosing Intellibank. Have a good day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Azumi. Who am I speaking with today?
Hi, my name is Edward and my last name is Elric.
All right, Mr. Elric, what am I doing for you today?
Yeah, I had a couple of things I wanted to do today but first I just wanted to update my email.
OK, yeah. I can help definitely help you with that today. I do need to pull up your account to be able to make the changes for you, can I get your account number and the last four of your social, please?
Yeah, my account number is one zero zero two four nine and the last four of my social are fifty-two fourteen.
OK, perfect. Thank you for that information, Mr. Elric. just to verify it. So that number was one zero zero two four nine, for the account and then the last four of social, were five two one four?
oh no! Sorry, I read that wrong. My account number is one zero zero two nine four.
Oh! OK, perfect. Yeah. So, that was one zero zero two nine four, correct?
Yeah that's right.
Perfect. Thank you. And then may I also verify your date of birth, please?
Yeah, it's October fourth, nineteen ninety.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much for that information. Just one moment while I pull up your account, please.
OK.
All right. So I do have your account pulled up and I do have a security question that I have to ask just to verify you. so it looks like your security question is, what is the first name of your youngest sibling?
Alphonse.
OK, perfect. Getting back to what we have on file. And then you said you were wanting to update your email, right?
Yeah, I have a older email on my account at the moment and I just wanted to change it.
OK, perfect. And then what is the email address that you wanna change it to?
yeah. Can I change it to Edward underscore Elric at Gmail dot com?
Yeah, absolutely. I just wanna verify that I have that new email correctly. So I have E D W A R D underscore E L R I C at Gmail dot com?
yeah, that's right.
OK, perfect. Gimme just one moment while I get that updated on your account and then you will also be receiving a confirmation email just in a moment and then just confirm once you have received that.
OK, let me open up my email real quick.
OK, perfect. Yeah, take your time.
OK. Yeah, I got them now.
OK, Awesome. And then there was a second thing that you needed to do today as well?
Yeah, I'm actually wanting to close out one of my accounts today.
Oh! OK, perfect. Yeah, I can definitely help you with that. Can I verify the account number that you're wanting to close?
Yeah, it's the one zero zero two nine four account.
OK, perfect. Yeah. So I have that one pulled up and then is it OK if I ask you the reason why you're closing out your account today?
Yeah, I actually found a different bank that has a higher interest for balances and I just wanted to transfer it over to them, still wanting to keep my loans and everything else that I have here. but the interest rate is like at four percent and that's much higher than I've seen anywhere.
Oh! I am. That's actually really good. high-interest rate. So yeah, I absolutely understand why you're wanting to close that one out and get a better return on your account. So I'll go ahead and I'll do that on your account so whenever your interest. Like whenever our interest rates improve, we can like reach out to you, see if maybe that's something you wanna do or if that works better for you.
Yeah, that's fine. It's just the other bank is having a promotion on new balances and I just really wanna take advantage of that while it's still going on.
OK, yeah. No, I totally understand that. And then currently, you do have a balance of eight thousand, twenty-four dollars, and fifty-three in that account. I'm ending in the zero two nine four. where are you wanting us to transfer the money to?
Yeah, can I get that transferred to my Chase Bank?
Yeah, absolutely. Do you happen to have the account information like the account number and routing number?
Yeah, account number is nine five one seven five three eight two and the routing for that is one two four five eight two six nine three.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much for that. I do wanna verify that I have the correct account number and routing. So for the account, I have nine five one seven five three eight two. And then for the routing, I have one two four five eight two six nine three.
Yeah, that's correct.
OK, perfect. And then was that a checking or savings account at Chase?
it's just checking.
OK, perfect. All right. So I have a balance of eight thousand, twenty-four dollars and fifty-three cents going to your checking account at Chase, ending in five three eight two.
Yes.
OK, perfect. OK, gimme just one second to process the account closure, you will see that happen within the next twenty-four to forty hours and then once that's been completed, the balance of the eight thousand, twenty-four and fifty-three will be transferred over to your Chase checking. did you have any other questions on your accounts today?
Yeah, I had a question for the online banking I don't know this but are we able to do like account opening or closing on the app?
Yeah, absolutely. It's actually a very easy process to open a and close account on the app. if you ever have any questions, you are free to reach out to us and we can walk you through the process.
Oh! OK. I did have one last question. can I transfer money from one bank to another on the app as well?
Yeah, absolutely. So there is a spot on the transfer screens that will allow you to transfer externally. So you can transfer from one bank to the other. So from here to over there or over there to here. and then you can log in to the account and then see balances as well. I mean usually, it takes about two to three business days so for it to link an external account before you transfer the funds.
Oh! OK. Sounds easy enough. I'll give it a try later and if I have any questions, I'll call you guys.
OK, perfect. Yeah. And then was there anything else or any other questions for today?
no, that covers all that I needed today. Thank you.
Oh! My pleasure. Have a great rest of your day.
You as well.
Thank you. You too. Bye.
Good afternoon. This is Intellibank and this is Rose. How can I help you?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I'm actually calling back. I I called before to find a a ATM location near me. and I I don't know if the girl gave me the wrong name of the street or if I wrote it down wrong. I'm not sure, but I need a location of an ATM near me, please.
OK. All right. well, first I'll need to get some information from you so that I can help you with this. How's your day going?
It's going OK so far.
That's wonderful to hear. All right so could you tell me the street address that you are needing the ATM to be close to?
well, my home address is forty-nine Holland Drive. Philadelphia, PA one nine zero one nine. so anything you know, kind of in that vicinity would be helpful.
OK. Bear with me just a second. Let's see here what I can find. All right. bear with me just a moment. I'm trying to find one that's close to you.
Sure. No problem. Thank you, I appreciate your help.
You're very welcome.
Like I said I just had called and spoke to somebody but I I I was kind of in a rush so I I may have actually jotted it down. I don't know that it was it was their fault. I think it might have been my my error in typing in writing.
OK. it's no worries. I can. It's just a bunch of them. Trying to find the one that's the closest to you.
OK. No problem and do you know what is the withdrawal limit at at your ATMs?
two hundred dollars.
Oh, OK. And is that per day or per transaction?
That's per transaction.
OK. OK, thank you so much.
You're very welcome. All right. I think I have one that's close to you. that would be at ten North Main Street in Philadelphia that the lobby is open at nine a.m. and the drive-through closes. Oh wait a minute. So the. I'm sorry. The lobby is closed. And opens at nine a.m.. The drive-through is also closed and opens at nine a.m.. However, let me find you one that's twenty-four hours. Bear with me just a second. OK. So I have another one that's close by at three seven eight North Main Street in Philly.
OK. OK. I know where that one is.
OK, you.
You know where that
Is? OK. Fantastic. and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no I don't think so. And you said. What was that address again? I'm sorry.
the address that I have for the one that's twenty-four hours is three seven eight North Main Street and that's in Philly. Same ZIP code as yours.
OK. Perfect. OK and you said the the limit I can take out is two hundred per transaction.
Per transaction. Yes, ma'am. And let's see here. I was gonna tell you something else. I'm sorry. did you have any other questions for me?
OK.
OK.
no. Well, there's no fees if it's if I'm using one of our ATMs, right?
Correct. There are no fees. It is a free transaction. Now if you were to go to another bank outside of us then there's a two dollar and seventy-five cent transaction fee per transaction.
Oh, oh OK. I see. All right. Well, thank you so much. I really appreciate your help.
Mhm.
You are so very welcome. I. I do see that where you are has got some pretty crazy weather. I hope you stay safe in that.
Oh, thank you so much. It's been a lot. It's it's it's been a lot for my family. a lot of people have had to evacuate their homes and leave you know all their possessions behind. you know lots of flooding and lots of damage. So is it is a crazy time. I don't know what's going on with this weather, but I I'm I'm ready for it to stop.
I can imagine. You guys have gone through so much this year. you know on top of COVID and everything else that's going on in the world. you know, it just seems like another thing that no one needs, so.
Exactly.
Yeah.
My goodness. Well, I'm gonna keep you in my prayers and hope that everything is is chilled out, and no more crazy weather, and we can just go into the fall season feeling great and feeling safe.
Thank you so much, Rose. I appreciate it. You have a great day.
Thank you, thank you. You do the same.
Bye. Bye bye.
Good morning, and thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
yes good morning. I just got this email in my inbox and it's telling me that I have an account with you guys that's been inactive for a while and I didn't even know I had this account. So I I don't use it and it's telling me if I don't use it I'm gonna get charged some fees. So what what can I do about that?
OK yes let me take a look and see what you're talking about and I'll see what we can do. So first of all does the email have the account number that you are referencing that is inactive?
hold on let me look. yeah actually it is, it's right here. It's zero six seven nine eight three nine.
OK, let me take a look at that. Oh yes I do see that account but before we get into it let me get a few pieces of information from you just to make sure I know who I'm talking to. may I have your first and last name please?
yes my name is Sara S A R A Dunning D U N N I N G.
OK Miss Dunning great let me also ask you for your date of birth.
My date of birth is oh eight oh seven nineteen eighty.
OK wonderful and for the final piece of information can I please have your driver's license number?
OK just a second let me see where is my driver's license? OK. Can you hold on for me for just a second? I have to go get it out of my purse and I think my purse is up in my bedroom. So, can you can you just hold for me one second? It will just take just a few seconds.
Absolutely.
OK thank you I'll be right back.
OK OK I'm here. I found it. It's in my purse. Let me get it out. you said my driver's license number correct?
Yes, that is correct.
OK here it is here it is. It's two one two zero six oh seven one three.
OK great.
Thank you so much for holding while I went to find that. For a second I couldn't find it and I was getting a little panicked.
Oh that's OK I'm glad you found it. We actually have some other things in place to where if you couldn't find it we could've still gotten into your account but I'm glad you found it, this was actually the easiest way. So let me take a look at that account. And yes I do see that it is inactive. you have a couple of choices. You can either start using it which I mean if you didn't even know you had it I don't know if that's gonna be what you wanna do. or you can close it out and transfer the funds that are still in it into one of your active accounts. So which which choice would you rather.
since I have never used it and I'm afraid I'll forget about it again, I think I would just like to go ahead and close it. can you tell me how much money is in that account right now, cuz I just wanna see if it matches up to what my email says?
yes absolutely. It looks like in that account you have forty-two dollars.
OK I definitely want to close it and I definitely want to transfer the money. I have a checking's account that I use pretty much on a regular basis, maybe daily. Anyway, I would like to put the money into that account.
OK no problem, a checking account. Do you happen to have that that account number just so I can verify that I'm gonna be transferring it to the correct account?
Oh let me look in my purse since I have my purse right here. cuz I definitely know I carry that information around as well. yes here it is. that that account would be oh seven seven six eight five two.
OK wonderful. Let me go ahead and start the process of closing this account out. This account will be closed effective today. You should not receive any more emails or anything in the mail about this account. you will have to come up to your local branch and sign two pieces of paperwork. That's just to make it legal and final saying that it's completely terminated, but as of today, on my end and through the the computer system, this this account the savings account will be closed. give me one second and I'll transfer the money over to that checkings account that we just spoke of. OK that is done. Let me see here. OK, so that forty-two dollars just went over to your checking's account. You should see that you know anytime you go and check your your account online. That that should be effectively immediately. It will be a forty-two dollar deposit. And I'm looking at all your other accounts. Is there any other questions that you have? I see you have a credit card with us. I see you have an auto loan. would is there anything I can help you with with any of your other accounts?
no I'm I'm pretty good with all those. I just I I didn't even know I had this account. I'm not using it so I don't want to be charged for anything. so I think, I think that's gonna be it. I'll come up there the next time I'm come to the bank I'll I'll swing inside and sign those pieces of paperwork and get that done. But no I really thank you for your help today and again thanks for holding on while I went and found my license. I'm so glad I had it.
Hmm no problem. it was no problem and all and like I said we could have still gotten into you account without that. We have things in place to where if you're missing one thing it's not the end of the world. OK so if there's nothing else I can help you with I'm just gonna go ahead and and put notes on the account of everything we did today and once you come in and sign that paperwork it will be final of that savings account being officially closed out. anything else I can help you with?
No, I think I'm good. Thank you so much for your help.
No problem Miss Dunning you have a great day. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kelsey. How may I help you today?
Yeah, I need to check my balance on my checking.
OK. before we get started can I go ahead and verify your name? telephone number and date of birth?
my name is Pat Smith.
Telephone number is three three four five five five five one five two.
mhm.
Date of birth two twenty-two seventy-nine.
All right.
Oh. Guys busy today?
yeah actually very busy.
I thank you for confirming that information for me. So you said you wanted.
Took me a long time to get on the phone.
Really sorry about that. Like I said, super busy. you said you checking account?
Yeah.
OK. can I go ahead and verify that account number?
One two five eight seven nine.
OK.
And I'm showing that you've got a balance of seven hundred seventy-six dollars and fifty-three cents.
Yeah, I was spent a lot more money. My my I just had a family member pass and you know I'm that hoping I get some money in the in the near future from that. And that's why I'm calling. cuz I wanna to see if there's like a limit on how much I can deposit into your account? my account with you.
Oh, OK.
There's not a limit. However any deposit over ten thousand dollars will have a ten day business hold on it just for they make sure they verify the funds.
Oh, they don't have that much money. But you can accept five. Five thousand dollars or six thousand dollars?
OK.
yeah but.
yes. But it will probably still be like one or two days before it will hit your account.
there'll probably be about two hundred dollars that you'll be able to withdraw immediately. but they do wanna go ahead. Any large sums will take a couple days.
is there anything else that I could assist you with today, Pat?
well I was wondering about the the cards. I mean I wanna order. I always pay by check.
And I was wondering do y'all have them debit cards?
we do.
and I can go ahead and help you get setup with that today if you'd like.
What all do you need from me?
actually I just need to go ahead and verify your address your mailing address and
Hang on. I forget my ZIP code. Hang on for me.
No problem.
It's one two five Main Street Wetumpka, Georgia three six one two four.
All right. thank you for providing that information. it should take about five to seven business days to receive that card in the mail.
And once you do that you can go ahead and activate the card by calling the number on the back of the card or by visiting our website, W W W dot Intellibank dot com backslash activate.
And that will be in the letter that they send you and you can go ahead and pick out your own personalized PIN.
Awesome.
is there anything else I can help you with today, Pat?
Nope.
All right. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank and have a wonderful day.
You're welcome.
Good afternoon, welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose, my name is Kim, and I need to update some personal information on my account, please.
OK, I will be happy to help you. I just have to get some information from you. OK, bear with my just one second. So, what is your last name, Kim?
my last name is Johns, it's J O H N S. And my birth date is four twenty-four, nineteen seventy-seven.
OK, thank you so much for that information. And can I please have the account number that we're calling about?
yeah, I. Thought I had that right here. Sorry about that, Rose, hold on for one moment for me.
Sure, take your time.
OK, I have it right here. My Intel bank number is. Let's see here.
did you mean an Intellibank? an Intellibank? That's OK.
Oh I'm Yes.
Yes.
Intellibank account number.
No worries.
Is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Oh, thank you so much, Miss Johns. and your security question is What is your mother's maiden name?
yeah, her maiden name is Murphy.
OK, thank you so much. And let's see here. And the type of information that you wanted to update?
I I moved recently, so I need to update my my personal information.
OK. All right, so I would first need the updated address that you'd like me to to change?
OK.
my new address is forty-nine Holland Drive. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. One nine zero one nine.
All right. And is your email that you have on file current?
I think so. My email address is my name my first initial and my last name. So it's K Johns and then seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK, thank you so much. And what about the phone number?
my telephone number is seven one seven, nine nine three, zero four eight seven.
OK, thank you so much. All right, Miss Johns, I have updated that information for you. You should be receiving an email from my in about a few seconds. that will confirm that for you. And, let's see here. Will you let me know when you get that email?
Sure, absolutely, I'm refreshing now.
OK, thank you.
And while you're looking for that Would you like any further information about online banking, in order to update personal information more conveniently in the future?
yes, absolutely, if you're able to send that as well to my email address. that way I can enroll in online banking and you know, not have to call in when I need to make any adjustments.
Certainly. I'm putting that in the email for you right now, and I can also go ahead and tell you over the phone. You just go directly to our our website at Intellibank dot com and scroll down to the bottom of the page, the very bottom. And on the right hand side, you will see some information about online baking. It actually has online banking in big, bold letters. Just click on that it's A through Z. Just you know, very easy step by step to get you set up there, to make this a little more convenient for you in the future.
Thank you so much. I really appreciate. Really appreciate all your help.
You're so welcome, Miss Johns. was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no, that's everything.
All right. Well, on behalf of Intellibank, I want to thank you for your loyalty. And giving us a chance to help you with your account needs today. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day, Miss Johns.
Thank you so much. You, too.
Bye bye.
Hello, good afternoon. am I speaking with Intellibank?
Good afternoon, Madam. You are not speaking with Inter you are speaking with Intellibank.
Oh.
Pardon my manners, Intellibank. Am I correct?
Yes.
Yes, you are correct, Intellibank. How was your day Mam?
It was fine and yours?
Very cool. How is ?
Well bless God, it's our school.
Our school. How may I help you, Mam?
Home.
Yes, I have problem with my.
I have dispute the transaction.
You have a dispute dispute transaction?
Yes.
.
What's your first name?
My first name is Jane.
Jane.
Yes.
What is your last name?
Robert.
Robert.
Yes.
So that is Robert Jane, right?
You got it.
Madam, can you please kindly provide me your date of birth?
My date of birth.
Zero one.
Hello, are you there?
I'm with you.
Zero one. Are you there?
Fifth nineteen eighty-four.
Nineteen eighty-four. OK, first of May nineteen eighty-four?
Yeah.
Yes.
OK.
Can you provide my your credit card number?
OK, my credit card number.
Four five.
Four five.
Three nine.
Three nine.
Seven three.
Seven three.
Seven five.
Seven five.
One seven.
One seven.
One one.
One one.
Nine three.
Nine three.
Nine one.
Nine one.
Yep.
OK. Give me time. Let me call it for you again, Madam. Four five three nine.
If I'm wrong will you try to tell me. Seven three seven five one seven one one nine three nine one.
Yeah, you're correct.
Is that correct?
Yep.
Madam, can you please tell me what is your first pet's name?
You mean my first pet's name?
Yeah.
OK. Poppy.
Poppy. OK. What street did you grow up?
Yeah.
Two six nine six Rivengard Drive.
OK you mean two six nine six Rivengard Drive?
Yeah, you got it.
OK.
Can you please tell me the dollar amount in your account balance?
.
You mean the dollar amount in my account balance?
Yes.
OK, eleven thousand dollar.
OK, eleven thousand US dollar.
Yeah.
OK.
Can you provide the debt of the transaction of the dispute?
You mean the debt of the the the transaction that I disputed?
Yes.
OK, that was twelve nine twenty twenty-one.
OK, you mean on the twelve of September twenty twenty-one?
Yes, you got it.
OK, OK, I'm with you. What is the reason for the dispute?
As in why, why, why, why. What cause the what transaction did you do that caused the dispute?
Was it transactions?
Can you kindly provide that?
Mam, can I ask you if there is anyone here who has access to the account or do you have account that could have made the transaction?
Of course not.
I am the only one that have access to the account. I'm the only one. It's a single soul account.
So it's a single soul account?
Yes.
OK.
Do you have any transaction, do do you have any transaction that have regular subscription?
You mean regular subscription fee?
Yeah.
No. I don't have.
OK, Madam. Have you tried to contacted the business that made the transaction?
Yes.
OK, so what is their response?
No response yet and I was directed to the Intellibank. No response yet.
Sorry for the inconvenience, Mam.
No problem.
Sorry for any convenience that we would have caused you.
No problem, you are welcome.
OK.
Since I've confirmed the all the now. I need to inform you that this transaction will be investigate and with cause at lease seven good working business days.
Do you understand, Mam? For the first thing I would try to look the past in order to protect against any further transactions. Do you understand?
OK, you will block the card, you will lock the card in order to protect me against from fraud, further fraud-like transaction?
That is just the point, Mam. So, can you kindly please provide your phone number for me so I can give back to you?
OK my phone number?
Yeah.
Three three zero.
Three three zero.
Seven seven eight.
Seven seven eight.
Six four.
Six four.
Nine zero.
Nine zero.
OK Mam. Is there anything else you want us to do for you, Mam?
Nothing much.
Just that this is the first complaint that I will be having that I want you to make and give me feedback in seven working days, which is a week, and I will be looking forward to give the reply that I will be, that I will be, I will so, I will be happy to send the reply later.
OK Mam. Sorry for the inconvenience that we might have caused.
No problem. You're welcome.
Since you don't have anything else, thank you for banking with us.
Thank you for banking with us, Mam.
Thank you, too. I'll be looking forward to seeing you.
I'll be .
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Joe may I get your first and last name please?
Hi my name is Stephanie Garcia.
Thank you Ms. Garcia how can I help you today.
Hi I was just calling to see my checking account balance I'm just trying to see if my direct deposit actually hit yet or not.
Perfect let me take a look for you. may I get some additional verification answers from you. I'm starting with your date of birth.
My date of birth is May twenty-first ninety-four.
And then also your credit care number please.
Yep it's actually not here hang on let me go get it one sec.
OK.
One sec one sec OK. I got it. It's four seven nine six nine six two six five four zero seven one one two.
Perfect thank you so much. by chance can you tell me one more time. It seems that I I can't pull you up.
Oh, I have to give you the card number again? OK, hang on. Let me see. OK. It's four seven nine zero six nine six two five four zero seven one one two.
Yes, if you can do that one more time.
Perfect I think that the I put two two's at the end instead of one one that I caused that to not be incorrect my apologies let me take a look and which account would you like the balance of.
my primary checking account.
OK. It looks like you have two thousand two hundred and eighteen dollars and eighteen cents.
Is there any way that you can tell me if my direct deposit hit yet?
Yes, I could do that for you. It looks like it's actually pending and should hit your account with in the next twenty-four hours.
OK awesome.
Perfect let me see. Is there anything further that I can help you with today?
Online information anything like that.
is there a way you can check my savings account balance as well?
Yes, I can do that for you.
Let me take a look at that. It looks like you have five thousand dollars and twenty-four five thousand and twenty-four dollars in that account there let me see yep that's correct, and then for your other balances you have two hundred in your vacation savings and your other additional checking you have four hundred dollars and eighteen cents as well.
OK that's fine yeah I was really just looking forward to the main checking account, but it's good to know the other amounts that I have as well.
Perfect let me see is there anything else that you may had questions on?
I had an issue with my username I was just wondering could you just verify my username for me.
Oh yeah yeah so I can't tell you that over the phone since it's personal information, but let me verify your email address and I actually can send you that information and and pretty much reset that reset your password so once you get the username you can log back into the mobile application or your online banking and reset that information so you know it off hand so can I get your verification for your email address please.
OK yeah my email is Z O T E K I Stephanie at Yahoo dot com.
Yahoo dot com perfect let me get that information set up for you.
OK.
You should receive a email with our information on there it'll give you a step by step pretty much guideline of how to reset it but pretty straight forward once you open up the email to be able to reset that password and you'll be able to if you wanna change it or keep it the same you can, so let me get that information sent to you.
OK awesome so once when that just comes through just follow the steps and I'll go ahead get back on the website or the app.
Yeah so yeah like anything else if you have any confusion difficulty doing that you can always give us a call back or step by step step in at one of the local branches closes to you to get anything answered and solved.
OK. That's awesome well thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome Miss Garcia. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Rebecca. How may I help you?
I want to open a new account today.
OK, great. What's your name?
It's Tanna Vinn.
OK, Tanna. Do you know what type of account you'd like to open today?
A savings account.
Alright. Are you familiar with what kind of savings account that we offer?
No, not really.
OK, that's all right. I can tell you a little bit about them, so you can pick which one you'd like.
Mkay.
OK, we have a couple for you to choose from. Our first one is called Intellibank Freedom Savings. OK, and with this one there is no minimum to deposit. It has a zero point fifty percent APY , free wire transfers between your own accounts, free online banking and it's FDIC insured. OK and we have one more, and our second one second one is called Intellibank Accelerated Savings Account. OK it's also FDIC insured. It's an online savings account and you can earn one of the highest rates available regardless of your account balance, with no limit on interest earned. Plus, it has a zero point sixty-five percent APY , free online banking and you can make unlimited fee free cash withdrawals at over sixty-five thousand ATMs. And it this one does have a two-hundred dollar minimum deposit to open. So, which one do you think that you'd be interest in, Tanna?
I'll go with the second one.
OK, our Savings Accelerated Account?
Yes.
That's OK.
OK. Alright, great. So, what is your full name and your date of birth?
Tanna Vinn and my birthday is nine six two thousand. Did you say I have to make a two hundred minimum deposit to open this account? And is this the one with free unlimited withdrawals?
Yes, this is the one that has free unlimited withdrawals, and you'll have five days to make your two hundred dollar deposit, to activate your account.
So, is this still the one that you would like to go with?
Yeah, this is still the one I want.
OK.
I just wanted to make sure, the last savings account at another bank was horrible. I never really made anything off the interest and it charged me more than more fees than anything. So, I wanna make sure I'm getting a good savings account this time.
OK. Well, I understand. I think this one will be a good account for you.
Me too.
OK, so what's your social security number?
It's two three six seven seven seven nine three two.
OK, that's two three six seven seven seven nine three six.
Yeah, that's right.
OK and what is your physical address?
It's four nine three Redwood Lane Richmond, Virginia, six two three nine one.
OK. We need to set up a security question for you.
OK.
OK. So, we have a couple of those for you to choose from. We have, what's your mother's maiden name, what's the name of your first pet, and what street did you grow up on?
Let's do what's your mother's maiden name.
OK, and let's see, what's the answer to that?
It's Parsons.
Parsons?
Yes.
OK.
let's see. Did you want to sign up for our online banking?
What is that exactly?
OK with our online banking you can check your balances and your transactions daily yourself, and you can even transfer money between accounts.
We have free credit monitoring and you can do mobile deposits online, with our app or on our website. Would you like to have me help you sign up for that today?
Is it something I can sign up for myself online?
Yes, absolutely. Would you be using our app or our website?
The App.
OK, well just download the Intellibank for all app on your phone.
Mkay.
OK and to sign up, all you need to do is create an account, but you will need your account number to do that, but I can give that to you now if you'd like.
Yeah, that's fine.
OK. Are you ready?
Yes.
OK. Well, let's see, it's going to be eight zero zero zero seven seven one three nine nine three four.
OK, eight zero zero zero seven seven one three nine nine three four?
Yes, that's right.
OK, thank you.
OK, Tanna It looks like you're going to be all set up for your new savings account. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's it. Thank you so much.
Alright, well thank you and you have a great day!
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name?
Marcia Stevens.
OK. Can I get your date of birth?
One. One nineteen sixty.
MK. And for security purpose, can I get your email?
yes. It's pineapple hint at Gmail dot com.
And that's pineapple hint?
Yes.
OK. At Gmail dot com?
Yes.
MK. And also for security purpose, can I get your state ID or drivers license number?
Yes. P G one three three seven four eight.
And that's seven four eight?
Yes.
OK. All righty, Miss Stevens. how can I help you?
yes. I was calling to find a ATM. Near me.
Oh, ATM?
Yes.
All righty.
I'm on the Eastside. So I'm trying to find one nearest me.
OK, can I get you to confirm your ZIP code?
one zero zero zero two.
MK. All righty. All right. It seems like we got one. at three four seven Warsaw Avenue.
Three.
One seven Warsaw Avenue.
Yes.
So that's not too far from me.
No, that should be just two blocks away. We also have one on thirty-eight forty-seven Kemper Road. That's about a six miles drive.
OK. And The ATMs, are they outside or inside?
These are the branches, so they should be inside.
OK, inside.
They should have both. Outside and inside, I should say. Correction.
Oh, OK. OK.
Yep, that's. That's. Anything else? Do you need to know your balance?
I wanted to have a questions of, there's a Kenwood Mall. You think you have a bank near there?
Kenwood Mall?
Yeah. It's farther than where I'm go. Where I'm at. But I just want to know if there's a
OK. Lemme see.
MK, we can do that. Want to do some shopping up there?
Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
Yeah, holidays coming. So I understand, I understand.
Yes.
With delivery not being so promising, or on time.
Right.
I've noticed that, a lot of deliveries nowadays are slower that. Matter of fact I think I just saw it on the news yesterday that they're actually going to be even slower than before because a lot of branches are closing down. A lot of.
Right.
Wow.
Yeah. Yeah it's. It's rough out there man. This coronavirus is serious.
Yeah. It is.
Kenwood Mall. MK. OK. Yeah, this is actually on the same road, Kemper Road. But it's on the east side.
OK.
OK.
And the address is two six forty-six Kemper. East Kemper Road. Correction.
Right.
And yeah, it's just around the corner from the mall.
Oh, OK. That's perfect.
OK.
That's perfect.
anything else I can help you with?
Yes, you me get my balance of my savings.
Savings account? Can I get the savings account number?
Account, yes.
Yes.
A A zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK. Nine eight.
Yes, that's correct.
OK. Right now, currently, you are at five thousand eight hundred ninety-six dollars and seventy-five cents.
OK.
All righty.
OK.
OK, thank you. I appreciate this.
Hey, there's no problem, and I appreciate you calling. Thank you for calling Intellibank, Ms. Stevens.
OK.
OK. You have a good day.
You, too.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jennifer. How may I help you today?
Yes. I'd like to update my checking account information. Please.
Alright. Not a problem. I can certainly help you with that. May I please have your name and date of birth?
OK. My name is Kimberly Jones. My birth date's twelve twenty five nineteen eighty two.
Alright. And do you have the authenticating ID?
Yes I do. Its J dash four hundred dash one eight one. Oh no wait a minute. I'm sorry. I said it backwards. Its J dash four hundred dash eight one one dash five zero six one.
Thank you so much or that. And do you have. it looks like we have a security question on file as well. Its what street did you grow up on?
I grew up on Bovard avenue.
Perfect. And do you have the account or the credit card number?
Yes. I have the account number. Its two five. Two six. Nine five. Zero one three.
Alright. Thank you so much for that Kimberly. I went ahead and pulled up the account. and what information would you like to update today?
my email address. And my phone number.
OK. I can definitely help you with that. Let's start with the email address. What's the new email address you'd like us to use?
OK. Kimberly Jones the number twelve at G mail dot COM.
Alright. So we have Kimberly Jones twelve at Gmail dot com. Is that correct?
Yes it is.
Alright. Perfect. So I went ahead and changed that for you. And then you said you'd also like for us to update the phone number. Is that correct?
Yes mam.
Alright. What's the new phone number you'd like us to change?
It's one nine one. Four seven nine. One one two zero.
Alright. Perfect. So, I went ahead and changed that for you as well, Kimberly. And would you like information on our online banking? that way in the future, you can go ahead and conveniently update your personal information.
Yes. I'd really appreciate that. Thank you.
Not a problem. It's really easy. You'll just go to our website Intellibank dot COM. Go ahead and create an online banking ID. Log in to your account. Then you'll just go over to the settings. And then you can view your personal information. And you can go ahead and update it from there. That way it saves you the hassle of having to call in and wait on hold in case we're busy.
Oh that's great. At least I know now I don't have to call in.
Yes. Perfect. It makes it so much easier. Especially if you need to change it right in a pinch.
Oh great. Thank you. Now, one other thing. I would like to close my account. Can you tell me how I can go about doing that?
Oh definitely. I can assist you with that. I just need to verify the information on the account. Can you give me the name on the account please?
Kimberly Jones.
And the date of birth?
twelve twenty five, nineteen eighty two.
And what is the authenticating ID on the account?
It's J dash four hundred dash eight one one dash five zero six one.
Perfect. And it looks like we have the security question on file of what street did you grow up on?
Bravard Avenue.
Thank you. And do you have the account number handy that you would like us to close?
Yes. It's two five. Two six. Nine five. Zero one three.
All right. I have it pulled up right here. And what is the reason for the closure today?
I'm planning on moving out of town. to to another state.
OK. Not a problem. We can definitely get this closed for you. And then do you have a new deposit account that you would like us to transfer the funds over to?
Not at this time.
Are you sure, are, that you don't want to go ahead and transfer it over to a new bank account?
Well I'm setting up account now. I can give you the information if you'd like. I didn't know that you could do this for me?
Yes. We most definitely can set up a, a transfer over to your new account. all we would need for that is the, the deposit routing number, the account number, and the account type that you would like us to transfer.
OK. Well it will be a checking account. And I can give you the routing number.
OK. Go ahead with the deposit routing number.
Seven five zero. One one. Four three. Five six.
OK. And then what's that deposit account number?
OK. Its zero zero. One two. Three two. Six five. Nine nine.
Alright. Perfect. So I went ahead and I've set this up for the account to close. And then the money that's in the account to transfer over. And let me just confirm with you the residual balance that we have on file.
OK.
It's going to be two hundred fifty four dollars and ninety three cents.
Oh my goodness. I didn't know my funds were that low.
Not a problem. I just want to let you know so you know what to expect into your new account. and once we go ahead and initiate this today, the transaction will occur within twenty four hours. Once that transaction occurs then it will trigger our system to go ahead and close the account. And that will occur within forty eight to seventy two hours.
Oh great. Thank you so much.
Oh not a problem. I'm happy to assist you today. Was there any information that you would like on any of our other banking products today?
No. Not at this time.
Alright. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No mam. I, you've done, done enough. I appreciate it.
Alright. Well, I just want to say, thank you so much for being a valued customer of Intellibank. You have a wonderful day.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Dante. How may I help you?
Yes, hi. I'm calling in. My I wanna dispute some charges on my credit card account.
OK. Well, I'm sorry to hear that you need to dispute some charges. I'd be more than happy to assist you with pulling up the account and taking a look at those charges. All right. I can get your full name and date of birth, please?
yes. My name is Wu Nelson. And my date of birth is ten nine, nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you very much for that information. All right, and the last four digits of your social security number and full address, please?
yes, it's zero seven six four. And three five one two, Snyder Avenue, Newark, New Jersey. Zero seven one zero one.
Thank you very much for that information, Mr. Nelson. All right. Now, let's take a look here. So, you said there was some charges you wanted to dispute on your credit card account. Is that correct?
Yes, that's correct.
All right, what's your what's your. Which credit card is it?
It's my Mastercard.
All right. And what's that Mastercard number?
hold oh shoot. Hold on. I thought I had it with me. Give me one moment. I gotta go get it.
OK, that's fine. Take your time.
All right. Hello? Are you still with me?
Yeah. Yes, I'm still here.
Oh, perfect. Thank you. All right. So, my card number is five two, seven three eight eight one four nine eight three three two two nine six.
All right. Thank you very much. So that was five two seven three eight eight one four four eight three three, two two nine six?
no, I'm sorry. I gave it to you wrong. It's. Let me read it back to you again. It's five two, seven three, eight eight, one four nine eight, three three two three, nine six.
OK. Thank you. So that's five two seven three, eight eight one four, nine eight three three, two three nine six.
Yes, that's correct.
OK, thank you. Give me one moment. Lemme go ahead and pull up this account.
Oh, sure. No problem. Take your time.
You know I was reading online this morning before I called in about how these people can steal your credit card information at the gas pumps. And I mean they actually physically just put a whole new thing on there, and and just steal your information every time you swipe. That's crazy, isn't it?
Yeah. Yeah it is. I tell you what if they uses their ingenuity, they're worth good. They probably, you know do well for mankind.
Yeah, with that right. But yes, it's. I just can't believe it. It's just scary out there.
Yeah, it can be. But that's one thing why here at Intellibank, we take your security very seriously. All right. So, I do have your account pulled up. Now what what transaction? We'll need the date and the amount of the transactions that you're disputing.
OK. So it's transactions nine twenty nine twenty-one, nine twenty-two, and nine twenty-three. And they're for a hundred and twenty-five dollars.
OK. So let's see. Lemme see. All right. So nine twenty, a hundred twenty-five dollars there is. Nine twenty-one, Yep, nine twenty-two. Yep, nine twenty-three. All right. Yep. So, I'm showing that these are for Claires' Boutique. are you familiar with that place?
No. No, I'm not. I've never even heard of it.
All right. Let's see here. So you've never heard of. Have. That looks like there's a number here. Did you call the number?
I did. I tried to call it a couple, five, or six different times. But every time I call it, all it does is just rings. And for about a minute and then a a machine comes on and says the voicemail is full, and then hangs up.
Oh, well that's no good. I'm sorry to hear that. All right, so when you said when you called it, it just rang through and then a voicemail picks up and says that the voicemails full?
Yes.
Hmm. Well that doesn't sound very business-like, does it?
no. No, it don't.
All right, so you don't know anybody else who could've used the card or maybe went to that went to the store or anything?
Nope. Nope. Just me.
All right. So here's what I'm gonna do. I'm a go ahead and and put these charges in for investigation, OK. So, we'll investigate the charges. It takes. It can take up to thirty days to investigate these charges.
OK. Well, that's fine. I mean, I understand that but, what about the meantime? Like will I get my money back or, you know, what about the card itself? You'll send me a new card or or can't use my card for thirty days, my account cancel ? And what what's going on with that?
well, I yeah. It's gonna be. It can take up to thirty days for the investigation. Not necessarily saying that it will. Now your account itself will not be frozen, but the four charges of a hundred twenty-five dollars which equal a total of five hundred dollars will be frozen on the account. All right, but we will stop the card so we'll close that card for security reasons And then, what we'll do is we'll send you out a new card. It'll So, it'll have a new number, new expiration date, new CVV number. Everything will be new on it, so that way nobody will have access to it.
Oh, that's perfect. Thank you. I I really appreciate that.
Well, you are more than welcome. so like I said, it can take up to thirty days for the investigation. However, it can take sooner or less time. So once we. The investigation is complete, how would you like to be contacted? We have your email address. We have phone number. which one would you like to be contacted you know be contacted by?
yeah. If you could just email me, that'd be perfect. do you need my email address?
no. We do have one on file. Let me just verify to make sure that it's that it's correct, OK?
yeah, sure.
All right. So it's I A M T H E W U N at Gmail dot com?
Yes, that's right. I am the Wun W N at Gmail dot com. .
That's pretty good. I like that. All right. So, I went ahead, and what we'll do is once the investigation is complete, we'll send you an email with our results. All right. And in the meantime, that card has been suspended. All right. So it's that card is no longer active. We'll send you a new card. It'll take about five to seven business days for you to to receive the new card. But once you receive it, just follow the instructions to activate it. And then you'll have access to your credit balance again minus the five hundred dollars cuz that will stay frozen until the investigation is complete.
OK. That's fine.
Good. All right. let's see here now. I do see that you do not have an online banking account setup. Would you like me to send you some information on how to set up an online banking, that way you can check your account balance. dispute transactions. Keep real-time eye on your transactions, so you know when things happen, you you can get information real-time and dispute it right there online from your computer or from the comfort of your mobile phone.
yeah sure. That'll be perfect. Thank you.
Oh, absolutely. Not a problem. What I'll do is I'll go ahead and send that to the same email address that we have on file. All right. The I am the Wun at Gmail dot com. you should receive that email in about fifteen to twenty minutes. It'll give you. It'll walk you through each step of the way. And if you're on your phone when you open it, if you click on the link it'll actually go to the app store and so that way you can download the mobile app. or if you're on the computer, you can click the link, it'll actually take you to the website itself. And to where you can setup the account. but it's step by step instructions. If you have any questions at all, please feel free to give us a call back here. We'll be more than happy to walk you through or answer any questions that you may have. OK?
OK. And I thank you very much.
Well, you are quite welcome, Mr. Nelson. Was there anything else that I could get done for you today?
Nope, that's it.
All right, well thank you so much for your time. You have a great day.
Thanks, you too.
All right. Goodbye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jamie. How may I help you?
Hello it's really stormy here so I hope I don't lose you. Is the weather bad in your location?
No, sir. It's not.
OK good. I thought that I lost my card but someone sent it back to me in the mail so I have my card.
OK so how may I help you today?
I need to find a nearest ATM and dispute a transaction.
OK. Can I have your first and last name, please, and your date of birth?
My name is Charlie Dean. Date of birth is December the twenty-third nineteen eighty.
OK thank you and your security question. What is the name of your first pet?
Jasper.
Jasper is a cute name.
OK thank you. So you said that you will like to locate an ATM. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
So you stated that you would like to locate an ATM. Is that correct?
No. I need to find the nearest ATM and dispute a transaction.
Oh OK. can I have your street address where you are inquiring?
Nine seven six South East. Drive Lane.
OK and the city and state?
Miami, Florida.
OK and the ZIP code, please.
Uh-oh. Three two five six seven.
OK. Thank you for providing that information for me. I do see that there are several ATMs near your location.
There is an ATM located on Rogers Street point seven miles away.
are you familiar with Rogers Street?
No. I'm not.
OK. oh there is also an ATM at the Coastal West Bank.
that one is about two point five miles away from you on Temple Terrace Drive. have you ever heard of the bank location close to West Bank?
No, ma'am. I have not.
OK. Well, that one is on Temple Terrace Drive. there is a three ninety-nine fee at that location what about there's a location here on third and fourteen street? Have you ever heard of that location?
Yes.
OK.
All right. So yeah that will be the closest location to you. would you like further information about how to find ATMs using our online banking tool?
No, thank you. But I can dispute a charge for these.
I was checking my card and I see a transaction that I did not approve.
My account balance is just not sound right either.
OK and can I have the card number connected to the transaction you are disputing?
I don't have that with me right now.
OK. What about the account number for the charge?
Three seven four seven five seven four five.
OK. Thank you.
And the dollar amount of the transaction in question.
Thirty-four dollars and seventy-seven cent.
OK and the date this transaction occurred.
March the fifth.
OK. Let me take a look here.
All right and the last question. what is the reason for the dispute?
I did not process this.
OK. Has anyone else has access to your card?
No.
OK. I see that the business is Walmart located in Hendersonville, North Carolina. Do you recognize this business?
No. I don't.
OK. Does this transaction have a membership fee?
No. This is a whole new one.
OK. So we will do a transaction inbye bye. So we will do a transaction investigation that will take about five to seven business days. During that time we will lock the card to avoid any further fraudulent transactions.
OK. Thank you very much.
All right. No problem. is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Can I update my personal information?
OK and what piece of information would you like to update?
My email.
OK. Can I have your current email address?
Yes we can't fix it at AOL dot com.
OK.
All right and I have that information updated. Would you like further information about online banking in order to update personal information more conveniently in the future?
No, thank you. I'd like to call in to make sure it's done correctly.
Oh OK. That's no problem. All right is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, ma'am. Thank you very much.
All right. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jamie. Have a great day.
OK you too. God bless.
Hi this is Francine Roberts at Intellibank. Well how can I help you?
All right Francine this is this is Jason Smith. I have an I have a savings account with y'all and a checking account I'm not totally sure how much is in the checking account. point is I am looking to I'm looking to close my accounts today.
OK. I'm gonna ask you a few questions real quick. what's your date of birth?
January second nineteen ninety-seven.
All right. Could I please get your credit card number?
yeah yeah yeah gimme one second. I gotta go grab my wallet.
All right, I got it. are you ready for that?
Yes, sir.
All right it's gonna be one seven seven one nine five three eight four two four two and zero three zero one.
All right, now I'm gonna ask you a security question. what street did you grow up on?
OK. Yeah yeah yeah. It was it was Bryson Avenue. It was west. West.
All right and what's the reason for closure?
I I am moving. I'm a I'm graduating from college and I am moving over to I'm just moving over to a new city and I'm just not the bank is not gonna be useful to your bank's not gonna be as useful to me over there so I'm just gonna I'm gonna take close this account and I'm gonna just put into a different bank. and yeah, that's why I'm closing today. And I was also gonna ask it is possible for you guys to move it to new bank account. I already have that one set up. or do y'all just have are y'all just just gonna send me a check? How's that gonna work?
All right, so I can deposit your funds into another account which account type would you like to use for the deposit? Checking or savings?
Are you asking me if I wanna deposit it from my checking and savings with y'all or are you asking if I want to put my all my account money in my checking and savings in the new accounts in the new bank?
With the new bank.
Oh, OK. Yeah yeah sorry about that. let's let's just put it in the checking for now. I'll I'll transfer I'll transfer to a savings to the savings account later. Let's all just put in the checking account right now.
All right, and could I get the deposit routing number for the account that you would like to receive the funds?
The new bank's routing number?
Yes.
Yeah, I gotta find my checkbook real quick. gimme one second. All right you still there? Yes, sir. Cool. all right I got the routing number the routing number is one five seven one eight eight nine nine two.
All right, could I now please get the bank account number you'd like to use for the deposit?
Sure check check account number one second. yeah yeah yeah I got it. You ready?
Yes sir.
It's zero one zero one nine five seven eight seven.
All right so the residual balance of your account that will be transferred is one thousand four hundred twenty-three dollars and forty-seven cents.
So that's both the checking and the savings account put together.
Yes. And. And it. yes sir.
That is.
Are you sure?
That is I spent more this year than I thought I did. OK. sorry yeah yeah that's fine that's fine.
All right so the transaction will probably go through in two to three days and the closure will happen as soon as that money is transferred to your new bank.
Is and yeah that's all thank you thank you that's all good. But is there there's not like a fee or something for closing an account is there?
no sir.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Sarah. How may I help you?
Hello I'm calling to transfer the main funds from my closing account to my other account.
OK, can I have your first and last name, and your date of birth please?
Yes, my name is Jason Bell and my birthday is October thirteenth nineteen seventy-three.
OK. Thank you. And can I have your account number please?
Yes, nine two nine four seven nine six my phone number is three six four six six seven four three seven eight in case you need it.
OK. Thank you and for your security code can I have the name of the street you grew up on?
Millburn Street.
OK, and can I have the account number of the account you are wanting to close?
Yes, three oh six eight four six seven.
OK. Thank you. And can I have the reason for the closure of the account?
I don't need it anymore.
OK, and which account would you like to transfer your funds into your checking or your savings account?
My savings
OK, and can I have the deposit routing number? For your for the account that will receive the funds.
Yes, seven six five four one nine eight six six five.
OK. Thank you.
Wait. That is the wrong routing number.
OK, can I have the correct routing number?
Yes, it is three nine three two eight one four three nine two.
OK, thank you. And can I have the bank account number that you wish to use for the deposit?
Yes, hold on a minute. I got to grab that information.
OK, no problem.
Yes it's hold on there It's hard for wait just got these new glasses and they're not really working that good.
Oh, no problem. Take your time.
It's I think the number is nine two nine four seven nine six
OK. Thank you. Let me just check your account balance here one second, and then we'll get those funds transferred over for you. And you did state that you were closing the account because it was no longer being in use, is that correct?
Yes.
OK, and when was the last time that you used the account?
It been about about six months ago.
Six months, OK thank you.
Do do you wear do you wear glasses ma'am?
Glasses, no. I don't wear well sometimes I do wear glasses when I'm reading. Yeah.
Oh. These glasses I just got they got me seeing blurry.
Oh, they may be the wrong prescription. You need to go get that checked out. Have them look at it again.
Mm.
Yeah, I might.
OK. So I am just completing this transfer and getting this account closed for you, but I am almost finished here give me a couple more seconds. Thank you for your patience.
No problem.
OK. And I do have those funds transferred. it will take about twenty-four to forty-eight hours to show into your account. Would you like any further information about online banking?
No thank you, that'll be it.
I'm sorry?
I said no, that'll be it. You done told me everything that I needed to know.
OK well, thank you for calling Intellibank, again my name is Sarah and I hope that you have a great day.
You too. Thank you for your help today.
Hello. thank you for contacting Intellibank today. My name is Alexander. How can I help you sir?
Good morning. John Andrew. How are you doing today Mister Alex?
OK. Thank you Mister John for asking. I'm doing fine and it's cool over here. How are you doing too sir?
I'm good. Everything is good too.
OK. OK. So Mister John Andrews please how can I help you?
OK I misplaced my wallet today and yes got debit a lot from my bank. He stole some of my funds so I would like to block my card.
Oh sorry about that sir. You misplaced your wallet?
Yes sir.
OK and you were debited like of some of your funds?
Yes sir.
Oh I'm very sorry to hear that sir.
Thank you.
OK sir I have to verify your identity.
OK. I have no problem with that.
OK sir what's your full name sir?
John Andrew.
OK John Andrew. OK sir what is your account number?
OK I'm gonna call it now. Four three nine six.
OK.
OK.
Four five.
OK.
Seven zero.
OK.
Nine one.
OK. OK. OK hey I got back a moment sir.
OK.
OK sir what's date of birth sir?
OK. Tenth March nineteen eight six.
OK. Thanks. March nineteen eighty six.
Yes sir.
OK. OK. sir please what's your license ID number?
OK I'm gonna call it now. B.
Mhm.
Six three zero.
OK.
Seven eight zero.
OK.
Four five nine two one zero.
OK. OK. OK. OK sir a moment or two please.
OK.
OK I just need you to answer. OK I'm gonna ask you some security questions.
OK.
OK thank you sir. sir so what's your mother's middle name?
Sarah.
OK. Sarah. OK a moment. OK sir what is your first pet name?
Charlie.
Oh OK sir what is your favorite food?
Seafood.
OK. OK sir. sir what type of bank account are you operating?
Checking account.
OK. OK sir. A a moment let me log in. Place you on hold sir.
OK.
OK I'm still with you sir.
OK.
OK sir what is the date of your loss?
It was yesterday, thirteenth.
OK. Yesterday thirteenth?
Yes.
OK sir please what's your most recent transaction made for you?
OK the last transaction I made with the card was a transfer to Wells Fargo Bank and that was my sister's account.
OK last transaction was to Wells Fargo?
Yes.
OK sir a moment.
OK.
OK sir I have two extra transfers, one to a Citibank and one to a Chase Bank.
OK.
Those were not made by you?
No. No. Hell no.
OK. I am sorry about that sir. I am sorry.
Thank you.
I'm gonna try getting your card blocked over here.
OK.
OK sir a moment please.
OK.
Moment sir.
K.
OK sir I've successfully blocked your card.
OK.
I'm sorry about everything.
Thank you so much.
OK sir we'll try to trace the lost funds and then see how it goes then we get back to you sir.
Thank you so much.
Yes sir. I wanna ask you sir is there anything I can do for you?
No.
OK sir the address here please I wanna confirm it. What's your current address sir?
OK my current address is one one zero eight zero Peachtree Drive. Miami, Florida three three one six one.
OK. I think it's still in line with what we have here so I'm gonna ship your new card to you soon as a day or two from now.
OK. OK that is two business days.
Yeah. Two business days sir.
OK.
OK sir thank you for your time.
Thank you for your time too.
OK I appreciate everything sir. Thank you for calling Intellibank. Do have a nice day sir.
Thank you. You have a nice day too.
OK. Bye.
Bye.
Hi, this is Rosy. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, my name is Sarah Smart and I'm calling to get the account balance on my checking account.
OK, I can help you with that. First, I just need to verify some information. what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Henry.
OK and what street do you live on?
I live at eight hundred north.
And one more thing, can you verify the last four of your SSN please?
Yes, it's seven seven six four.
OK, just one moment while I pull up your account information. You're calling today to check on your balance?
That's correct.
Will that be for your checking account or your savings account?
My savings. Oh no wait, I mean my checking.
Your checking account, OK. Can you verify your checking account number?
It's just one moment I gotta get it.
No problem. Let me know when you're ready.
OK, I have it.
OK.
It's two zero four nine six three three. Oh wait I said that wrong. It's two zero four nine six three two.
Two zero four nine six three two. Is that correct?
That's correct.
OK. It looks like your current balance is four thousand one hundred seventy-two dollars and sixty-eight cents. Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Did you say four thousand three hundred seventy-two and sixty-eight cents?
Nope, it's four thousand one hundred seventy-two and sixty-eight cents.
Oh I'm sorry, my daughter just asked me a question, so I didn't catch what you heard. Do you have any kids?
I sure do. I have two.
Really? Are they girls or boys?
One of each.
One of each. That's lucky. I have four kids.
Oh my, I bet that keeps you busy.
It sure does. so back to the balance, you said it was four thousand one hundred seventy-two dollars and sixty-eight cents and that was my checking, right?
Yes.
Could you check my savings account balance too, please?
OK, do you have that account number?
It's two zero four nine six three two, and then it's just zero two for the savings.
Oh all right. Two zero four nine six three two zero two. looks like your account balance is nine thousand seven hundred eighty-one dollars and twenty-one cents.
Wow, that's quite a bit lower than I expected. Wonder can you check when the last withdrawal was?
Yup, it looks like the last withdrawal was on the first of this month. and it looks like it was for one thousand five hundred one dollar and two cents.
And was it just cash or did it pay something?
It looks like it went to another financial institution. It doesn't give me the full name, but it says it was a bank. Was that about the time of the month that you pay your mortgage maybe?
It might be. My husband pays the bills so I don't really know. I just thought my balance was higher. can you tell me the the transaction that happened prior to that?
Yep, it looks like the transaction that was before that was on August fifteenth and it was twenty-six dollars and ninety-five cents on Amazon.
OK. One more thing, can you look back like at the first of August and see if there was a withdrawal for like the fifteen hundred and one dollars?
Yeah, so it appears that there was back on August first for the same amount to a bank.
OK, that must be my house payment then.
And just so you know if you'd like you can register online at our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com it'll ask you the same verification questions that I asked you at the beginning of the call and then you can set up an account and you'll be able to check your balance there and also see your transaction history.
Oh well that was helpful. It's WWW dot Intellibank dot com?
That's correct and when you get there, you'll just look in the upper right hand corner and you'll see account setup and then you'll answer the verification questions and you should be able to get right in.
Oh that would be terrific. Thank you. What did you say your name was again?
My name is Rosy, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think I'm good. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Have a great day.
You too.
Good morning. And thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
Hello, yes. I'm calling about some. I have multiple accounts at this bank and one of them I would like to close out today. I don't use it very much, and I would like to to have whatever balance I have in that account transferred over to another account that I actually use. can you help me with that today?
yes ma'am. I'd be happy to help you with that. first of all, can I ask who I'm speaking with?
yes. My name is Sara, S A R A. Dunning, D U N N I N G.
OK, Missus Dunning. may I also have your date of birth?
yes, my birthday is oh eight oh seven, nineteen eighty.
OK. And for the final piece of information, may I please have your driver's license number?
oh yes. I would hold on one second, please. Lemme get that out of my purse.
OK. I'm I'm looking at my driver's license right now and I see two numbers on it. one of the numbers starts with the letter T and then is all numbers. And the second number is six seven. A nine digit number. It's all numbers. Do you have any idea which one is the correct one?
OK, Missus Dunning. I'm I'm looking at that what we have on file and the number I have on file does not have any letters in it. So why don't you go ahead and read me the one that's all numbers. And see if that is the correct one.
OK. That number is two one two, zero six, oh seven, one three.
OK. Lemme put that in. that's it. OK. That was the one. So, I'm looking at your accounts and it looks like you do have multiple accounts here. And you're saying that you would like to close one out? do you have the account number to the one that you would like to close out?
yes, I do. It's zero six seven, nine eight three, nine.
OK, wonderful. Not That is a savings account. it does look like you have a forty-two dollar balance in that account. And you were saying that you would like to transfer that over to a different account that's more active. Do you have the account number that you would like to transfer it to?
actually, I do. So the account I would like to put the money into is zero seven seven, six eight, two five.
OK, wonderful. Let me go ahead and get this started for you. Let me start closing this savings account out. It'll just take a second. from this day forward, you should not have any activity. you should not receive any notifications about this savings account. It will be closed. you will have to come to a local branch and sign two pieces of paperwork just to make it final and legal, saying that you were the person who terminated this account and it can no longer be used and that will be the end of it, but you should not receive anything or have any activity on this savings account. from this day forward. OK, and I am going to transfer this over to the checking account. do you happen to have the routing number for this checking account? Just so I can verify and make sure that's everything is going into the correct account.
yes ma'am. The routing the routing number for that account is zero three six, five six nine, seven eight nine.
OK, wonderful. It is going into that account. you will now have a a checking. That's your checking account. You will now have a balance of five hundred and sixty-eight dollars in that account. you will see the forty-two dollars has gone in on your the next time you check it online, and that's what that deposit is. OK. That's all taken care of. Everything's straightened out. The savings account is now closed and you just have to sign the documents. the money has been transferred over to the checking account. Taking a look here and just making sure everything looks good. Is there anything else I can help you with with any of your accounts today?
no. I think that's it. I I don't recall anything else that I needed help with. if everything looks good on what you're looking at, I think I'm I think I'm just gonna be done.
OK. Well, that's all finished. The money has been transferred. Your savings account has been closed out per the computer and and online. You do have to go sign the paperwork. everything else on your account looks good. I don't see anything that, you know is worth bringing up. Let me see. Is there anything else that you'd be interested in learning about with our banking services today?
no. I think I'm good. I think I I have everything I need. And I've pretty much. I've been there on a regular basis. So I kind of know all the the promotions and all the accounts and credit cards and stuff. So you don't you don't need to talk about that.
OK, no problem. I won't I won't get into all that with you, but if you ever have any questions or if you would ever be interested in anything, please don't hesitate to call. We're always here to help. and if that's gonna be it, thank you and have a great day.
Mm, thank you. You have a great day too.
OK. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Marie. How can I help you today?
Hi, Marie. I'm hoping you can help me get some info on where I can find a Intellibank branch near me. I haven't lived here long and don't know the area.
That shouldn't be a problem. Let's start with your name and address so I can get started on your request.
I'm Chris Benner and I live at three twenty-five Market Street North. In Ashville North Carolina. My zip's three, I'm I'm sorry, it's two eight eight zero one.
OK. Let me check options for your area on branch locations. Can you hold, please, while I look up this information for you?
Sure, no problem.
Thanks for waiting. I have some results for you that hopefully will suit your needs. Let me add I can also email this list to you if you would like so you would have them for future reference. Would that be a good benefit to you?
Sure, why not? I won't have to write it down then. It'll save me from having to find something to write on. Nowadays everyone is using these smartphones to keep track of things. I still like old fashioned pen and paper, myself. It it's just always there and you don't have to worry about it not being available because the phone went dead. You know what I mean? Marie? It's just crazy how technology is taking over everything. I'm just happy about it. I'm I mean I'm not happy about it, really.
I know what you mean. Some people have a hard time with changing technology. Especially, it's harder for older folks. OK. I have your branch office choices ready when you are. And also, I need your email address to send a copy, while we're speaking of technology.
Yeah, technology can be a pain. my email address is gray wave seven, that's G R A Y W A V E seven at Gmail dot com. G M A I L dot C O M.
That was G R A Y W A V E seven at Gmail dot com, is that right?
yeah, that's right. Oh also what are the hours at your customer service place where you are?
Our nationwide customer service hours are eight to six eastern standard time. Monday through Friday. I can give you the branch offices you were interested in, if you are ready.
Sure. Sure, I'm ready.
The first branch office in your area is located in the Magnolia District. And it's precise address is five eighty-eight Sawyer Manor Terrace East, near the City Market. The second location I found, which is a bit further from you, is the Corner Street Market location at Piskey Way. That's twelve hundred, Piskey Way. Are you familiar with either location and do you need more options? Because I can continue.
I know where the Corner Street Market is, so I guess I will go with that one. It's convenient enough for me. Just for curiosity sake, how many more are there in in my area?
Let me see. I've come up with five locations, but some are further away from you and probably not as convenient. When I mail the list to you, you can see if there's another option you might prefer later on. I might add that the Corner Street Market location does note that they have shorter business hours on Friday. Apparently they close at three p.m. , which might be of interest to you when planning your visit.
Yeah, that could be a problem. I do a lot of payroll stuff and so I need later hours. Is there a location near Dansforth area?
let me double check. No, I don't see a branch near there, unfortunately. But there is one in northern Ashville is if that is of help.
where in northern Ashville?
It's at Granby and Delta Street, near the Granby Avenues Mall.
OK. I'm not so familiar with that area. I'll have to ride out there and and look around.
That's probably the best bet. Sometimes putting eyes on a location is the best policy and you can check the mileage differences and traffic.
I agree. I'll do that. Thanks for your help.
No problem I'm glad I could be of help. Can you check your email and see if that list I sent went through? If not, I can resend it to you.
Wait a second. I'll check it, just hold on.
Yep. I got it. Just fine.
Good to hear. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything right now. I'm sure something will come up to me as soon as I hang up the you know.
Well, if you do think of something you want help with, we're here until six p.m.. I hope I was helpful and that you were satisfied with my service, and if you opt to take to take the customer experience survey, I hope I have earned your ratings. For high marks. Just for a reminder, my name is Marie. Thank you for calling again, Chris, and have a pleasant day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Azumi. Who am I speaking with today?
my name's Edward Elric not sure I can do this over the phone but I have a checking account that I just wanna close out today.
Oh OK. Yeah Mr. Elric so you can actually close out an account over the phone There is an account closure form that I have to send to your email, this will allow me to close that account, but first off can I get your account number and the last four digits of your social security please?
Yeah. My account number that I want to close is, one zero zero one zero one and the last of my social is fifty-two fourteen.
OK. Perfect, Now I just want to make sure I have that number correctly. So I have one zero zero one zero one, and then the last four of the social were fifty-two fourteen.
Yeah. That's right.
Perfect, and then can I get your date of birth please?
Yeah. It's October fourth nineteen ninety.
OK. Perfect. Thank you for that information. All right Mr. Elric let me pull up your account, just one second.
Yeah.
So how long have you worked for Intellibank?
Oh so it's it's actually Intellibank but, No you're totally fine. We actually get that a lot so you're definitely not alone one that one.
Yeah. Sorry I forgot.
and then so I've actually worked here for about five years now. I worked at a branch for the first two years and then I switched over to the call center.
Which do you like working better at, call center or the branch?
so they're both really different So it's the call center is a little bit more fast paced then the branch, we get a lot of like different request then what I used to over at the branch so it's really nice. and then I learned a lot more here at the call center than I did over at the at the bank.
do they pay you more here or at the branch?
so since we get like more of a of a volume, they do pay us a little bit more here there is a little bit more training as well so and the that's kind of the reason why I switched over since they do pay you more dependent on the work.
Oh. Well that's nice.
Yeah. I like it a lot.
All right Mr. Elric sir, I do have your account pulled up and then I do have to ask you your security question, first off it was, what is the first name of your youngest sibling?
Yeah. His name is Alfonse.
OK. Perfect thank you. That is what we have on file.
and then were you wanting to close that checking account ending in zero one zero one right?
Yeah. That's that's it.
OK. Perfect, and then we do have to ask what what is the reason why you're wanting to close out your account today?
Yeah. So my parents actually opened up this account since I was a kid so it's been a really long time, so they wanted to start me off early they thought it'd be a good idea just to get me to learn how to manage my account and stuff but now that I'm married and I have a couple of other accounts with my wife were just wanna consolidate all of it together so we don't have money all over the place.
Oh. OK perfect. Yeah that's completely understandable. We just wanna make sure that if it was like a service issue or anything else that we can address it.
and then so that we have the information to be able to make changes later on so if that was it I'll go ahead and fill out your account closure form, and then I do need to send it to your email can I verify what your email is?
Yeah. It's gonna be Edward underscore Elric at Gmail dot com.
OK. Awesome, and then I do wanna verify that I have it correctly. So I have E D W A R D and that was underscore E L R I C at Gmail dot com?
Yeah that's right.
Perfect. Thank you for that. OK. So we'll go ahead and get that account closed. So then it also looks like there is eight hundred forty-one dollars and ninety, in that checking account. where do you want us to send those funds to?
Yeah. Is there anyway you can send that to my chase account?
Yeah. Absolutely we do have to get some of that information. Do you happen to have the account and routing number?
Oh. Yeah. I have to find my checkbook real quick.
OK. Yeah sure. Take your time.
Yeah. Sorry I should of had that.
Oh no. That's totally fine. Once you have it we can get that put in.
OK. I have the info right here. So the account at chase is nine five one seven five three eight two, and the routing for that is, one two four five eight two six nine three.
OK. Perfect OK. I just want to verify that the account number is correct and the routing. So account number was nine five one seven five three eight two and routing number was, one two four five eight two six nine three?
Yeah.
OK. Perfect, and then was that a checking or savings account at chase?
it's checking.
OK. Perfect. Thank you for that information so I'll go ahead and process the account closure. you will see that account closed within the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours and then after you receive your form form in the email and you'll see that on your online banking. the balance of eight forty one and ninety cents will be transferred over to your chase checking account ending in five three eight two do you have any other questions on your account today?
Yeah. I actually had one. so I have an auto loan and I set up the automatic payment but I haven't seen the payment come out of my chase account also wanted to know what's the new balance on the loan?
OK. Yeah Yeah we can take a, definitely take a look at that so it looks like on the auto loan so your payment isn't due until the twenty third of this month, so that's why it hasn't been processed yet. Once the twenty third comes around you will see the funds of that payment come out of your chase account and then let's see the balance on your loan right now is four thousand eight hundred twenty-one dollars and ninety-seven cents.
OK. Yeah that makes sense I totally forgot that I changed the payment date.
OK. Yeah you're totally fine.
was there anything else that you were needing today Mr. Elric?
mmm no. I think that's everything that I had. Thanks for your help.
Yeah. Of course anytime. Have a great day.
You as well.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jessica. How can I assist you today?
Yeah, my name is Bill Jones and I wanna make a wire transfer.
I received a notice about a rate increase but I was told by another agent this wouldn't happen until next year.
Any info you could help me with would be great. I really wish we had more of a notice of these things. My wife and I just got back from vacation and I saw the letter.
We just got from back from vacation. How has the weather been for you lately?
Pretty good and yours?
All of it's beautiful on vacation. We loved it. We went to the beach.
Getting back to the rate increase. Can you check and see if I got the letter? Because I can lock in the if I got the letter because I can lock in that rate?
Certainly.
Mr. Jones, I'll be happy to help you today.
We did do a campaign offering select customers a rate lock to give our loyal customers that locked in rate.
All rate increases were effective immediately as was handed down by our corporates offices.
However we do have a promotion available now that will lock in the rate for twelve months.
Let me check to see if that offer is available to you.
Give me a moment to check.
Sure, no problem. I really hope I can get that rate lock to for the next twelve months. That would really help me out a lot.
OK Mr. Jones in the meantime, let me get some information from you so I can check your account.
Your first and last name.
Bill Jones.
Date of birth?
Ten fourteen nineteen seventy-five.
Authenticating ID number.
One two six eight nine four.
And for security purposes, to verify your identity, what street did you grow up on?
Main Street.
OK and your back account number.
Six nine nine two five five.
And the amount of the wire transfer.
Nine hundred.
And is this for a checking or savings account?
This is for checking.
OK and the deposit routing number.
Two six zero nine nine nine five six zero.
And your bank account number.
Six nine eight seven eight four.
OK Mr. Jones, let me confirm I have all your information correct before we proceed further.
I have the first and last name as Bill Jones.
Date of birth ten fourteen nineteen seventy-five.
Authenticating ID number one two six eight nine four. Security question was the street you grew up on. That was Main Street.
And the account number is six nine nine two five five and the transaction amount is nine hundred dollars.
To a checking account.
The deposit routing number is two six zero nine nine nine five six zero.
The deposit account number is six nine eight seven eight four.
Incorrect.
OK and great news Mr. Jones. We can give you a promo to lock in your rate.
For a full twelve months, would you like to go ahead and take advantage of that today on this call.
Yes, that sounds great.
Your account balance before the transfer is twenty-nine hundred dollars.
And your balance after this transaction will be two thousand dollars.
All US transactions will retain a fee for two ninety two dollars and ninety-nine cents.
In all fifty states, while international transactions are eight dollars and ninety-nine cents.
Per transaction, if funds cannot be accepted, it will return to your account within thirty days.
Your wire transfer has been completed.
And will be available to the recipient within three business days from today.
Thank you very much.
Would you like further information about online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
I don't think so, not today.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No I think that'll cover it.
Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
.
Mm how are you doing today, Stevenson?
I'm doing all right, Jake. How you doing today?
I'm doing fine. I'm doing fine. Thank you for asking. can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
OK. Can I also get your account number?
It's eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK. Also, just for security purpose, can I get your email?
It's organic peach at Gmail dot com.
OK. You said organic peach? At Gmail dot com?
Yes.
Yes.
OK. All right. Just for security purposes, well, can I also get the answer to one of your security questions? What is your favorite animal?
Giraffe.
All righty. That that works with me. Well how can I help you today?
OK. I moved and I don't know what address you have me under, but I have a new address. And I think it's under my old address. I don't know what you have.
Oh OK.
OK. Let's look that up. Do you remember the last address?
It was thirty-nine sixty-nine Treewood.
Treewood?
Yes.
OK. Yeah that that'll be it. OK I we got you right there, and you said you wanna change your address?
Yes.
All righty. What are we changing it to?
We changing it to sixteen thirty-nine Warsaw, one zero zero zero two, New York City.
OK. And you said the ZIP code was one zero zero zero.
Two.
Two. OK.
Yes.
New York New York.
Yeah. What a move.
Well hey look. I heard they make big moves out there so they that's that's a good thing. All right. Just logging this in right now. OK.
Yes, they do.
And I need the nearest branches you have. I need the nearest one to that new address.
Oh to the to the one you just moved to?
Right.
Oh OK OK. Let me finalize this first.
OK.
All righty.
And I will get right on that.
OK. is it a little brisk tonight. I mean today.
It's that New York weather.
Oh yeah.
You you you gonna get used to it?
I don't think so. I don't think so.
All right. Ms. Stevenson, I definitely got you logged in, and right now I'm looking around OK. Just by from your location you got one that's just two miles around you like just around your street. that's on Apple street. one three five Apple street. Seems like a pretty big branch, so that's probably be the main one you can go to. You got one about eight miles away from there on Cherry Street.
OK.
OK.
Oh OK.
OK.
I guess they like fruit.
Fruit yeah.
All right and yeah that's those seem to be the most reasonable ones to go to. The next one is like twenty miles out but mhm. yeah those. Apple one three five Apple street and then Cherry street at twenty-four thirty-seven Cherry street.
Oh.
Oh.
OK.
Now is that east or west?
From you, Apple would be east, and Cherry should be definitely west.
All righty.
OK.
All righty.
is there anything else? Do you need to know your account balance?
yes please.
OK and this is a checking or savings?
This is a savings.
Savings. OK. OK. Yeah this. you have. You have four thousand eight hundred seventy-six and sixty-five cents.
OK.
Mkay, You, you're, you're well aware of our online banking? You have everything. Oh OK. All right. That's good. That's good. Anything else I can help you with?
All righty.
Yes. Yes. Yes. I do.
no. That's about it. That's about it.
Oh.
All righty. Enjoy your new place and stay.
All righty. Thank you, I appreciate that.
Nah, no problem no problem. Thank you for calling Intellibank, Ms. Stevenson.
OK. You have a good day, sir.
You too.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. How are you today?
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. How are you?
I'm doing great. I've been outside enjoying this weather most of the day. My name is Kim. I I actually am calling to dispute a charge on my account. on my checking account please.
OK. I can certainly help you with that. I wish I was out enjoying my day today too but I am stuck in my office.
Oh no. Yeah working on on the weekends always sucked. I remember doing that for years and years and while all my friends were out gallivanting around, I was working on the weekend.
Right. Yeah I can see the sun setting from my office window and I just want to be out there.
I imagine.
All right, Kim. I wanna ask you a few questions to get into your account for you and help you. All right. I see so your first name is Kim. And what is your last name?
Sure.
It's Johns. It's J O H N S and my date of birth is four twenty-four seventy-seven.
All right. Thank you so much for that information and are you calling about your checking or a savings?
my checking account.
OK and can you please provide me with that number.
Sure. That is let me see here. Now I thought I had it right in front of me. Bear with me for one moment.
Sure. Take your time.
Oh OK here we go. the checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. And I have a security question for you. What is your mother's maiden name?
her maiden name is Murphy.
OK. Thank you so much. And can you please tell me what the dollar amount is for this transaction that you're disputing?
Sure.
The the dollar amount is three hundred and eleven dollars and eleven cents and the the dispute is actually with a hotel. I had canceled with them five days ago and they told me that they were not gonna charge my account. I have called the hotel actually three times since I saw this charge on my online statement and no one has gotten back to me. so I thought I could dispute it with you guys and then you know the can you know, they they can settle it with you. Because the the stay didn't happen and it was canceled within twenty-four hours. So it was within their cancellation policy and there shouldn't I never had the stay, so there should be a charge.
OK. So your reason for the dispute is that you've never stayed and they were not supposed to charge you to begin with.
Exactly.
OK. And you said the dollar amount was three hundred and eleven dollars. And what date was that?
that was for August twentieth.
August twentieth. OK. All right. Thank you so much. And Miss Johns I just have a few more questions for you before I can get over to the dispute the dispute department, excuse me. And get this handled for you. does anyone else have access to your account that could've possibly made this transaction?
Of this year.
Sure.
no. Just me. I've never given my card or my card information to anybody.
OK. And I know you said you don't recognize this transaction and the business that we're talking about is what hotel?
It was the Hamden Inn. I mean I recognize the the hotel, it's just that they weren't supposed to charge me and I have tried to reconcile it with them and they haven't gotten back to me. I've contacted them three separate times and still it's been, you know, since the middle of last month or excuse me, the previous month. It's even October now. So it's been over a month you know since that date and once I saw all that on my statement last month I contacted them and I've contacted them like I said three times and they haven't gotten back to me. So I just want to you know, have you all remove it and then you know, that way I don't have to even wait on them any longer.
Mhm.
I understand your frustration completely. They should have handled this on their end and we will make sure to take care of it on ours. All right. I just wanted to confirm that I have all the necessary information to start this dispute for you Miss Johns. I will be putting you on just a brief hold. I have to submit this information to our dispute department. they may actually get on the line to speak to you as well. so if you just bear with me just a moment, OK?
Sure. Thank you.
OK, I'll be
Right back. You're welcome.
OK Miss Johns. Thank you so much for holding. So they're not gonna need to speak to you. I gave them all the information and they have already started your dispute. However what we will need to do right now is go ahead and lock that card to protect you against any further fraudulent charges. OK?
OK.
did you need to go and take money out before we do that? I know sometimes it's an inconvenience to lock a card down. I only have one card that I use and I know that would would have an issue for me. So I just wanted to give you that opportunity if you needed to do so.
Right.
No. That's OK. I would like my account balance for that same for the checking account. and So it'll be locked until the. And how long do the disputes take?
That dispute generally takes well it's being documented right now. So it should take anywhere from three to five business days for you to hear back from our dispute department. I just wanna make sure that we have the correct phone number on file. Could you please tell me that number?
Sure. It's seven one seven nine nine three zero five eight two.
OK. Thank you. And also your updated email.
the email address should be already on file correctly cuz I get those emails but it's K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK.
OK fabulous. So they'll be contacting you by email and also by phone. usually these disputes are pretty quick. so I would say it'd probably be closer to three days rather than five. OK. and I'm gonna go ahead to put that lock on and could you let me know. check your email and just see if you have confirmation of that.
OK.
OK. I got the email.
All right. Thank you so much. OK Miss Johns, was there anything else that I could help you with today?
yes. I just wanted the account balance. For the checking account.
Oh
I'm so sorry. You did ask me that previously. OK, that account balance, sans the three hundred and eleven dollars that is not supposed to be there. Is five thousand five hundred dollars and thirteen cents.
Oh OK. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
You are very welcome. And was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Nope. That's everything. Thanks so much.
All right and you didn't need me to check the savings account balance did you? I'm sorry, I I thought you asked me that earlier or did I just.
No. I was I was asking for the checking account. You gave me that.
Oh my goodness.
Everything's running together today. I'm so sorry.
That's OK.
All right Miss Johns. We value your loyalty here at Intellibank and thank you so much for being a great customer. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye Bye.
Ring, ring.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jenny. How can I help you?
Yes, I need to check the balance on my savings account and checking account, please.
OK. And your name, please.
Gladys Johnson.
OK, Gladys. How do you spell that?
G L A D Y S.
mhm.
And Johnson's the traditional spelling J O H N S O N.
J O H N S O N. All right Gladys, and your date of birth.
Six one nineteen fifty-seven and my email address is gladys dot Johnson one nine five seven at Yahoo dot com. And you want my phone number too?
no I don't think we need that yet, I do need your four digit PIN, however.
OK.
Zero nine one nine.
OK, and let's see. And the number on that checking account.
Zero seven one three six zero six.
Zero seven one three six zero six.
Would you like my savings account number also?
not quite yet. I can't put them both in at the same time. OK, and let's see let's get how about the name of your first pet, please.
Oh.
Lassie.
And your favorite film.
The Red Shoes.
Thank you so much for that Gladys. Let's go ahead and look up that account balance that is in your checking account is four hundred and eighty-three dollars and thirteen cents.
OK, thank you. Could we also check my savings account, please?
Sure. Let me get outta this real quick. OK, and let's see. And that account balance. That account number, please.
Zero seven one three six zero six zero.
Zero seven one.
Zero seven one three six zero six zero.
Yes ma'am.
All right. Gimme one second. OK. And that account balance. That is a savings account that has one hundred and seven thousand dollars in it.
Can you please check that again? That cannot be right.
I am checking. I do see a hundred and seven thousand dollars.
Well, I wonder what happened to that money because there should've been a lot more in there than that.
Well, I can tell you. Let's go back and look at the at the at your history of the account.
OK. Thank you.
let's see. So it looks like the last transaction was a a withdrawal by your account partner. who took out four hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
That makes perfect sense cuz I was also gonna update my personal information because we just bought a house obviously.
Oh, I see. Apparently, you paid cash for that house. That must be very nice.
I didn't know anything about it.
All right. So you did say you wanted to go ahead and update some personal information.
Yes. We just moved next door but yeah I still think I need to update my address so that I will get my mail.
OK. Absolutely. We love to have your current mailing address. All right. One moment. Lemme pull up that screen. OK. And let's see. What is your old address at Gladys?
Six three nine Navy Street.
mhm.
Colorado Springs, Colorado.
mhm.
Eight zero nine zero four.
OK. And let's see.
Can can you believe that we just purchased the house right next door? Isn't that crazy?
Well, it's it's it's sort of crazy wonderful I think.
That might be. May be true but who knows? And now we have to go through the moving process and we have to hire people to move us just to move next door because we're too old to do it ourselves.
Yeah.
Well, at. Maybe you can enjoy both houses.
I don't think we can afford that.
All right. So let's see Gladys. And what's your new address, please?
Six four one.
Six four one.
Navy Street.
Navy Street.
Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Colorado Springs.
Eight zero nine zero four.
Eight zero nine zero four.
And would you like my phone number? I think it's the same number but you might not have it on record.
Sure. Let's go ahead and update that.
Seven one nine.
mhm.
Two three four.
Two three four.
Six seven six seven.
Six seven six seven. OK. We've got that. is there anything else that you wanted to take care of today?
Yes. Could I please transfer some money from my savings to my checking account?
Oh, of course. I'd be happy to help you with that. let's see. And can I get that checking account number again, please?
Zero seven one.
Zero seven one.
Three six zero six.
Three six zero six. OK. And you said we're gonna be transferring from your savings to your checking?
Correct.
And how much did you wanna transfer?
Twenty-five thousand.
OK. Twenty-five thousand.
I'm gonna go out and spend money just like he does. So I'm gonna go make some purchases.
Well it sounds like it's gonna be a fun afternoon for you, Gladys. All right. So let's see. That's twenty-five thousand dollars from your savings account into your checking account.
Correct.
And now your balance in your checking account is twenty-nine thousand eighty-three dollars and thirteen cents.
OK. That sounds good. Thank you very much.
All right. And let's see. I just wanted to be sure before I let you go that you know about our online banking.
I do.
OK. Are you interested in setting that up, perhaps?
Not right now. I don't like my access out available to people. So I just like to keep it where I have to call in to get my information.
All right. That sounds great to me Gladys. That you so much for calling today. You have a great afternoon.
You the same. Thank you.
You're welcome. Bye bye.
Man. That was a rough one.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes. I'd like to have a transaction looked at. I think it might be fraud.
OK. I can help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
My name is Claire Morrison. And its M O R R I S O N.
All right. Thank you. Do you prefer that I call you Claire, or Mrs. Morrison?
Claire is fine.
OK Claire. Could you provide me with an account number, or social security number for you?
My account number is two three nine. Seven zero five.
All right. Let me just repeat that back to you real quick. That is two three nine. Seven zero five. For that account number. Correct?
Yes. That's correct.
All right Claire. Could you also provide me with your date of birth as well?
It's nine nine of nineteen eighty.
That's September ninth of nineteen eight. OK. I have I have that. I have located your account. It looks like you have a security question on your account, for security purposes. Can you please tell me your mother mabye bye, your mother's maiden name?
Yes. Her name was Parker.
All right. Thank you Claire. I have your account pulled up. Can you tell me what the amount of the transaction is. That you would like to dispute?
It was for four hundred and fifty six dollars, and ninety cents. And it was to a Locos Taqueria in San Juan, Mexico. It looks like.
All right. And what was the date on that transaction?
It's saying it was on September eighth of twenty twenty one. On my bank statement.
OK Claire. And have you recently traveled out of the country? Or into the area of Mexico?
No. Absolutely have not. We have not been out of the country since I moved here from England in two thousand and three. And certainly not to Mexico.
All right. I understand Claire. Have you recently had a debit card that has been lost or stolen on this account?
No. We, we all have our cards. and nobody's has been lost or stolen that we're aware of. I think we accounted for all of them. After we discovered this.
OK. Were there any other transactions on your account that you were not responsible for? That seemed odd to you?
this is the only one that I saw. I went back several weeks to just try to confirm that this was the only one that I saw.
All right Claire. So what I'm going to do is, I'm going to put in a request for our fraud department to look into this transaction. And see if they can find out what is going on. you should receive a call from one of their investigators in a day or so to get more information. The phones won't be immediately available to you. But once they determine that there was a fraud, Intellibank will release those funds back to you. in order for us to get this rectified for you. But abye bye, but at this time we're just going to kind of have to hold on and wait for that fraud investigator to give you a call. And get that additional information for you.
OK. Its just so crazy. I just don't get how someone in Mexico got our information. Or how they would spend over four hundred dollars at a Taqueria?
Well I, I agree with you. That is a lot of money to spend on a restaurant. And unfortunately very sorry that this has happened to you.
it is a crazy amount. my husband and I, we were talking and like, we took our friends out from a few years ago in Dallas. And there were like four of us. And four dinners. And drinks. And it was only like three hundred and thirty dollars. And my husband about had a heart attack over that three hundred and thirty dollars. Because we are like a value menu type of family.
I completely understand, Claire. I would've had a heart attack too. I, I did send request through for you. You should also receive an email with that dispute information. it'll outline your claim and also outline kind of the steps of the process from here on out so that you're aware. Is there anything else that I can help with you today?
yes. Actually, like I think I'd like to transfer the rest of those funds from that account to my bank account that I have at Unity Bank. If that's possible?
Obye bye, OK. So, I just want to clarify with you. So you're wanting to transfer those remaining funds that you have in your account. The one two three nine seven zero five. and you're wanting to transfer those to Unity Bank? A Unity Bank account that you have? Is that correct?
Yes please. That's correct.
And are you wanting to close this account?
Oh no, I don't think I want to close it. I just don't want them to scam anymore money out of us. So I just would rather move the money that we have in that account. To another bank until we can get this figured out. If that makes sense.
OK. OK Claire. I understand that. I just want to let you know, that your account security is of the utmost important to us here at Intellibank. And if you would like, I can discuss some other options that we have available for you. Where we might be able to address this issue with this account. and get something else set up for you. Where you feel like a little bit more comfortable. given the situation right now.
I mean I appreciate that. I just really prefer to transfer the money out of Unity. I'm sorry. Out of your bank account now to the Unity Bank account. just for right now. And then we can always come back to Intellibank. If if something changes. Or we get this worked out in the future.
OK Claire. I combye bye, I completely understand that. I'm sorry that this has happened to you. and I do want to, to make this right for you. And get you where you're feeling comfortable. In order to do that transfer, I will need to get some information from you regarding that transfer. So if you can just, just give me a few minutes of your time. I do need to know what the routing number for Unity Bank is. Do you have that information?
yes I do. Its nine eight six. Four five. Six seven eight.
OK. And that's routing number nine eight six. Four five. Six seven eight. Correct?
Yes.
and you give me your account number for you at Unity Bank?
So my account number's two three four Nine eight seven zero zero.
All right. Let me confirm that as well. That is account number two three four. Nine eight seven zero zero. Correct? And also is that account in your name?
Yes. That's correct. And its actually in me and my husband's name. My husband is Jake. J A K E Morrison.
All right. OK. I'll put that in both of your guys' name. And it looks like right now, the account currently has a balance available of nine thousand nine hundred and eighty nine twelve. So is that the amount that you're wanting to have transferred? Over to, to Unity Bank?
Yes. That's correct.
All right and it looks like you have a pin set for this account for security purposes when it comes to wire transfers. Could you please give me that four digit passcode?
the four digit code is four three nine zero.
All right Claire. I got it. I'm going to transfer that money now. I do want to let you know that most transfers can be seen immediately. Depending on but depending on Unbye bye, Unity Bank's processes, those funds can sometimes take twenty four to forty eight hours. For you to be able to see those in the other account. so just, don't be alarmed if you don't see them immediately. It just may mean that there's an extra day there of processing.
OK. I understand.
All right Claire. it looks like the transfer is completed on our end. And those funds have been sent. You should receive a receipt of transfer to your email. We're going to keep that account open for you at this time. While we review that fraudulent transaction. And can get that investigated for you. OK?
Yes. Thank you.
Absolutely. Was there anything else that I can assist you with today?
no. I do not believe so.
OK Claire. Well I am sorry that this fraud occurred for you. And I hope that we can get this fraud resolved. And that you can continue being an Intellibank customer in the future. You have a great day. OK?
Hello. Good evening. Hello.
Hello. Good evening. Am I speaking with Intellibank?
Yes, ma. You are speaking with Intellibank. How was your day, ma?
It was fine and yours?
It was very good, ma.
How is weather over there?
The weather looks summer over we thank God.
Good good good good good. I hope the weather is not too cold to be catching cold.
Not really, thank you.
OK, ma. How may I help you madam?
.
I I want to do a wire transfer.
Wire transfer?
Yes.
Wire transfer.
You got it.
You want to make a wire transfer.
I want to make
You got it. I want to make some wire transfer.
Good good good. What is your first name, madam?
My first name. is Maria.
Maria. Maria. Good. Your last name, madam?
Matthew.
Matthew. Good good.
Good. OK.
How much do you want to wired?
Is the person that want to receive money is the same country with you or other country?
Do receiving monbye bye, the person who want to receive the money, is he same country?
Yeah. We are in the same country.
The same country with me.
OK. The person who want to receive the money is in same country with you.
Exactly.
Can you please give me your identification number and then your social security number and your national ID card.
OK.
Four three four.
Four three four.
Nine seven.
Nine seven.
Zero seven.
Zero seven.
Eight three.
Eight three. OK.
Let me call that for you.
Four three four.
Nine seven zero seven eight three.
Is that correct?
Exactly.
OK.
Can I? What is. Can you please tell me your mother middle name?
My mother middle name is Ruth.
Ruth.
Ruth. Ruth. That's good.
OK. I'll give you the withdrawal account number.
Withdrawal account number. Are you there, ma'am?
Yeah. I'm here.
Can you please give me the withdrawal account number?
OK.
Three seven nine.
Zero eight.
Nine four six.
Eight.
Zero.
OK. I can try to see it here.
To advise you on the account balance, the fee for international transactions the account balance cannot be transferred to other country but it can be transferred within the country.
Do you understand?
Yeah. That's why I said that with the the recipient is in the same country with me. We are in the same country.
OK, madam. Do you want to do be doing online transactions? I mean online banking?
No. I don't want that.
OK. You don't want online banking?
Yes.
OK.
All right.
What is the amount you want to make the transfer?
The amount that you want to transfer?
Ten thousand dollars.
OK. Transfer type you have to clarify.
OK.
You said the person is in the same country. That is domestic transaction, right?
Yes.
OK. That's good.
OK. OK.
Can you please give us the provide the deposit's routing number for the account that is receiving the fund?
OK.
Are you there?
Yeah yeah yeah.
Nine eight.
Nine eight.
Four four.
Four four.
Three six.
Three six.
Zero one.
Zero one.
Two.
Two. Good. That is nine. OK. What about the account number of the bank you want to deposit the money into?
Are you there?
Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Give us the account number you want to deposit the money to.
OK.
Five five.
Five five.
Three.
Three.
Six two.
Six two.
Eight.
Eight. OK. Good. All right, ma'am.
Do you still have anything that you want us to do for your?
Nothing more. I just want to wire the person into the person's account number which are the same country with to me and I want the person to receive it as quick as possible.
OK. you want to transfer the money into the person personal account number?
Yes. That's the personal personal account number. That's it.
Or you want to
Pay a bill to a business account? You just want to pay directly to the personal account number?
No.
Yes directly to the personal account number not to the business account number.
OK.
Thank you very much. Is there anything else you want us to do for you?
Not really. That would be all for now.
Thank you for banking with Intellibank.
You're welcome.
Have a very lovely day, ma'am.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Nathan. How can I help you today?
my name is Liam Payton. P A Y T O N and I see a funny looking charge on my checking account. Some sort of transaction that went through that that I don't know anything about.
All right, Mr. Payton. I can certainly help you try and get to the bottom of that today.
Can I go ahead and get your date of birth and the last four of your social security number, please?
May fourteenth nineteen seventy-one.
And social security number is one six eight four.
All right, Mr. Payton. Thank you for that information and then I see that you have the extra security on your account so If you could go ahead and verify the answer to this question what is the name or what is the make and model of your first car?
A nineteen seventy-four Vega.
Can you please give me the make of that car, Mr. Payton?
It's a Chevy.
Thank you so much, Mr. Payton for confirming that.
All right. Let me pull up your account here and that was. You said this was on your checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right and what was the date of that transaction?
September the twelfth of this year.
Nineteen or twenty twenty-one.
All right, Mr. Payton. I do see a few transactions on that date.
can you verify what the total was on that transaction?
Ninety-eight dollars and six cents.
All right, yes. I do see that transaction here.
it looks like it was a online purchase do you remember purchasing anything for around that amount on that day or it could been up to three to five days prior to that date.
I can't think of anything.
All right.
Has your card been in your possession, Mr. Payton?
Oh yeah been in my wallet.
OK and does anyone else possibly have access to your card or your account information online?
Not that I'm aware of.
OK. let me see here if I can see where this transaction was processed through. It looks like it's showing up under a company called American Woodworker. Does that happen to ring any bells?
Woodworking? No. I don't do woodworking so I won't have any need for that.
Somebody must have hacked in to my computer or something.
All right, Mr. Payton. Well, I can certainly escalate that if you would like to report it as a fraudulent transaction.
yeah, I would and I also need to find an ATM around close to me.
All right. Let me go ahead and get that escalated and mark as a fraudulent transaction so our investigations team can reach out to you.
And begin their process.
All right. I've got that take care of and they will begin their process and a temporary credit will be placed on your account for ninety-eight dollars and six cents.
OK. I appreciate it. But I need to find an ATM. I need some money.
All right, Mr. Payton. I can certainly help you with that. If you could provide me with your the address you are at for the location of where you would like to find an ATM nearby?
One sixty-two Wagon Drive Athens Georgia.
Three oh six oh five.
OK.
Mr. Payton, I see that there are a few branches or a few ATMs near to you. Would you just like the closest one or would you like me to list all of them for you?
Give me the closest one.
Absolutely. The closest one is going to be at six seventy-one Redwood Road in Athens Georgia.
OK.
That sounds great. That's not too far away from me about three miles.
All right and it does appear that one is one of our twenty-four seven ATMs so you can feel free to stop by there anytime of the day or night to access your account and access your funds.
All right. That sounds great.
Absolutely, Mr. Payton. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
no. you said you'll just put the money back into my checking account or my checking account.
yes, sir. There will be a temporary credit to your account pending the fraud investigation.
OK. That sounds great.
All right and is there anything I can help you with today, sir?
I don't think so.
All right. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank and you have a great day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Roger Delany. How may I help you?
This is Stanley Dunlop. And I've got a charge on my card that I don't believe it a. I don't believe it's a correct charge. I think it may be some fraud involved and I wanna report that and get it straightened out.
Thank you Mr. Dunlop, I can help you with that. First of all can you tell me is this a credit card transaction? Or is this something charged directly to your account?
This is a credit card.
A credit card transaction. OK. first of all let's verify some personal information. beginning with your first and last name.
Stanley S T A N L E Y Dunlop. D U N L O P.
Stanley Dunlop. Thank you Mr. Dunlop, and what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is December first nineteen sixty.
December first, nineteen sixty. OK. Thank you very much Mr. Dunlop. And what is the account number and credit card number?
OK. My credit card number is nine eight seven zero four eight five two. Two one three five one one seven seven.
Thank you Mr. Dunlop. That is nine eight seven zero four eight five two. Two one three five eleven seventy seven. And could I also have your drivers license number?
OK. It's a Montana drivers license. Four six six nine six two one.
Montana. Four six six nine six two one. OK. Thank you sir. I just have one more security question here in what town were you born?
I was born in Billings Montana.
Billings Montana. OK. That's the end of our verifying process. Thank you for your patience as we go through this for your security. And now if you could just give me the dollar amount and the date of the the transaction that you are disputing.
Oh OK. It was for a hundred and sixty-four dollars and it was last week. And now I mean I I don't remember exactly what day it was, is last week I think it was a. When I went to eat, I I went to eat at Chinese restaurant and you know how sometimes a Chinese restaurant they'll take your your credit card back into the kitchen and they was a long time bringing it back out. And they brought it back out from the kitchen. and that was. That was last week and I. Have you had something like that happen to you? I mean I I don't really know I I don't really like the idea of anybody taking my credit card back there. Does that. Does that happen to you?
I I understand your I understand your your I understand your feelings there Mr. Donlop and apologize for any inconvenience. I will need that dollar amount and the date of the transaction in order to proceed with the dispute.
OK. Hold me just a second a I I know it was last week and so let me see. Oh I know what a I I can on the notice I got is the the date. Oh OK. Hold on just a second. let me. Let me get it. I I got the note right over here.
No problem Mr. Dunlop.
It's right here and OK. yeah, there we go, there we go. Now the date on this is gonna be a June twenty fourth.
June twenty-fourth. OK and that is June twenty-fourth of twenty twenty-one.
That's correct.
OK and what is the dollar amount on that transaction?
It's one hundred and sixty-seven dollars.
One hundred and sixty-seven dollars. OK.
And the reason I'm. I'm disputing this
.
Is because first of all I don't recognize the company. It says Algamated Limited. I don't even know what a Algamated Limited is. And in the the second place I I never made any purchase for a hundred and sixty-seven dollars that I know of.
OK. Reason for the dispute then is nonrecognition of the third party in the transaction and also you don't recognize the dollar amount as one that you authorized to be spent.
That's correct.
OK then.
Have you ever been to Montana? It's a. We don't have many Chinese restaurants but it's a pretty country.
It's beautiful country, Montana, never been. but some day maybe I'll visit.
Well you'll enjoy it if you do.
I'm sure. I'm sure. Now Mr. Dunlop if I could just ask you a few questions. Has any one else had access to this account who could have made the transaction.
Well like I said that Chinese restaurant took it back in the kitchen and that's what. That's who I suspect. It was a. It was a. I forget the name of the Chinese restaurant. It's the only one in in, in Samuel Montana that I know of.
I see. OK then. Thank you for that information. and just to confirm that you. You don't recognize this transaction can you like this this this company that that that charged you for it.
No, it it said Algamated Limited. I don't even know what an Algamated Limited is.
And and the the the number of the the amount of the transaction that does not ring a bell with you either.
Right.
OK then.
Do you have a recurring membership or subscription fee that.
Oh no nothing like that. Not for a hundred sixty-seven dollars.
OK. Have you contacted the business? Have you contacted Algamated?
that I couldn't even get a phone number or nothing from them. That's just. I don't even know what it was. It's just Amalgamated Limited.
No
No phone number. OK Mr. Dunlop, well we've collected the dollar amount and the relevant transaction. We understand the reason for your dispute. and we have all the information necessary to move forward with the investigation. And that will be the the next step. so is there anything more that I can do for you today?
That'll be all, but you come and see us if you're ever in Montana.
OK. Thank you for using Intellibank.
Hi. My name is Emma Green. I called a few minutes ago. I think you were the one I talked to. Because I wanted to know the balance of my checking account.
right, Emma Green. Perfect. Thank you for calling back. I remember that call. Could you once again give me your date of birth please?
Yeah, sure. It's March twenty-first of nineteen ninety-eight.
Perfect. OK. I'm gonna go ahead and pull your account information right now. but in the meantime, do you happen to have your credit card on you?
No, I don't have it with me at the moment.
OK. do you have a drivers license that you could give me the number of instead?
Yeah, I do.
OK. Perfect. Go ahead and give me that whenever you're ready.
OK. That would be oh two five nine zero five two seven.
OK, perfect.
Just give me one second as I pull up the information on your account.
OK. By the way, this has nothing to do with this, but, do you happen to know anything about the Keto diet?
The Keto diet? you know, I actually have heard a little bit about that. My sister has been doing that diet for about ten years now. She says that it works great for her. Why do you ask?
Because I wanted to try it, but I'm not sure. I know it's a little bit more expensive than eating like normal food. But I think that will be helping me with my my body and to reduce the hospital visits.
yes. Well, unfortunately I'm not a professional on that but I could suggest maybe type it in on google. And I know that there's some great websites. That could really help you out with that.
And I just have a security question I'm going to ask you. It looks like you you set up a security question on your account.
what is the your mothers maiden name?
My mothers maidens name. That would be Smith.
perfect, your mothers maiden name is Smith, that's correct.
And, OK. I'm into your account now. Could you tell me which type of bank account you were calling again? About?
Yeah. I was calling for my savings account.
Perfect. And finally, I'm just gonna ask that you give me your savings account number. So that I can tell you the account balance in it.
OK. That would be four two five six seven eight two nine.
Perfect. OK, I'm in. It looks like your current account balance is fifty-two dollars and ninety cents.
And is there anything that I can help you with today Misses Green?
Yeah. I would I would also like to check my balance for my checking account.
Is that possible?
Yes. Of course. Just go ahead and give me your checking account number. And I can give you. Pull up that for you as well.
OK. That will be oh two zero five nine seven eight two nine.
Perfect. OK, it looks like you have an account balance available of twenty-one dollars and forty-two cents available.
On your checkings account as well.
is there anything else that I could help you with, Misses Green?
No. I think that will be all.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. And I hope you have a great day.
Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Shannon, how can I help you today?
Oh! Yes. Hi, my name is Beach. do you guys have any banking branch nearby? I called earlier today.
Yes, Mr. Beach. We do have some in the local area, I'll have to get your information to make sure that we actually have some that are close by you at this time.
OK.
All right. Mr. Beach, I need to know your street address.
Yes, my street address is one nineteen, East Main Street.
One nineteen, East Main Street?
Yes, ma'am.
And what city are you referring to?
Blytheville.
Could you spell that for me?
B L Y T H E V I L L E.
OK, Blytheville. could you give me the state?
that's Arkansas.
All right. So that is Blytheville, Arkansas you looking for?
Yes.
Close to nineteen nineteen East Main. Let me look that up for you, sir. Just give me one moment.
OK. Whoa! So what you have planned for this weekend?
Oh! Well, I just plan on working a little extra, you know, earning those hours and that income. My kids are gonna be going out of town soon. So, I really need to save up.
Hey, you can't go wrong by making money.
No, sure can't. What do you plan on doing this weekend, you got any plans?
not really, I'm just gonna muscle myself back in that yard and do some yard work.
Oh! I see that. I've been putting mine off for weeks now, so I might have to get onto that myself.
Have fun doing it.
that's never fun, sir. All right. So, I've located about five locations closeby. They're like within a mile of your address, did you want all five of those branch locations?
Oh, yes.
OK. That's funny how we have so many in that area. OK, that first one is at fourteen twenty-four Monroe Avenue.
OK. Fourteen twenty-four you said, Monroe?
Yes, sir. Monroe.
OK.
All right.
They're in Blytheville, Arkansas. The next one I have is about half a mile away. It's at fifteen sixty-nine Ponderosa Drive.
OK.
We have the next one, it is a mile away at eighteen sixty-nine Shelby Lane.
At eighteen sixty-nine. Eighteen sixty-five, you said?
Eighteen sixty-nine, sir.
sorry about that.
That's no problem. The next one I see listed is at four seven seven.
OK.
Elizabeth Road.
All right. Elizabeth Road. OK, that's four that's four seven seven?
Yes, sir. Four seven seven Elizabeth Road. That's with a Z.
with a Z.
And the last one I have listed is at nine nine five.
All right.
OK.
Conroy. C O N R O Y.
All right.
Road.
OK. And I have I have another question.
so, what about the branch hours are they open twenty-four hours or?
no, sir. Well actually, we do have one that's open for twenty-four hours. The branch itself isn't open. The branch actually closes at five but the lobby is open so that you could use the ATM. That is the one that's at Elizabeth Road.
OK. And the lobby is open twenty-four hours?
Yes, sir.
But the branch closes at five?
Five. Yes, sir. Every day at five p.m.
All right.
Five p.m.
the the branch actually opens at eight a.m.
OK.
Monday through Friday. All right?
All right. We got that.
And
The one on Monroe Avenue is open eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday.
All right.
Eight a.m. to three p.m. on Saturday.
OK.
And it's closed on Sunday.
Closed on Sunday, is that right?
OK. And looks like the one on Ponderosa Drive, Conroy Road, and Shelby Lane, they're all open eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Saturday and closed on Sunday.
OK, I got that.
All right.
All right, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh no, you helped me with everything, thank you very much.
Oh! Thank you too, Mr. Beach. Thank you for your time and patience again. My name is Shannon, if you need any help in the future, feel free to call and enjoy the rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jolene. How can I help you today?
Yeah, hey Jolene this is Reginald White.
Oh, hi Reginald. How can I help you?
Yeah, so anyways I was just calling previously.
Yes. I believe we spoke on the phone.
Yeah, I don't know. We got disconnected or something. Hey, you got an answer to that thing I asked you earlier about where the ATM was located?
yes.
Let me pull up my screen here real quick. Can I just please get the address one more time?
yeah, that's twelve thirteen Shell Street.
OK. looks like the closest ATM is about two.
Wait, wait.
Hold on a second.
Before you do that, sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. I need to know my account balance and the withdrawal limits for the day.
OK. Yep. Certainly, I can help you with that. the withdrawal limit is per day basis and it is up to two hundred dollars. And then just to check your account, I need to get some personal verifiable information from you. Can I please get your date of birth?
Yeah, that's June twelfth of eighty-nine.
Thank you. Can I please get your driver's license number?
Yeah, that's Oh, hold on a moment, I gotta look it up. Oh, here it is. Seventy-six three X X nine nine seven one.
OK. Thank you And can I please get the account number?
Yeah that is thirteen seventy-eight nine.
OK.
I'm showing a balance here in your checking account of, five hundred and eighty dollars even.
OK. What was the withdrawal limits?
It was two hundred dollars on a per day basis, max.
OK. So where was the nearest ATM again from my location?
certainly, yes. That was two miles away from your current location and it is on thirteen oh eight Larsen Boulevard.
OK. Yeah, that's fine. I can do that. That's within distance.
Would you also like the location of the nearest bank?
No, I'm OK on that.
All righty, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been good. Thank you.
OK. You have a great day now. Bye bye.
You, too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Lori, how may I help you?
Oh yes! Good afternoon darling. I was calling to see if you guys can update my personal information.
actually my street address in the system for me.
Absolutely I can do that for you. No problem ma'am and can I get your first and last name?
Sure. It's Melissa Joseph.
Thank you Ms. Joseph. And your date of birth?
February fourteenth, nineteen ninety-six.
Oh! Valentine's day baby, How exciting.
Yep! Always is something new every year.
All right and I just need to get an authenticating ID number, can I please have your account number?
Sure.
gimme thirty seconds, I will be right back. I have to get that information for you.
Not a problem.
Thank you.
OK, darling. I'm back. I do apologize about the wait. As I could not seem to find it.
I do have an account number that I wrote down. I am not sure if this is the correct one or if this is the number to my other account.
We can try this and see what happens.
Sure. Not a problem if not, we can always use a credit card number as well or a driver's license number.
OK. I do have those, I do have both of.
Sure. I'll hold for you to grab those information.
Sure. One sec.
All right. Once again I do apologize about that.
You know, when you got kids, everything is everywhere.
Oh, I.
I hear you. I have four boys myself, ma'am.
Wow! That's a lot. I only have two myself, one boy and one girl.
Oh! What a blessing.
sometimes. OK. So, my credit card number if you're ready.
I'm ready when you are.
It is, four three zero two one six two nine eight three zero zero four two six eight.
OK, that was four three zero two one four two nine eight three zero zero four two six eight?
No.
You you got most of it right. It was four three zero two one six, not four, one six two nine eight three zero zero four two six eight.
Oh! I do apologize for that Ms. Joseph.
Lemme go and repeat that to you. Excuse me.
Just getting over a cold here.
I'm so sorry hun, that sucks.
So that was four three zero two one six two nine eight three zero zero four two six eight?
Yes, ma'am. That was.
All right. I can verify your account with this information. No problem Ms. Joseph. Thank you very much for that.
So you said you would like to update your street address.
Yes.
Can you please give me your current street address that we have on file for you?
Sure. It is fifteen oh one, Northeast, thirty-fourth court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, three three three three four.
OK. I see that is the correct address that we do have on file for you. And may I please have the new address that we're updating to?
Sure.
It's fifty-four thirty Northwest forty-fourth avenue in Oakland Park, Florida, three three three zero nine.
And once again that is five four three zero, Northwest, forty-fourth avenue Oakland Park, Florida, three three three zero nine. Is that correct ma'am?
Yes.
OK, perfect. And would you like to update your email address with us as well?
I believe you do actually have my current one or I can double-check it though.
Sure. Go ahead with that information.
OK, it's Rosey. It's R O S E Y eleven twenty-nine at Gmail dot com.
And that was Rosey R O S E Y one one two nine at Gmail dot com?
Yes, ma'am. That's definitely it.
Perfect.
All right. And before I hang up with you ma'am, I just wanted to ask if you needed any information or assistance with our online banking.
Well actually, that would be great.
I believe I read somewhere in the paperwork that I got when I opened this account that instead of me having to call you guys to update my information, that I could do it online.
Absolutely, ma'am. If you just go online to our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com and input your personal information along with your accounting number, you can set up online banking at your earliest convenience and check balances, due bill pay, or update your information all that fun stuff.
All right. Well, Thank you for the information, I really appreciate it and I believe that's all that I need for today.
Well, Thank you very much for calling Intellibank. Again my name is Linda, you have a great day.
You too. Bye bye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mandy. How can I help you?
Hey Mandy. This is Miguel Johnson.
Hey Miguel. What can I do for you today?
Oh I need to check the available balance in my account.
OK. Certainly. I can definitely help you with that. Just give me one moment here to pull up my screen. OK. Can I please get your date of birth?
that's, June twelfth of nineteen eighty.
OK. Can I please get your driver's license number?
yeah, hold on. Let me get that out of my wallet. That's two oh three. X. X as in X-ray. Ninety four fifty eight.
Address?
Oh I live at eighty eight, Cactus Lane. , San Miguel, California. Nine two eight three.
OK. And it looks like you do have a security question here on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh that's Rose gold?
Yes. That does appear to be correct. OK. Let me check your balance here. Are you just wanting to know your checking account balance today?
for now.
OK. Looks like your balance is one thousand eight hundred twelve dollars and sixty five cents.
OK.
Is there anything I can help you with regarding your account specifically today?
yeah. I need to transfer some money to my grandmother.
OK. So you're looking to do a wire transfer then?
Oh yeah. That's what it is. Yes.
OK. I can definitely help you with that. So, we're looking to transfer from your checking account. Just to double check. That's correct?
Yes.
OK. And how much are you wanting to transfer?
two hundred and fifty dollars.
Two hundred and fifty. OK. And, is your grandmother in domebye bye, is she, domestic or is she international?
she's international.
OK. Now, just to let you know, there is an additional fee for wire transfers, that are international. That is a twenty five dollar fee.
What? Wait, twenty five dollars just to send the money?
Yes. That is correct.
That's awfully steep. Is there a, a cheaper way of doing this? That's faster, or, just some other way?
Unfortunately, I would recommend doing a wire transfer here through the banking institution. As it is a lot more secure than, trying to send international mail or money orders.
Well, she's sick so yeah, all right. I'll I'll I'll pay the money this time.
OK. do you have the routing number for the deposit?
yes. Hold on a second. Let me pull up that routing number for you. Yes. I have that right over here. I believe this is the correct one. Sorry, this is my first time doing this. The routing number. Is fifty three. Seventy nine. One oh seven. Nine nine oh one.
OK. do you have her deposit number, or her, I'm sorry. Her account number for her deposit?
Gobye bye, first the twenty five. All right. Hold on. Let me, pull that information up real quick. I can send her a text. OK. Yeah. I got it right here. Its fifty six. Seven nine. One oh four.
OK. Got that here for you. OK. And when are you wanting to send this?
Well, I need to send it today, obviously.
OK. I will get that scheduled to be sent today. And I have, a, amount to send of two hundred and fifty dollars. Plus the additional twenty-five dollar fee. To do this.
And will that be instantaneous?
Yes. It will.
OK.
You will need to provide her with a, verification number. So that she can double check to make sure.
All right. Let me get a pen.
OK. That number is, A one five seven. P P eight.
That's P P eight?
Yes. That's correct.
All right.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That'll be it.
OK. This'll be sent here and you can let your grandmother know to be expecting it.
All right. I will.
OK. If there's nothing else I can help you with today, you have a great day now.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joe.
How can I? Can I get your first and last name, please?
Hi. my name is Stephanie Garcia.
Hi. Hello, Ms. Garcia. How're you doing today?
I'm doing pretty great. How're you doing?
Now, I'm doing doing well. How can I help you. What brings you the pleasure of you calling here today?
so I've what I'm calling about basically is that I got a letter in the mail that said the rates are going to change and I wanted to see if I personally was going to be affected by this or is you know is it for everybody or what's the rate change going to be.
So the rate change that's a couple little different that has to do more with CDs and stuff like that interest rates. But we did decide to consolidate some of our checking accounts.
So over the last twenty years, we've had over ten different accounts that were actually active to Intellibank.
So we just decided, the Board of Directors, decided to just consolidate all those accounts to three easier ones. So it's just gonna be a A B and C account.
depending on what type of benefit or stuff you want in your account we'll decide which tier you wanna be in. So pretty much I can help you decide which you'll like that fits your needs either the A account, B account or C account and then you can decide we could talk about what ways fees and stuff like that.
Mm.
OK.
Excellent. Excellent. So let me get your account information up and running so I can best help you. Can I get your date of birth, please?
It's May twenty-first ninety-four.
Excellent. Excellent and then also either your account number or debit card number.
I have my account number. Hang on.
No problem. I'm right here.
OK so the account number is four seven nine zero six nine six two five four.
Excellent and then last question. What is the name of your pet?
My pet is Spotty.
Spotty. OK.
That's double P or one P?
S P O T T Y.
Oh, Spotty. OK. I thought you my bad that's that's my that's my my apologies.
That's OK.
excellent. So I'm getting the information pulled up as the system generates the info how's your day been?
My day is going pretty well. Thank you. Yeah. It's not too bad. Can't complain.
You got anything exciting you did today or have plans for the weekend?
The weekend? nothing really planned and today I haven't done really much. Today was just a lazy day. And I plan this weekend to be lazy as well.
That sounds fun. yeah. I'm planning on going to a football game this weekend actually.
Oh, that's awesome.
Is it a college football or NFL football?
both actually. I'm going to a college football game with one of my good friends and then on Sunday, me and my wife and him and his wife and some other people we'll gonna go to the Cardinal and the Forty-niner game in
Oh, awesome. Oh OK. NFL too. OK. So that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Both of them. So should be a fun weekend.
so it's look like the information did generate here. so I'll go over each step so you can best understand it and see which one fits your current situation.
OK.
so the A account is what we call A plus which is the super star account which means you earn interest on your checking account balance. So any balance you have in your checking account up to a hundred thousand you'll be given a point five percent interest rate on that money.
OK.
The only way and then so to qualify for that one you need to have direct deposit of one thousand dollars a month number two a transfer of one hundred dollars a month from checking to savings and number three using your debit card ten times or more.
OK.
so that's A one. Is that something you like you could do or what's your opinion about that?
what's the second one. Maybe I don't want to transfer a thousand dollars.
OK.
Excellent. No.
And a hundred
Dollars to savings account is a little too high right now. So maybe if there's a different price.
OK.
No problem.
That's why we have three solutions. One of the solutions will fit your needs. Guaranteed. Solution number two which is our B solution which is our junior superstar account. what that entails is though pretty much the difference between A and B is you don't qualify for the point five percent interest on your checking account balance but pretty much everything else is the same you need to use your debit card ten time or more per month.
The transfer instead of being a hundred dollars is actually fifty dollars from checking to savings and you qualify for everything that the A has minus the point five percent interest rate on the checking account. So you qualify for online banking.
You qualification for mobile application. You qualify for great auto loan rates with us. You qualify for IRA promotional rates.
All that stuff in one account.
is that something that might interest you or?
Yeah. I can definitely do the fifty dollars transfer to savings. So let's go ahead and just go with the second tier.
Awesome. Awesome. Well, I'm glad we. I can get this transfer over to you. So what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna do some switching over on my end everything else in your end will stay the same.
I'll set up the transfer for you and at the first of the amount that transfer will be transfer from checking to savings. So you don't have to worry about you doing it personally and just continue to do what you're doing with your debit card.
OK. That sounds great. So I'm definitely not going to be charged just from just checking to savings.
No.
As long as you meet those two requirements you will not be charged. If you don't there is a ten-dollar service fee. So just keep in mind just keep you you haven't you do over forty transactions in your debit card every month so you shouldn't have to worry about that I'm setting up the transfer now so you don't have to worry about that either.
OK.
OK. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for your help. I definitely can't wait until I get that new service.
Perfect. Thank you, Ms. Garcia. Enjoy the rest of your day. Bye bye.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. What can I do for you today?
Hi, I was trying to figure out how to create an account online, but I'm having some trouble.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be happy to help you create an online account.
Well, actually, the reason I called is to check the balance on my account. Could you help me with that?
Oh, I see. Sure. Let me pull up your account so I can check your balance. May I have your account number, please?
Sure. It's two one two three four five.
Thanks. And is this account a checking or savings?
Oh, it's checking.
Great. Before we continue, I need to verify some information for the security of your account. May I have your full name?
it's James Forest and my date of birth is March first, nineteen eighty-one. Just in case you need it.
Thanks for that. For your security question, what is the name of your first pet?
Solimon.
Thanks. One moment while I pull up your account.
OK. Yeah, once we finish here, I might go out for a walk. We got some nice weather out here today.
Yeah, we sure do. It's not very hot today. OK, so it looks like your checking account balance is currently one thousand one hundred twenty-five dollars. Do you have any other accounts you'd like to check?
No, just just the one.
OK. Would you be interested in learning more about online banking? It could help you check the balance on your account more easily.
Oh, yeah. how do you do that?
Well, the first thing you'll want to do is go to our site and click on open new account. Once your account is open, you can log in anytime to check the balance. It's pretty simple, actually.
Thanks so much. I'll be sure to look into that once I get back.
That's great. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help.
Sure thing. Thanks again for calling Intellibank.
Good afternoon and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Steven. How may I help you?
Yes. I need to Close my account and transfer the remaining funds to another account please.
OK. I can certainly help you with that. Let me get some personal information from you first. what's your first and last name?
my name is Crystal Humphrey.
OK Crystal. What is your date of birth?
Ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
Alright and what is your credit card number?
credit card number. hold on just a second. OK here it is. Four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
OK.
And for security purposes I'm gonna ask you your security question. And that security question is. What is the name of your first pet?
Oh. First pet. First pet.
That would have to be Old Shaggy.
Yeah. Shaggy.
All right. Let me ask you, what is the reason for closing your account today?
I just just don't need this specific account anymore we just don't use it.
You don't use it? OK well I'm so sorry to see you go. I will need a deposit account number. its gonna be an account number, and I'm gonna need a routing number as well so we can put the funds in that account for you. did you have a second question today?
Yeah. I want yeah secondly I need to know how to do this stuff online. If I can do that without having to call each time.
OK. Yeah we can help you with that online. your gonna go to Intellibank online dot com and your gonna download the app And then fill out the information it asks and then your gonna be able to do that all over the phone on your app.
OK. OK. That'll be much easier, more convenient.
OK that's great. So before we get started there's only one more piece of information I need from you and that's your account number. the account number that your looking to close.
Oh. Oh. I don't have that with me. I'm in the car I don't have that right now.
OK. Well we're gonna have to have it To get this switched over. So while your your looking for it I'll ask you for your other pieces of information and then then we'll get back to that. So what is the deposit account type? Is it a checking's or savings account that we are gonna put the money in?
it's a savings.
a savings account. OK All right. Well can you give me the routing number for that savings account?
Mhm.
I sure can. That one is zero one two. Four three seven. Zero zero one.
All right and what's the deposit account number?
OK and that is seven six five one two three four five six seven.
All right. All right so we got that information. We know where it's gonna go just be aware that this will take five to seven business days once we get your account information. for it to be transferred over to your new account. Those are five to seven business days. I know we have a holiday coming up so just you know be mindful of that. OK? Your account balance here shows that you have six hundred and fifty-seven dollars and thirty-seven cents in your account and that's exactly how much we'll be transferring over. there will be no fee. So we won't be charging you any. So you expect the full amount to be deposited in that five to seven business days. And I'm I'm I hate to see you go and I know that you've probably already made your decision, but is there any thing that Intellibank can do to keep you and open account with you?
OK, OK.
it's just those fees I don't like paying those fees every month just to keep it open it's just kind of a secondary account and having to pay the fees on it. It's ridiculous.
I'm so sorry to hear that I know those fees could be so troublesome, I am so sorry. Well we hate to see you go But we're so glad that you were a customer. OK do you have that account number for me now?
no. I don't. I'll have to get it later. I don't have it right now.
OK. Well that's unfortunate because here at Intellibank we need one hundred percent of the personal information required To transfer those funds to a new account. So we won't be able to help you today, without that account number.
OK. I do understand that. I do appreciate your help though.
OK. Well you're welcome to call back at anytime if you have that account number and we'll be happy to assist you.
OK. Thank you so much.
All right have a wonderful day.
You too.
Good morning. It's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
yes, this is John Meadows.
Hi Mr. Meadows. How can I help you today?
I'd like to update my address I believe when I opened the account I used the word Dogwood Road instead of oh excuse me. I used the word Dogwood Street. instead of Dogwood Road. when I set up my I used the word street instead of road when I set it up.
OK. Well let's go into your account and see what we've got here. can I please have your date of birth?
January fifteenth nineteen seventy-five.
Do you happen to have your account number on you?
I have my checking account number, yes.
OK.
Three seven two eight two nine. I think it's nine. Let me just double check that. Three seven two eight two nine. Yes.
Great. and let's see. Your security question. What is your first pet's name?
I love it that my beautiful cat Cleo. C L E O.
OK. Wonderful. Thank you Mr. Meadows. Let's go into your account here. All right. And can you please confirm what the correct street address is?
Yes seven five three Dogwood Road not Street.
OK.
In Phoenix Arizona. eight five oh oh three.
OK.
And my phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two.
Great. And what's the best email for you?
It's J D M E A D O W S. J D Meadows at Gmail dot com.
OK great! Well, it looks like we're all set.
the I have another problem I noticed a transaction that I have no clue what it is. I looked at the company. I've it's not it's not anything I purchased.
OK. Are we talking about your checking or your savings account?
I'm talking about my checking account.
OK. And what's the dollar amount of this?
It's three hundred and ninety-nine dollars even.
OK. And do you know what date?
Yes. it's on on it's August the sixteenth
OK.
Twenty twenty-one.
And you're saying that you're disputing it because you don't recognize the charge.
Yes. I have no clue what that the the company. I don't I didn't buy anything for three ninety-nine. I don't I don't recognize the company. So I would very much like to dispute that transaction.
OK. Yes. It looks here as though the company's name is Master Air.
Yeah. I have I have I don't know what it is.
Does does anyone else have access to your account who could've made this?
No, I'm the I have I got the only card that's in my wallet and I have no recognition I can't recognize the company and there's no recollection of any three ninety-nine for anything.
OK. Did you happen to try contacting them?
they have no listing.
OK. Give me a moment here. in order to create a dispute and ensure that your account isn't being used fraudulently we're going to have to lock the card.
And what do I do? Do you send me another new card? Or how does that work?
Yes. So we can send you a new card it will come within five to seven days. Or you can come into the local branch and we can create one for you on the spot.
Oh That'll be fine. why don't you send me the send me a new card. Could you give me the balance on that card?
Sure. So the current balance on that account is five thousand two hundred fifty-one dollars and sixty-nine cents. give me one moment while I type up this dispute report for you.
OK. The are you into baseball?
No, I'm sorry. My husband is but I'm not.
The the reason I ask is my my favorite team the Giants they're playing the Arizona Diamondbacks tonight. So I'll be I'll be watching the game.
well I hope they do well for you.
Thank you. OK. I have your dispute report confirmed we have locked your card. I have set up mailing your new card. It will go out in the morning. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
the I I think I'm OK. I Could you I I I assume it's self explanatory but I would like to be able to do all of this online. how do I? If you could just walk me through that.
Sure. So you simply have to go to our bank's website it's Intellibank dot com that's I N T E L L I B A N K dot com. and on the homepage you'll see a big green button that says register. So click that and it will ask you information to confirm and then once you're in give it twenty-four hours and then you can log in and you'll be able to see all of your transactions. you can actually click on a transaction and dispute it. you can send us an email you can chat with us immediately and you can also download your statements.
that's great that sounds pretty simple. So after I hang up here I'll go and create I guess will be my new online access.
That will be great. And then if you have any questions you can always call us.
Okey-dokey, that'll do it then.
OK well thank you so much for calling Mr. Meadows. Again this is Cindy and I hope you have a great day.
Thank you very much. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Susan. How can I help you today?
Man. Oh, what a day. Started off OK but by lunch I wasn't. Knew I was gonna have problems when I got my credit card statement.
In the mail.
I have some weird charges on there I never made. Not good.
So sorry to hear that. Let's see what we can do about that. what's your name sir?
Alan Peterson. P E P E T E R S O N.
Can I get your date of birth and the card number associated with the account changes you are charges you are disputing?
My date of birth is July second nineteen fifty.
I'll have to go get my credit card. Hold on if you will.
No problem, sir.
OK. I I I have it now. It it's four four eight five seven seven five zero, one two four eight.
It's my debit card for this account.
I have it here. so it's not lost at least.
Can you give the last four digits of your social security number please?
Yeah sure it's five six four eight.
OK. Great. so which charges are you disputing today?
Well, the two charges that are on August twelfth, one is for sixty eight dollars that one's for Landries Rest.
I have no idea what that is. And the second one it is for four hundred and eight dollars and twelve cents. For Kik for loss dot com.
That's K I K for L O S S dot com. No idea what that is either. That's all.
So all the other charges are correct and undisputed by you, is that correct?
Yes ma'am. All the rest are fine.
Just those two. I can't figure it how they got on there. I still have my card and all.
Does anyone else have access to your card or permission to use it besides you?
No way. Just me.
OK. Well we will take the disputed charges off your account for now and pending results of the investigation, we will let you know whether or not the charges will remain permanently removed within sixty days.
Also we will need to set up a security question for you for your account to protect you in the future.
what we would like to use is maybe your mothers maiden name?
OK.
So it'll be about sixty days before they tell me if the charges will really stay off?
I sure hope there's no problem. Or I'm going to be well I'm not gonna be very happy. I sure didn't make these charges. You can put down my mothers maiden name. It's Lindsay.
Is that L I. Lindsey. L I N D S E Y?
No. It's L I N D S A Y.
Oh OK great. OK. I made a note of it on your account. I am sure if the charges are fraudulent they'll keep them off of you're account, so I wouldn't worry.
we will be sending out a new debit card to replace the one you have now. that's been compromised. Do not use it further. And don't forget to notify any recurring charges you may have on that account. That it is no longer in use.
your new card should arrive in within ten business days.
Ten business days. OK. I guess I'll have to use checks until then.
Well, there is one other option. You can also go inside and make a case with A cash withdrawal from the bank tellers if you need to.
well. it's been a while since I went inside. But that's fine.
I guess. No choice, really.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Peterson?
I don't guess so. Glad that's taken care of. Still don't know how it happened.
Sometimes it's hard to know. These are there's a lot of vulnerabilities these days with credit cards. And they can cause problems for the good guys unfortunately.
In any case, hopefully you won't have any more issues. So, you have no other concerns I can help you with today?
Not at this time.
Then have a lovely day, and thanks for calling Intellibank.
Hi this is Olivia Reynolds from Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi this is Bren Johnson I have a a checking account with y'all also savings account but I'm talking calling the savings the checking account. I have lost my debit card. I was I am hiking with my family. We're out in New Mexico. just notice like I had set up with y'all that I'd be out of the home state for a week but I'm hiking in New Mexico and I know it's I lost it, it wouldn't of should've of been stolen I I've been we been camping haven't been around enough people I haven't used it for the gas or anything so yeah I I lost it somewhere out here there there's no way I'm finding it.
All right so would you like to report it lost and get that canceled, I can also issue you a new one.
Yes definitely definitely please please do that I yeah so I don't have the account number I I can give you. I can already give you my driver's license number.
All right. first could I please get your name and date of birth.
Yeah yeah sorry once again once again name Bren Johnson my date of birth January second nineteen ninety-seven.
All right could I get your drivers license number please.
Yes yes it's one two nine eight six seven four four two.
All right and what is your mothers maiden name.
Her her maiden name is Like.
All right and could I get your credit card number please.
I I don't have that memorized I it's lost and I do not have it memorized, I can go ahead I do have the account number written down I can go ahead and give you that. the account number is gonna be is two two seven one three five eight five three and yeah.
yeah lost lost it hiking it's me and my and my folks I'm here with two cousins and my parents and my uncle Ed and sorry I you you don't really need that I'm gonna give you my address.
it is it's gonna be five thirteen Washington Drive Magnolia Mississippi.
All right and what was the date you of lost when when when when did you lose your card?
We got here yesterday so it could've been yesterday it could've been today, so I'm gonna say a between ya ya know September twenty-six September twenty-seven it was either yesterday or today.
All right and what was your the most recent transaction on that card.
Most recent transaction would've been three days ago I got I got snacks at the at the hotel in Texas and I know I had it with me when we left. I know I had it with me before we set out hiking and camping so I know it was lost here in the wilderness , I'll just wait for a for a for a groundhog to bring it back to me.
All right and so I've canceled your card and I'm sending you a new one what's the address you'd like this new card sent to again please?
Did I give it to you?
Yeah didn't I give you the address.
You did but I I didn't put it into the computer. I'm sorry could you please tell me your address again.
Yeah yeah it's no problem it gonna be five thirteen Washington Avenue. Magnolia Mississippi.
All right.
Did you get that then?
yes sir.
OK OK good.
your you will receive your new card in two to three weeks. and you can activate it using our the Intellibank website is there anything else I can do for you today?
It's y'all y'all canceling the canceling sorry y'all are canceling the one I lost right because someone might find someone might find it.
Yes sir that that your card has been canceled and I'm sending you a new one now.
Is it going to if have the same is it going to be the same card number and everything or.
No is there's there's going to be a new number on there.
right that's that's obvious right makes sense sorry yeah I that's all I that's all need today. Thank you. It's a lot thank you for helping me through that.
All right have a good day.
You too thank you.
Good afternoon and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Scott. How may I help you?
there's. I have money taken of my account that I didn't that I did not do.
Oh my. Well, I can certainly help you with that.
to get started. I'm gonna ask you some personal information and get your account pulled up and see what we can do to help you. OK?
OK. Thanks.
All right. What is your first and last name?
Crystal Humphrey.
OK, Crystal. Hello and thank you. What is your date of birth?
ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
All right.
Can you give me your credit card number associated with your account?
Sure. It is four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
OK.
Now, I'm gonna ask you your security question for your account and that security question is what is the name of your first pet.
That would have to be Shaggy.
All right.
All right, Crystal, we got you logged in here. what is the account number associated with the account that had a transaction on it?
OK. That's a main account. That was two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
OK. Thank you so much for all the information.
what was the dollar amount that you are disputing on the account?
it's for a hundred and fifty dollars.
OK is that a hundred and fifty dollars even. There's no cents to that?
No. There's no cents to that at all. Just one fifteen.
OK. Do you happen to know the date of the transaction?
it looks like it was September fifth?
September fifth for a hundred and fifty dollars. OK. OK. Why are you disputing this transaction?
Yes.
Oh cuz I did not make it.
OK. Are you the only one on this account, Ms. Crystal?
Yes. I am.
OK and no one else has access to the account that could have made this transaction?
No.
Not at all.
OK. do you recognize the business name associated with this transaction for a hundred and fifty dollars?
No. It's something I've never seen before.
OK. it says here it's for Apple Music.
Does that not something that you have a subscription with?
no, I do not. The only subscriptions that come out are internet and home phone. I don't have any other subscriptions than that.
OK so no regular memberships or subscription fees. OK.
No.
have you contacted the business? Have you contacted the Apple Music about this transaction?
yeah. I tried calling them before I called you but no one's available and I've already tried a few times.
I just I can't get anyone to even answer.
No one will answer. OK. I'm so sorry to hear that.
so we're gonna do some. The next steps that we'll take here in Intellibank is we're gonna open up an investigation on this transaction for you.
OK is that gonna take very long?
OK.
it depends, you know. It can take seven to thirty-five business days.
Oh wow.
OK and we're gonna do a thorough investigation on this transaction.
Oh what we'll do in the meantime is we're gonna go ahead and lock this account. So we're gonna lock this card and protect you again against any further fraudulent transactions.
We don't wanna see anymore money taken out of this account. Is that gonna be OK?
Yes. That'll be. That's fine.
Sure.
OK. So what we can do is we can transfer money over to another account, if you'd like while this investigation takes place and your account is locked so you have so you still have some funds. Would you like to do that?
Yes. That would be great.
OK. So do you have a account that you'd like to put this the remaining funds in?
I have a savings. I don't have another checking.
Can I do that?
Yes. Absolutely.
OK.
We can move it over to your savings account number. Do you have the savings account number handy?
I sure do. It is seven six five one two three four five six seven.
OK.
And what we'll do is we'll move those remaining funds over to that savings account so you can pull the funds out now while we do our investigation.
OK thank you. That sounds great.
Will I get a notice about the as the investigation is going on?
Yes, you will. You'll get a notice via email right away to let you know that the investigation is open and then you will receive a letter in the mail when the investigation is closed.
OK great and can you just tell me now what the balance is in the in the savings since we just transferred that.
Yes. you'll have three hundred and forty dollars and fifty-five cents left in that account.
OK.
Perfect. Thank you.
You're so welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no. That's it.
All right. Well you have a wonderful day.
OK. Bye bye.
Hello, my name's Alexander. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
I'm John Andrews. I'm having an issue accessing my account. I can't make transfer. I can't do nothing. I don't know what's going on.
OK sir sorry for the inconveniences sir. please what's your account number?
Four three nine six four.
OK.
Five seven zero nine one.
OK sir what's your date of birth?
Ten of March nineteen eighty-six.
OK what type of bank account is that?
Checking account.
OK I'll have a look quick sir. Oh sorry sir your account have been frozen due to a large sum of money entering the account. You surpassed your limit sir. Did you receive any like major fund recently?
Oh yeah I did. I got some money from my uncle.
OK sir I'm sorry to hear this sir but he has to come to the bank so that we can help you rectify the issue. Is that OK with you sir?
No problem .
OK sir do have a nice day. Thank you for contacting Intellibank.
Alright thank you.
Bye sir.
Bye.
Hello, this is Brooke from Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, this is Peter Smith. I'm calling. I need to close one of my account.
OK. could you please spell you name, sir?
Peter. P E T E R.
And your last name, sir?
S M I T H.
Thank you. Could you please verify the last four digit of your social security number?
It is six one one zero.
Thank you. And you said that you need help with closing your account, is that correct?
yes, that is correct.
Oh I am sorry to hear that, sir. may I ask you why you want to close your account?
I'm moving.
Oh, well that must be great.
Yup, I'm getting out of this hell hole.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. where are you moving to?
Anaconda, Montana.
Oh, wow. That must be either cold or pretty. I've never been to Montana. But I'm happy for you, sir. OK, before we continue, which which account would you like to close, sir?
my checking account.
OK could you please verify the address of this account?
P O Box five four nine eight seven Reno, Nevada. Nine one one zero one.
OK, so.
OK. Just to confirm, that is a P O Box. Five four nine eight seven.
Correct.
And that is at Reno, as a R E N O, Nevada. Nine one one zero one. Is that correct?
Correct.
Thank you.
OK, it's just gonna take just a moment. are you are you all ready ready to pack and move?
No, I, you know, that's all. The moving company was supposed to be here and move, and they're not here yet. The nothing's going right. And so I'm hoping that this will go right.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. OK, could you please give me your credit card number?
Credit card number? Why do you need my credit card number?
so I can verify the account. Or could you provide. Do you have your drivers license on you?
hold on for a second, I have to go get my wallet.
OK, thank you sir.
OK, my my debit card number is six four one one, one two one two three two one two eight seven nine zero.
OK, so I'm just gonna confirm that that was six four one one one two one two three two one two, eight seven nine zero. Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK, thank you. Thank you, sir. OK, so you would like to close this account completely?
My checking account.
OK, so we're just closing it. What are we going to do with the the amount of money in it.
I need it transferred to my new checking account.
OK, and where is that going to be?
that's going to Anaconda Credit Union.
Anaconda Credit Union. OK. I. I will need the address of the the bank branch, please? Do you have that?
the bank branch is at four fifty Main Street.
Anda. Anaconda, Montana.
Could you please spell Anaconda, please.
A N A C O N D A.
Montana. M T.
OK.
Thank you.
Is the state abbreviation. And it's one nine zero eight three.
One nine zero eight three. Thank you. OK, I'm going to need the routing number for that account.
the routing number is two three one four five five, one two two.
OK, just a moment. It's going to take me just a moment to fill that in, so could you please hold on?
Sure.
Thank you. I will be right back.
Hello, are you there?
Yes, sir, thank you for your patience.
I I just want to make sure that you're not going to close down my Intel Bank credit card.
Oh, I'm sorry, do you mean Intellibank, as I N T E L L I bank?
Yeah.
Yeah. Intellibank. Yeah, that's what I meant. Thanks.
OK.
But I wanted to make sure you're not closing down my credit card. Just the checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct, sir. I will make sure that we leave this as still active. OK, what amount would you. Do you do you. Since we're closing, I just want to confirm that you want the whole amount transferred?
Yes, please.
OK, thank you. The routing number, sir, just confirm that it is two three one four five five one two two?
Correct.
And the account number that it's going into is nine one zero two one three five seven?
Correct.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, I think that's about it.
Well, I hope that your move. Yes.
How long will this take
to transfer? When will this be in. When will the account be closed, and when will it be transferred?
I.
I would say give it between twenty-four to forty-eight hours, for sure. All Right. It could be earlier, but just to make sure at least allowed some some time on it.
OK.
OK.
well if there's nothing else that you need, sir, I. I wish you a smoother move, and thank you for being a client to our Intellibank.
All right. Thank you very much.
Thank you. You have a great day, sir.
All right.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sandra. How may I assist you today?
Hello. I got this notice in the mail regarding problem with my account. And not quite understanding what it's what it's for and just wondering if you can help me with it and any info would be great.
Yes I can help you. Let me go ahead and call up my screen and will take a look at the account in question and I'll see if there are any notes in there. I'll need to get some information. First of all your first and last name please.
OK. It's Bradley Keller and that's spelled B R A D L E Y and the last name is K E L L E R.
Thank you Bradley. Do you prefer Bradley or do you prefer Brad?
I prefer Brad.
Fantastic. also now I need your date of birth please.
OK. I was born on February second. Nineteen sixty.
And the last four of your social security please.
OK last four eight zero six four.
And I do have a security question that would need to be answered.
What is the name of your first pet?
Name is Bruno.
OK. I'm gonna go ahead and enter into my next screen. It looks all good.
Do you happen to have the account number in question on your form?
Oh I don't have it right here it's in the next room hold on a second and let me go get it OK.
No problem I'll be happy to wait.
OK see. It is my checking yeah my account number is six six zero zero one nine six zero.
OK. aha OK. I think I see what we have going on here Brad. Your current this is a business checking account and your current balance is fifty-five dollars and twenty-six cents and they fees are starting to be excess because you are below the minimum threshold of five hundred dollars I can reverse that fee out. It was ten it's a be ten dollars a month to sixty-five twenty-six I guess the best thing to do it. Are you still using the account?
Oh no I I sold my business months ago. I thought this account had been closed.
I see. No, it hasn't been closed and I think that's why you got the letter cuz we generate we generally send them out right away cuz we don't want our customers to incur extensive charges. my recommendation if you haven't been in your business is to go ahead and close that account. Could we do that for you today?
yes please. I really appreciate it. it's a possibility of maybe transferring it to another account.
Yes, we can do that for you. I would need to know the deposit account. Number that you want that to go to.
OK I have it in another bank. Do you by chance also need the routing number?
Yes. Actually I was gonna ask you that next so please I'm ready to copy.
OK. The routing number is two five zero no correction correction two six zero one six zero four five one.
So I wanna verify that you are having this sent to Harbor Bank.
That is correct.
And may I have the account number that you like that to go into please?
OK. The account number is five six one zero one seven four zero.
OK.
I'm waiting now to just see when I can expect the transaction and the closure of the account will occur. OK it looks like it went through so you should expect a notification via your email that you gave us which was B K. That's bravo Kappa. Nineteen sixty at array A R R A Y dot com.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK you should look for that in about twenty-four hours. Is there any other information you like to ask me today. Do would you like some information? I notice that you still have a savings account with us? Would you like some information on online banking?
yes please. It would be nice if I can check balance and and otherwise do other things without having to call up every time.
Online banking is the way to go. let me go ahead and I will send you a link to that email. It will come in separately and then you can go over and find out. It'll let you click right on and get into our app if you have a mobile phone as well.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's it. I appreciate your help on this and figuring out what kinda scared me when I get a notice and so Thank you very much.
No problem. It was my pleasure Brad. You have a nice day.
OK, thank you. You too. Bye Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How may I help you today?
yes. I need to check my Intellibank checking account balance.
All right. Did you mean your Intellibank checking account?
Yes.
All right. I can certainly help you with that. Can I go ahead and get your first and last name please? And your date of birth?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And my date of birth is May twelfth, nineteen sixty.
All right. Thank you sir. And can I get the last four of your social security number?
Eight zero one one.
All right. Thank you. And can I get the account number that you were wanting to check today?
OK. let me, let me look it up.
All right sir. Take your time.
OK. I've got it. It is seven three zero. Six nine five. Six eight two nine.
All right sir. That's seven three zero. Six nine five. Six eight two nine. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right sir. Thank you. And then just a security question to verify your identity. what was the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
All right. Thank you Mr. Thomas. I've got that information pulled up for you. And can I go ahead and have you just verify your email address for me?
D Thomas at A B C dot com. That is D T H O M A S at A B C dot com.
All right sir. That's D as in David. T as in Tom. H as in hotel. O as in Oscar. M as in Mary. A as in Adam. S as in Sam. At A as in Adam. B as in blue. C as in Charles, dot com? Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. Thank you for verifying me, verifying that for me sir. Now I've got your account up here and you just wanted to know the balance on your checking account?
Yes sir.
Absolutely. I see that you have an available balance today of two hundred and ninety three dollars and fourteen cents.
OK. OK. You been having pretty good weather where you're at?
Yes sir. Pretty good. it's, it's been a little on the warmer side than usual. But its not been too bad.
Oh that's good.
All right sir. And can I interest you in setting up your online banking option today? So that you can check your account balance at your leisure in the future?
yes. that might be a good option for me.
All right. I can certainly do that. Let me pull that screen up here. All right, sir. I've already had you verify your email address for me. So I'll, is that the email address that you'd like to use the log in with?
yes. And I would just go to your banking website. And there's the log on there. Is that correct?
Yes sir. If you'll just go to Intellibank dot com, there will be a, a log in option there on the front page.
OK. and you're gonna give me a username and password?
Yes sir. I have got your username here, unless you would like to provide me with one of your own. And then I will give you a temporary password that it will prompt you to change when you first log in.
OK. how about D Thomas, one two three, as a username.
Certainly sir. I can put that in for you. D Thomas T H O M A S. And the numbers one two three. Correct?
That is correct.
All right. I've got that as your username. And I've got your temporary password generated. If you're ready for that?
OK. give me just a second. Let me grab something to write with.
Absolutely. No problem.
OK. I'm ready.
All right sir. Your temporary password is going to be capital E B L two six five.
OK. I've got that written down.
All right sir. And again, it will prompt you to create your own password after your first log in. And would you like to go ahead up and, go ahead and setup the two factor authentication on the account?
I don't believe so.
All right sir. Well, if you ever decide that you'd like to put that on, you can go into the settings on your account. And it will walk you through setting it up to text a code to an email or phone number of your choice.
OK. That sounds great.
All right sir. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can't think of anything.
OK. Well, if you'll just hold on the line for me, there will be a brief survey to let us know how we did today. And how we can help you better in the future. And if there's nothing else I'll let you enjoy the rest of your evening.
OK. You have one, a good one as well.
Thank you sir. Good evening.
Good afternoon. This is Steven at Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hi, I'm calling to get my account balance.
OK. I can help you with that. I'll just need some information from you first. to start, can I have your full name and your date of birth?
Yep. Bernadette Sampson. B E R N A D E T T E, Sampson. S A M P S O N. People always get my last name wrong. my date of birth is August eighth, nineteen eighty-seven.
OK. Thank you, Missus Sampson. Yeah, I I can appreciate that. Nobody spells my last name right either. Now I need to get an authenticate to authenticate the account. Are you calling about a checking account or a savings account?
I'm calling about a checking account.
OK. If you could give me the account number for that account?
Six zero three eight, oh two three zero seven.
OK. And we have a identifying word that we've got on file. Can you tell me your favorite town in Pennsylvania?
I think that's Altoona.
Altoona. Excellent. OK. That matches. And you've already told me this is a checking account, and I have the account number. Your balance on that account is one thousand twenty-four dollars and eighty-two cents.
What? Say that again?
One thousand twenty-four dollars and eighty-two cents.
Huh. I thought I would've had more. OK.
OK. would you like to check the the balance in your savings account as well while we're right here?
Sure, that'd be good.
OK. And I'll need the account number for that account.
Hang on. I've got to look up my savings account. I don't remember that one.
OK.
let me look. OK. I got it. It's eight oh two six zero three, three oh seven.
Eight oh two, six zero three, three zero seven. And that's the savings account. All right. I show in that account that you've got fourteen thousand three hundred and twenty-five Fourteen thousand, three hundred and twenty-five dollars and eighty-two cents.
Correct.
Oh, that's a better number.
OK. All right. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
we were thinking of taking a trip out to Winslow, Arizona. And I had heard that you guys have some kind of card. A travel card that you can put money on so that you don't have to use your own credit card. And so, it saves less chance of fraud.
That's exactly right. It's actually called our travelers card, and you can preload it like a debit card, and use it just like a credit card. There's actually a Mastercard logo on it. So it looks just like a regular credit card, but is protected more than a regular credit card. So if somebody steals it, we will cancel it, and you will not be charged for any fraudulent transactions on that card.
So if there is any balance on the card after, if it's gets stolen, will that automatically transfer over to a new traveler traveler card?
That's correct. We will re-issue it and and send it to you overnight because we realize you'll probably be using that travelers card while you're on a vacation or someplace, and you'll need access to those funds immediately. So we do make that allowance for shipping overnight.
That's wicked cool.
.
So, Winslow Have you ever been to Winslow, Arizona?
I have not, but I have heard of it. That's where you're traveling to.
Yeah. You know that song Eagles, the Eagles have driving down the road? Trying to loosen my load.
Standing on the.
Corner in Winslow, Arizona. Yes, I'm familiar with the song.
That's where I'm going.
Yes.
Oh, very nice. You should enjoy seeing that. I believe they've got a park that has a statue and a Flatbed Ford sitting in front of it.
Yeah, I saw a picture of that Flatbed Ford. I can't wait to hop in that and take a picture. That'd be pretty cool.
That'd be a neat picture to have. So, Missus Missus Sampson, is there anything else that I can do to help you today?
So what did you say was my balance for my checking account? I got I've got my son's birthday coming up. I need to get him a birthday present, but I wanna make sure I don't overspend my account.
OK.
I understand and that account number again was six oh three, eight oh two, three oh seven. That was your checking account?
Yes.
And your balance on that account is one thousand twenty-four dollars and eighty-two cents.
One thousand twenty-four dollars and eighty-two cents.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
Yeah, he's
Looking forward to a laptop. It cost like seven hundred and something dollars.
A lot different than when we were kids, isn't it.
Yeah, considering they didn't have laptops back then.
Yeah.
Right. He should be very happy to get a present like that, but yes, you do have the funds in there to cover that.
All right. So when I wanna do the travelers card, can I have that taken out of my savings account instead of my checking account?
Is there anything else you can?
You can. You can fund that card any way that you like. In fact, you can even set it up online so you can transfer funds from one account, right directly onto that traveler's card. So if you if you a purchase along the way that there may not be enough funds you can go ahead and fill that card so that you'll be able to purchase whatever you'd like.
Huh. Now how. I don't have access to to that kind of thing online. Can we talk about how to make that happen?
Yes, we can. in fact, I'll transfer you over to the new accounts division and you can talk a representative there and they can set you up with a brand new traveler's card or answer any questions that you have about the traveler's card.
OK. That's great. Thank you, Steven. You've been very helpful.
OK. You have a great day, and I hope you enjoy your trip to Winslow, Arizona. All right. Take care. Bye bye.
Me too.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jessica. How may I assist you?
Hi Jessica. I was hoping you could help me with something.
Sure, I'd be happy to help. What can I do for you?
my sister needs some cash in her account.
Oh, sure. I would be happy to help you transfer some funds to your sister's account.
Great, thank you.
Absolutely. So first, may I please have your full name?
Yes, it's Jamie Chapman. And that's C as in Charlie, H A P M A N.
OK, Miss Chapman. And may I also have your date of birth, please?
Yeah. It is September seventeenth nineteen eighty-one.
Thank you Miss Chapman.
Yeah, no problem.
OK, let's see. For verification purposes, can you please provide the last four digits of your social?
Yes. it is one three five five.
Thank you.
And Miss Chapman, can you please provide the account number out of which you'd like to transfer the funds?
Yeah, give me just a moment. I should've had that ready.
Sure.
Oh, OK. It is one five five two three four six eight zero.
Thank you Miss Chapman. Bear with me just a moment while I bring your account up.
Yeah, no problem.
OK, and I do have your account details here in front of me. So it looks like you do have a security question on the account. Do you know the answer to that security question?
I can't remember what the security question is. But I would think maybe like Tinkerbell or Richards?
it wasn't either of those. I think it might be a street name?
Oh, oh, oh, oh. OK. Meadows Drive? Try that.
That's it, thank you. OK, so. You would like to transfer some funds from your checking account to your sister's account?
yes, ma'am.
OK, and does your sister bank with Intellibank?
She does, actually.
Great, and what is your sister's account number?
hang on I have that written down. It it is seven seven eight one zero five six one zero.
OK, thank you.
Apologies, my computer is very slow this morning.
Oh, no problem. I work on computers at work. I know how it goes.
Right. Let's see here. OK and can you please verify your sister's name?
yes, it's Cameron Thurston. And that's T as in Tom, H U R S T O N.
Thank you. OK, and how much would you like to transfer to Cameron's account?
I'd like to move two hundred and fifty dollars.
OK. Hold on just a moment here. Let me get that transfer initiated for you.
OK, we are all set, Miss Chapman. That transfer was successfully initiated. Those funds should be available to Miss Thurston immediately. Was there anything else I could do for you, Miss Chapman?
yeah, actually, I did have one other question.
Sure.
I've been wanting to set up online banking, but every time I try to register my account, it just doesn't work.
I see, I'm sorry to hear that. so have you been able to log in to online banking at all?
No, I haven't even registered. I. I don't. I don't think I. I've tried, but I can't seem to make an account.
OK, what is the message you get? The error message?
I don't remember. I think it just keeps, like, reloading the registration page. But I can't get past that page. So it's like I click, and it starts over again.
I see. Well, I'm sorry. Let me look into one thing here.
Yeah, no problem.
OK, it looks like you do have an online banking account set up with us.
Oh, I do?
Yes, it shows you registered for the account on November first.
Oh, I. I guess it actually went through.
OK, so have you tried logging in rather than registering again?
no, but I will. do you think I could try right now while I have you on the phone, in case I have a problem?
Oh, sure.
OK, let me put you on speaker so I can try to log in to that app.
Sure.
Take your time.
OK, all right, I am trying that right now. OK, so it says invalid login information. Maybe I used a different user ID or password. Are. I don't know. Are you able to help me with this?
Let's see. I can tell you your username appears to be an email address, and I'm not able to disclose your password. But I can send a password reset link to your email, so you can choose a new password.
Oh, that would be great. Thank you so much for your help.
Sure, of course. OK, so the email we have on file is Mama Mia four one four at Gmail dot com. Is that the email you'd like me to send it to?
no, if possible, could I update my email with you? That's an old one.
Oh, certainly. What is your new email address?
It is M I S S J C one two three at Gmail dot com.
Got it, thank you. OK, I'm sending you that password reset link right now.
OK, awesome.
Absolutely. And if you have any further difficulty accessing your account online, I can give you a number to call for our technical department.
Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
Sure, would you like to take that number down now?
Yeah, I actually still have my pen and paper. I'm ready.
OK, that number is eight eight eight, seven eight one, six two three one.
Awesome, got it.
You're very welcome, Miss Chapman. Was there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's. That's fabulous. Thank you so much for your help.
All right. Well thank you for being a valued Intellibank customer. We appreciate your business. You have a wonderful afternoon.
Thank you, you as well.
Bye bye.
Mm, bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jenny.
Hi Jenny. my name is Gladys Johnson.
Hello Gladys.
And I have some account at your bank. And what I need to do is to transfer some money from my checking account to my savings account. Can we do that on the phone?
We can. I'd be happy to help you with that. so lets see. To get started I'm going to need to confirm your birthday please.
OK. My birthday is six one fifty-seven.
OK. And lets see. And and your four digit PIN code please.
I think lets see. Is that the one? Oh. That must be zero nine one nine.
OK. Perfect. And lets see. And just to verify you who you are again, the name of your favorite film please.
The Red Shoes.
OK. Great.
That was such a good, old film. I loved it.
I've never seen it. What was it about?
Oh it's about ballet. You should see it.
Oh. Well I will for sure. I'll keep an eye out for it. OK. And then you said we were transferring funds for you today. Is that correct?
OK.
Yes. That's correct. From my checking account to my savings account.
OK.
And the account number, please?
zero seven one three.
Mhm.
Six six zero.
OK. One minute while I pull that up. OK Gladys. That doesn't seem to be pulling anything up. Are we sure we have the number right?
Oh let me try again.
OK.
Zero seven.
Zero seven.
One three.
One three.
Six zero six.
six zero six. All right. OK. That does pull up your checking account. And lets see. What account are we going to be transferring into?
Yes.
To my savings account.
OK. And that account number please.
that would be almost the same. That would be zero seven one three.
Mhm.
mhm
Six zero six zero.
Six zero six zero. OK. So that is in fact your check your savings account. And what is the dollar amount you wanted to transfer?
one hundred and fifty dollars. I got some really nice extra money this month from unemployment, and so I'm gonna try to save it for what I need.
Oh. That's wonderful. All right. Let's see. So that. You said that was one hundred and fifty dollars from checking into savings?
That's right.
Correct.
OK. One second while I take care of that. All right Miss Gladys. So your resulting balance in checking is one hundred dollars even. And resulting balance in savings is three hundred and eight dollars.
OK.
OK.
Three hundred and eight dollars. Wow. That sounds pretty good doesn't it?
It sure does. You're working hard to save that money.
Yeah. Did you say you were in Vermont?
I didn't, but we are in Vermont.
Oh. I thought so. I thought so. What's the weather like out there?
Oh, the trees are starting to turn you know? It's definitely getting to be fall.
Yeah.
Is it getting cold?
It's starting to cool off a little from summer. And where are you?
I'm in Colorado.
Oh. And how's the weather there?
It's beautiful. Right now, again, we're just starting to turn into fall. the weather's cooling off. We sure do need some rain though. But it's beautiful out here. I sure do love the mountains. Do you have mountains near where you are?
No, not where I am. However, lets see. I'm I'm sure that the snow pack will run up our rain totals in the winter. And lets go ahead and see if I can help you with anything else on the call.
OK.
No, not right now.
Could I tell you about our online banking? That would allow you to not only check your account balances, but transfer funds, bill payments, apply for loans, all sorts of things.
Oh.
Uh-huh. Really?
Well can you tell me a little bit about it?
Mhm.
Sure. You. There's no service fee for it. we we would set up your account with your email address and a password. Then you could freely move between your accounts and take care of all the things you need. Including you could chat with us online. and yep, and we would still be available by phone if you have any troubles. Would you be interested in doing that?
Oh.
Oh, really?
Well that's.
Yeah.
It does sound pretty interesting. Yeah. Do you have some information you can send me?
I do. I've got a bunch of information, a pamphlet, and some other informations we can go ahead and send that to you. And then when you make up your mind, you can just let us know.
OK.
OK. Great. Well now you have my address don't you?
I don't. What is that please?
It is twenty that's it Oh OK. I remember my address correctly. I'm sorry. I'm a little old and a little confused. My address is three nine six Marina Boulevard.
Three nine six Marina Boulevard. And you said that was Colorado Springs?
Yes.
And your ZIP code please.
One oh seven oh six.
Alright. Thank you so much for that information. We'll get this out in the mail to you as soon as possible. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful. I appreciate it.
Well thank you very much for calling and you have a great day.
OK. You too.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank.
May I ask who's calling?
Yes, this is Christal Humphrey.
Hi Crystal, I'm Scott and I'll be helping you today. let me grab some information from you first.
OK.
say again your first and last name.
Christal Humphrey.
OK. Can you spell that?
C H R I S T A L. Humphrey is H U M P H R E Y.
OK, what's your date of birth?
Ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
Alright, let's get a couple more pieces of information from you. Can I get your credit card number?
Sure, it's four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
Alright. Let me ask you one more question for security purposes.
OK, go ahead.
what was the name of your first pet?
Oh let me think I think it's Shaggy.
OK, thank you very much Christal. Alright what type of bank account are you calling about today, checking or savings?
my checking.
Your checking account? OK. do you happen to have the bank checking bank account number?
Yes.
yes I do have that with me. Let me pull it up real quick. OK, it's two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
OK. I see here, yes that's correct. Christal what are you calling about today?
I need to check my account balance.
Oh, I'd be happy to do that for you. Alright, your checking account balance as of today is sixteen thousand one hundred and twenty-three dollars and fifty-seven cents.
OK.
Would you like me to tell you your savings account balance?
yeah, but before you do that can you tell me the last transaction that was made?
Yes, I see here that your last transaction was made on September twenty-second two thousand twenty-one at the Tom Thumb in Arlington, Texas.
OK, and can you tell me that amount?
Yes, it says right here that it was for fifty-four dollars and thirteen cents.
OK, that's right. Thank you.
You're welcome. Do you still want your savings account balance?
yeah we can do the savings account balance, why not.
Alright, it says right here that you, as of today, have one million seven hundred and fifty-seven thousand six hundred and fifty-two dollars and forty-four cents.
OK, sounding good.
Alright, did you know that we have an online banking where you can check your account information online without having to call in?
Yeah I've heard it, I tried it and it didn't work.
Oh, well let me help you get set up. OK, you can go to Intellibank online dot com.
OK.
And what you gonna do is you're gonna go on your phone to that web address and you will find a link to download our app.
OK, hold on, tell me the name of the app again. Let me get a pen and write this down.
It's Intellibank online dot com.
OK, got that.
Got it? OK.
Got it.
And then you'll see a link there if you scroll down to the bottom to download the app.
Oh OK. OK got it, yup. Download.
OK are you downloading the app right now?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'll go ahead and do it.
OK. Alright, now it's gonna ask some information. You're gonna put that information into the app and let me know when you're done.
OK, all right let's see, account number birthday and security question will be same thing you asked me probably, a pet. uh-huh. OK. oh wow! OK and look, there's all my information.
There it is right there. And you can access this information twenty-four seven at your convenience at anytime you would like and everything is live so once you have a bank transfer it will be shown here on the app automatically. There is no time delay. And like I said you can use this anytime twenty-four seven, day or night, and you won't have to call me just to get your account balance.
Oh well that is wonderful. Well thank you so much. I really appreciate your help.
Absolutely. is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, I think you covered it and did more than I needed so thank you.
You are so welcome Mrs. Humphrey. I appreciate you calling Intellibank today and I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you, you too.
Goodbye now.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello this is Rodrick from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yes I'm having issues I'm trying to make a wire transfer.
OK, that's not a problem ma'am. ask you for some basic information. Can I get your first and last name?
Roshonda Jackson.
OK can you spell Roshonda for me ma'am?
R O S H O N D A. Jackson is the typical J A C K S O N.
OK, thank you so much ma'am. Can I get your date of birth?
June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Thank you so ma'am. Can I get your state issue ID number or the last four digits of your social?
I don't I don't have my ID with me right now.
OK. Do have the like last four digits of your social security number?
no sir can I do it with something else?
Yes ma'am do you know your account number?
Yeah let me go see if I can get that.
OK, no problem.
OK, five five six one eight zero nine five eight two.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am. And what was your pet's first name.
Lady.
Thank you so much. Thank you so much ma'am. Can I get the withdrawal bank account number?
yes sir, let me get it. It's just been annoying. I've been trying to get this transfer and this y'all's y'all's site is not working.
Oh, I'm so sorry about that. I'm so sorry about that.
Y'all need to fix y'all website.
Yes ma'am absolutely it is down right now for maintenance it should be up within the next two to three hours. So sorry about that I just know that how frustrating that can be.
Yes, it tends to be down a lot but I have them right here my number.
OK, yes give it to me whenever your ready.
Two nine eight eight.
Nine six seven four.
Thank you so much ma'am. And how much money are you looking to withdrawal from this from this account ma'am?
Six hundred dollars.
OK, thank you so much ma'am. And when you are transferring the six hundred dollars ma'am would this be domestic or internationally?
Domestic.
OK. so since it is domestic there will be a zero percent there will be a zero percent interest fee. However, we will charge five dollars since it's more than five hundred. Is that OK with you?
Mhm yeah that's fine.
OK, thank you so much ma'am. And can I get the routing number that you'd like to like to deposit the six hundred dollars into?
Yes. OK, it's two six nine nine nine eight four Five seven.
Do I need anything else?
Yes yes ma'am you'll need you're gonna need just I believe one more piece of information. However I just wanna read back the number you gave me for that deposit routing number ma'am. It was it two six nine nine nine eight four five seven.
Yes sir.
OK, and the last piece of information I'm gonna need from you is the bank your deposit's bank account number.
OK.
It's six seven seven nine four two zero eight.
OK, and that was six seven seven nine four two zero eight?
Yes sir.
OK all right I'm gonna send off the six hundred dollars right now. I'm gonna start sending things off, and I'm gonna let you know when everything has went through. It should just take less than thirty seconds.
Alright will that be all?
OK, just one yes ma'am after this it's just I just wanna make sure that on my end that everything is sent through been sent through.
OK, do y'all know when y'all site is gonna be up?
Yes ma'am. It should be up within the next two to three hours. I'm so sorry about that. It had to go down just for maintenance so that we can just improve our customers experience.
All right.
OK. OK, yes ma'am, so everything has been sent through, and I just wanna let you know your balance. Your balance after sending six hundred dollars and us taking out a five dollar fee to do that do so you will be one hundred twenty-seven dollars and eighteen cents.
You said one twenty-eight?
No ma'am it is one hundred twenty-seven dollars and eighteen cents.
My balance?
Yes ma'am. After after taking out the six hundred and we also had to take out a five dollar fee to send to send the money.
All right that's I guess that's fine. All right.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today ma'am?
No sir bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes. I need to check my account balance of my checking account and also my savings account.
Absolutely. I can help you with that today. Can I have your first and last name, please?
Dan Thomas, T H O M A S.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. And your date of birth?
May twelfth, nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And can I have the last four of your social, please?
Eight zero, one one.
Thank you. And to verify your identity, if you can just answer this security question for me. What was the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I have verified your information. I've got your account pulled up in front of me. now you were wanting to check the account balance for your checking account? Was that correct?
My checking and also my savings account.
Absolutely. I can do that. go ahead and pull up your checking account first if that's OK. Can I have the account number that's on that account, please?
seven three zero, six nine five six eight, two nine. four.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I'm gonna read that back to you just to make sure I got the right one. is that seven three zero, six nine five, six eight, two nine four?
Yes, that's correct.
All right. I do see that as of today, you have an available balance of one thousand fifty-six dollars and thirty-six cents.
OK.
All right. And then you also wanted to check the balance of your savings account? Is that correct?
Yes.
All right. And can I get the number on the savings account, please?
Eight six nine one seven six, four six zero, one two three.
All right. And that was eight six nine, one seven six, four six, zero, one two three. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, thank you for verifying that for me, Mr. Thomas. And I've got your savings account pulled up now. And it appears that you have an available balance in that account of three thousand ninety-six dollars and twelve cents.
OK, that's great.
Yes, sir. would you like me to help get you set up with online banking today, so that you can check this for your own convenience in the future?
yes, I've been thinking about doing that. is it secure?
yes sir. We use the above the federally required security measures that have to be in place for banking transactions, so I can assure you that all of your online banking information is very secure.
OK. And I would just log on to the Intellibank website?
Yes, sir. That is correct. You'll just go to Intellibank dot com. And on the home page there, there will be a place for you to log in. And once we get you set up with an account name and password, you'll just enter those details there. And it will then have you verify your identity with a one time code you can have either emailed to you or called or text to the phone of your choice.
OK, that sounds great. can you set me up today?
I certainly can do that, Mr. Thomas. let me pull up that screen one moment.
.
Have you been having a good day so far?
yes. My day has been going pretty well. I'm actually almost done with my day, so it's pretty good.
All right.
I agree. All right. I've got that page pulled up here. And lemme go ahead and generate your details for you. do you have a preferred username you would like to use or would you rather I provide one?
how about D Thomas one two three for my username?
All right, sir. I can certainly do that. D Thomas one two three. That's D T H O M A S, and then the numbers one two three? Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right, and then for security, I will set up a temporary one time use password for you. when you log in if you'll just use this as the password, it will then immediately prompt you to create your own password, sir. That way there's no security issues.
OK. let me grab something to write with.
Absolutely. Just let me know when you're ready.
OK, I'm ready.
All right, sir. The temporary password is going to be capital F, one six I G L.
OK. I've written that down.
All right, sir. And if you have any issues logging on, don't hesitate to go ahead and give us a call back here and we can help you with that.
All right. And you said your name was Steven?
Yes, sir. My name is Steven.
OK. Well, you've been a big help today.
Well, I do appreciate that Mr. Thomas. And once we disconnect here, there will be a brief survey you can fill out if you would like. let us know how we did today and how we can better service you in the future.
OK. Well, I appreciate it.
Absolutely. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't believe so.
All right, well you have a absolutely fantastic rest of your day. And thank you for calling Intellibank.
All right. Thank you.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. How how may we help you today?
Hello is this a real person I'm speaking to?
yes, sir. Yes, sir. It is.
OK. Just making sure. You know all that automated stuff all the time.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that, sir. Yes we're here to help you.
It's nice to talk to somebody real. my name's Curtis Miller.
and I need to check both of my balances.
OK.
And cuz I have family in my account so I need to know what's going on.
So I need to check my account.
OK. Yes, sir. all I'm gonna need for you is some information to begin with here so I can look up your account information?
Can I have your first and last name, please?
It's Curtis Miller. C U R T I S Miller as it sounds. M I L L E R.
Thank you sir and can I have your date of birth?
It's three ten nineteen seventy-four.
OK and can I have your address, please?
One hundred City Park Drive, Racine, West Virginia.
Two five six zero seven.
Yes sir and I can I have your can I have maybe your mother's maiden name as per your security question on your account.
Comer.
Yes, sir.
C O M E R.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
And what kind of a. What type of bank account are you looking to check on or check on today. Was it checking or savings or what did you have a loan?
Well, I need to. I need to check both of them.
OK. OK. Yes, sir. Oh I'm gonna have to have your bank account number and I'm also gonna have to have your your credit card number.
OK. Hold on just a minute. see.
To check his accounts.
Say my my bank number you say you need my credit card number and my what?
yes. I I need your banking account number, sir.
Oh my bank account number?
OK. It's nine three one two six three two.
Yes, sir. Thank you very much for clarifying that and the type of account again?
And
the other number is eight one seven three zero zero one one two two eight six
Wait a minute. Is that right one? Does it end in eight eight three two.
sir, I I can't clarify that for you.
Eight one seven three zero zero one one two two eight six eight eight three two. Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. That is. That is. That is the correct. That is the correct number. Thank you sir for clarifying. Clarifying that.
OK, so I'm sorry about that. I'm sorry.
OK.
OK.
let's see and that was gonna be the checking account we're checking or we're going to check the the savings?
let's check my savings.
OK. In your savings right now. We have we have three hundred and fifty dollars in your savings and your checking account is showing four hundred and eighty-one dollars and fifty cents.
So four eighty-one fifty for my checking.
And three hundred dollars and fifty cents for my savings.
Yes sir and that as for that as that is as of today on nine twenty seven twenty-one.
Could you send me a list of my last ten transactions?
Yes, sure. yes, sir. We sure can.
Can you send that to me in the email?
Yes and can we can we clarify your email address?
Yes. It's Curtis Miller at Gmail dot com. Just just like it sounds.
Yes, sir. Thank you very much for clarifying that and we will get that out to you momentarily. Is there anything other account that I can help you with?
Well nah I just had a checking and a savings but do you guys do home improvement loans?
Yes, sir. We do. We do offer that and we have many different options and and different ways that you can accomplish anything you're looking for to add value to your home with with a new loan?
Yeah. I I I need to put a new roof on my house and I might have to get a small business loan or a not business loan just a small home loan to do that.
Yes, sir.
And,
That would be. I could come in anytime this week.
Could I just walk in and speak to one of your bankers or.
Yes. Yes. We'll set you up with Angie she does a great job with the home improvement loans and she would be able to guide you in the right direction.
was there anything else that I can help you with today?
Well.
well my online banking account. I can't get into it right now. do I have to call your IT guy to get it to get get the number switched. To get it reset or how do I get about that?
Sir, all you do is you login to at WWW dot Intellibank dot com and input your information and you may have to change your password.
OK.
If you happen to have anymore trouble with that please give us a call back and we'll be more than happy to help you resolve that issue.
I appreciate it. You guys have been great and thank you so much.
And I'll be in this week to check out on that loan.
Thank you very much, sir, for calling Intellibank and have a nice day.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Casey. How can I help you?
Yes my. My. My debit card's been stolen or lost. I cannot find it. And I was just wondering what what's the procedure from this step moving forward on making sure that no. No fraudulent charges are being done on my card.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I can definitely help you out with that. So just to give you a heads up, we are on a recorded line. And this is a secured not line as well. And my name is Casey Watkins. And my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
Thank you.
Absolutely. And so can I go ahead and get your first and last name?
Yes, Makai Mitchel.
OK. All right, Mr. Mitchel. OK so as I can pull up your account information, let me go ahead and get a couple pieces of information from you. Can you please verify the last four digits of your social security number?
Two seven two eight.
OK. And what is your date of birth?
It is May twentieth, nineteen sixty-eight.
OK. Thank you so much for that information. And in order for me to pull up the transactions on your account, I do need you to answer your security question here for me. And that is, what was the make of your first car?
It was a Toyota Pathfinder.
OK. All right, a Pathfinder. OK, perfect. And so, OK, I've got your account pulled up here. OK so when did you last have the card in your possession?
That's what I'm trying to figure out. that's why I'm calling, to see what are the steps of just ceasing, stopping my account. Me coming in. And doing the necessary paperwork to get reissued, or can I do as much as I can over the phone.
well I was. I was trying to see if you remembered when the last time you had it in your possession was cuz I was going to look up the recent transactions since then to see if there was any fraud.
OK.
So, did you have it yesterday?
I don't remember. Cuz I. I didn't use it.
OK. So when is the last time you remember using it?
several nights ago.
OK, do you remember. OK, do you remember what the vendor was?
At dinner.
I was at dinner. I forget. But the dollar amount was I believe around three hundred and fifty dollars. I thought it was, at least.
Oh, OK. So I see. I see a charge on here from two nights ago, at Pappadeaux. For three hundred and twenty-five dollars and sixteen cents. Does that sound right?
Yeah.
OK. OK, so it looks like I don't see any additional charges on here. since then. So I think that that's a good thing. Cuz it looks like even if it was stolen, it looks like that. The person has not used your card.
OK.
so at least we don't. It looks like we don't have to do any fraudulent charge reports.
Mhm.
but yes, I definitely. I'm going to go. Going to go ahead and cancel your card.
Thank you.
because we want. We want to make sure that nothing does happen. So I'm going to go ahead and do that. And that will be canceled as of now.
OK.
and then what we'll have to do is just re-issue you a new card. And so I can either we have a couple options with that. So I can re-issue you a new one, and it will be mailed to you within five business days. Or I can re-issue you one, and it would be to be overnighted to you which would be a twenty dollar charge. Or we can actually print it in one of our local branches for you, and that would be a twenty-five dollar charge. So which option sounds best to you?
can you say them again please?
we can go ahead and just mail one to you, which there's a standard would be up to seven I'm sorry, up to five business days. And then that. That's no charge. Or, we can overnight one in the mail to you, which would be a twenty dollar charge. Or we you can come into one of our local branches and they can print one on site for you, and that would. That would be a twenty-five dollar charge.
Yeah, I. I want to come in. I would like to come in and get the local branch to help me out.
OK, perfect. OK, so Now, do you know where the closest local branch is to you?
I do.
OK.
I actually do.
OK, perfect. OK, so I go. I went ahead and already got your account closed out for. I mean, I'm sorry, not your account, your debit card. Closed for you so you don't have any. Have to worry about any fraudulent activity. And so then yeah whenever you get a chance, you can just go ahead and go into one of our the whatever branch is closest to you, and then they can go ahead and print one on site for you so you can have a new card today.
Perfect. That. That's awesome.
OK. All right, did you need anything, help with anything else today?
No, that's it. You've been very helpful.
OK, awesome. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank, and I hope you have a great day.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joe. How can I help you today?
Hi, Joe. my name is Stephanie. I am calling to just check the balance of my accounts.
Awesome. that will work. Can I get your first and last name, please?
Oh, yeah. My name is Stephanie Garcia.
Awesome.
And I just need to ask a couple additional questions just for me to pull up my information starting with your date of birth.
my date of birth is May twenty-first nineteen ninety-four.
Awesome. And then also can you provide your last four of your social, please?
Last four of my social is three six seven nine.
Thank you and then the last one what is what street did you grow up on?
The street I grew up on Jack. I'm sorry Jackson Street?
Jackson Street. OK. That's the. Give me a quick second as I grab look up this information further.
Perfect.
So how's your day been so far?
Day is going pretty great. you know, Sundays are for football. So we're just watching football all day today. How's your day?
That. Oh to just been just been working here.
It's been uneventful. Sundays are usually a slower day for us. so what's what's your favorite football team?
Forty-niners.
OK. Did they win today or did they lose?
They did not win today, unfortunately. But it was a good game overall.
That's nice to hear.
Do you like football?
I do. My favorite team is actually the Dallas Cowboys.
I was going to say, please, don't say Raiders. Don't say Raiders.
Why. Why don't you like the raiders?
Cuz I do not like them.
OK. that's interesting. OK. Well, yeah. They're a good team too.
All right. So I did pull up the information for your balances. which account did you want me to give you the balance to?
let's just go ahead and get the checking account balance for now.
OK.
So checking is looking at two thousand two hundred right now.
OK. That's not bad. and I know I have bank credit card with you guys. What's the credit limit do I have on that?
Oh.
OK. so it's actually called Intellibank credit card. and the current balance on that credit card is five thousand dollars.
Oh.
OK. That's what I owe?
That's what you owe. Yeah. Available to use is two thousand dollars.
Yeah. OK.
OK. That's awesome.
So is there anything else I can assist you with today?
actually. You know what, since I have you on the phone. Should we just go ahead and take a look at my savings account balance as well. I mean, I figured, you know might as well.
Of course.
Yeah. So in the first savings, you do have two thousand five hundred dollars. And then the second one is just the five-dollar par.
Five dollar? OK. is there anyway you can do a transaction for me?
Yeah. Would you like me to transfer any funds around or what type of transaction would you like me to complete today?
Let's.
Go ahead and just do five hundred dollars to the second savings account.
OK.
I would do that ASAP right now. It should be reflected within the next couple of minutes. Give me a quick second.
OK.
Perfect.
It's looking good. All right and then I also see here that we do. Have you heard about one of our services that we have recently started with us about the online billing system?
you mean like an online account?
Kinda sort of. So it's a cool system that we have implement this past quarter and what it does is it actually enables you to pay your bills. Anything like pay your bills, setup transfers all on the functional application app that you can get to the Google Play store. So how it works is if you need to pay your bill on a specific time and you don't wanna forget to pay it, you can setup bill pay through our online banking system and it will actually send a payment without you may having to do anything like that without having you to logon and setup the transfer. It'll be a scheduled transfer that gets sent to all your bills before they're due.
Oh.
Oh OK. That's actually very beneficial. That may help you know keep the billings under control per month.
Yeah.
One hundred percent. So if you like, you can actually logon to your online banking system and then on the top left corner is will tell you about the new bill pay options and then you can actually just hop in there register the accounts you wanna pay using that service and it'll be schedule a pay, and so is pretty much one time scheduled out of sight, out of mind. So those bills will be paid before or whenever you decide. whenever the due date is, you can do a couple days before.
Oh my gosh. That sounds so much more beneficial and helpful instead of calling in and you know I could just do it at whatever time is convenient for me. So thank you for your time.
Oh! Of course.
I'm glad I was able to help you. Enjoy the rest of your Sunday.
Thank you. You too.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Destiny. How may I assist you?
hi, yes. My name is Lisa Lawson and I'm needing to withdraw some cash.
Oh hello, Lisa. OK so you're needing to find an ATM or a branch location?
Yes ma'am an ATM.
It's five-thirty here so I don't think you guys are open that late.
I see. If I'm not mistaken. I do believe our branches are open until six p.m. on Fridays so let me have a look here.
OK thanks. I really just need an ATM.
OK sure. and what city and state are you located in Miss Lawson?
Spirit Brook.
Spirit Brook?
Yes ma'am.
Could you spell that for me, ma'am?
S P I R I T B R O O K.
Brook. OK. Thank you.
Uh-uh and what state is that in?
Minnesota.
OK. So I see that we have six ATMs in Sprit Brook, Minnesota.
OK.
What is your street address, ma'am?
My street address I don't know I'm in a parking lot of a store right now.
OK. I see.
so we have one ATM located at our Westfield Branch. That is by the Westfield Shopping Plaza in Central Spirit Brooks it looks like.
OK.
And we also have an ATM located at the seven eleven on Harden Park Way which is also in Central Spirit Brook.
Uh-uh.
And looks like just a couple of blocks from the Westfield branch yeah.
Oh. Oh. That one's OK I see. OK.
On the north side of town, we have an ATM located inside Fred Meyer on Bayfield and Rowden Parkway.
OK. I'm do you have one on the east side of town?
we do. We have three in East Spirit Brook.
we have one at our Indiana Branch. the address on that is going be four four three Indiana Boulevard.
OK.
And then there is one located inside Valley View Plaza which is on Maple Grove Highway.
Uh-uh.
And then the last one is another branch location. looks like on Hillcrest Avenue. The address on that is.
Let's see here.
Two two one nine Hillcrest Avenue.
OK. You said Hillcrest.
Yes, ma'am. That is correct.
That's an Intellibank, you said?
Yes, ma'am. Sure is.
Do you happen to know. Does it say whether the ATM is located inside the bank or.
you know let me have a look.
Thanks.
OK, ma'am. It looks like it is located inside of the bank.
OK. Well, what about the Indiana one. Is that inside or outside?
let me see here.
So it looks like that one is inside the bank as well.
Great so I have to drive all the way to the mall to use an ATM. Why in the world don't they put them outside? That is the dumbest thing I have ever heard.
I'm sorry, ma'am. I understand your frustration. I do believe you are still able to access the indoor ATMs after hours.
What? How?
Well, I believe they are inside the initial door to the bank but you wouldn't actually enter the bank.
Are you sure cuz I don't wanna drive all over town?
Yes, ma'am. I am sure. I also could provide you with some ATM locations that are at other banks that are in East Spirit Brook there would, of course, be a fee to withdraw funds from a non-Intellibank ATM.
Yeah. No thanks. That's why I'm calling because I don't wanna pay a five dollar fee to withdraw twenty dollars.
I totally understand.
OK. Can you tell me the address for the Indiana one again?
sure. Let me just look that up one more time.
OK. That address is four four three Indiana and it looks like that is at the intersection of Indiana and.
OK yeah. I got it.
OK, ma'am. did you have any other questions?
no. Well, actually, I did. I actually have a question about my auto loan. Are you able to answer that or do you need to transfer me to another department?
I would have to transfer you. Yes, ma'am. unfortunately, that department closes at five p.m. on weekdays. I can provide you with their telephone number so you could give them a call tomorrow if you would like.
hold on just a second. Let me grab a pen.
Oh, please. Take your time.
OK. I'm ready.
All right. Their number is five eight eight nine zero nine one two three six.
Great. Appreciate that.
Oh, sure and their hours on the weekends are nine to two p.m. , closed on Sunday and they're open eight to five, Monday through Friday.
OK. Thank you.
You're welcome, ma'am. Is there anything else I can assist you with this evening?
No. That was it.
OK. Thank you for being an Intellibank customer and have a safe evening.
Thanks. You too.
bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. This is Nathan. How can I help you today?
yeah. I was going through my checking account statement and there's something weird going on.
OK. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. can I go ahead and get your first and last name, please?
Hugo Windsor. W I N D S O R.
All right, Mister Windsor. And your date of birth, please.
June thirtieth. Nineteen sixty-two.
OK, thank you. And then a security question to access your account. What is the name of your first pet?
Ringo.
All right, Mister Windsor. I've got your information pulled up here. Now, let's see. Which can you verify for me which of the accounts the you have a question with?
It's my checking account. the last four digits are zero two, four four.
All right. I see that account here. Let me pull up the transaction history. OK. And so, what exactly is the issue you're having with your account today, Mister Windsor?
Well, something on here has been pulled out for fifty-six dollars and seven cents and I can't quite understand what it's for. It's it's got A C Q S. I guess that's a store name or or something. and I didn't I didn't buy anything so and I don't know. maybe my wife bought something and I. It just looks weird to me.
All right, Mister Windsor. Well, I can certainly try and help you figure out what's going on. Can I get the the date that that transaction is showing on your account?
September the eighth, twenty twenty-one.
OK. Let me go ahead and find that on the record here. OK, yes. I do see that there was a a charge for fifty-six dollars and seven cents on September eighth. And I do see that it looks like it was pulled out using the debit card. it was not an online transaction. Does that help potentially ring any bells as to where that transaction might've been from?
It's not online, so.
It's not showing that it was used as an online transaction. It does show that the the chip was processed. has your card been in your possession or has anybody else had access to your card on that date or around those dates at all?
my wife uses my card sometimes, but I don't know what. What kind of business is that?
well, unfortunately, my system doesn't have access to that information. all I can see here is the transaction ID and the bank that it was processed through on their end.
Do you have do you keep any of your receipts at all or is your wife available? You could ask her. Maybe she knows what this expense was?
hang on one second. Let me go find her and ask her if she's bought anything.
Absolutely, Mr. Windsor. I will hang on the line.
OK, I'm back. Yeah. She she bought some candles. she didn't tell me about it. So that's what they were.
I see, Mister Windsor. Well, I'm glad we got that sorted out for you.
And that you were able to to figure out what those were. Now, are you checking your account statement on the the online banking?
yes. I do online. I like online. It's it's quick.
Oh.
OK, great. So, yes that is that will be the fastest way for you to be able to keep an eye on things and if you ever see any transactions that you can't identify in the future, that will notify you the fastest rather than waiting for your paper statement at the end of each month.
Well, I'll you why. if you're married, you gotta keep an eye on them wives. They'll they'll they'll sure put you in a hole.
No, I understand. I I'm not married actually, but I I have friends who have definitely told me some stories.
You can't live with them, and you can't live without them. That's the way it goes.
All right, Mister Mister Windsor. Sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. You've done a great job.
well, I appreciate that, Mister Windsor. And there will be a survey if you hang on the line at the end of this call if you'd like to give some feedback on your experience today with our call center operations. And if there's nothing else I can assist you with, I will let you enjoy your afternoon.
OK. I appreciate you. Have a good day.
You have a good day too, sir. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. This is Parker. How can I help you today?
yes. My name is Randy Appleton and I just got my electric bill and it's much higher than what I was was thinking and I need some help.
All right, Mr. Appleton. I can try to assist you with that do you have a savings account with us, Mr. Appleton?
yes I do.
All right. If you would like, we can try to see if there what the balance is in that account and transfer money between the two that will put the money available into your your main account immediately.
If that would be a acceptable solution.
That sounds good.
All right, Mr. Appleton. I can certainly help you with that. Can I get your date of birth, please?
February second nineteen ninety-two.
All right. Thank you and the security question to access your account is the name or the type of car that was your first car.
It's a Ford F one fifty pickup truck.
All right. I've verified that information.
And can you give me the account number for your savings account, please?
Eight four one two five nine four nine four four.
All right. Thank you very much and can I get the account number for your checking account?
I don't have that.
OK. Not a problem. Do you have your Do you have a debit card associated with the account, sir?
yes, I do.
All right. If you have that, I can pull up the account from the number on your card.
OK.
All right. Whenever you're ready just please read that sixteen digit number off to me.
Four three five seven three four zero five one four zero four one four two zero.
All right and just to confirm that's four three five seven three four zero five one four zero four one four two zero. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. Now, I got your accounts pulled up here and it shows you've got a balance of five hundred and ninety-five dollars and thirteen cents in your savings account and a balance of two hundred and ninety-two dollars and twelve cents in your checking account.
OK. Let's transfer four hundred from my savings to my checking account.
All right, sir. Four hundred dollars and zero cents transferred from your savings account and depositing into your checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. I will go ahead and put that transfer through and you should see that money reflected in your checking account balance within the next thirty minutes.
All right. Thank you.
My pleasure, Mr. Appleton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, sir.
All right.
Well, thank you for calling Intellibank customer service and if there's nothing else then I will now let you get on with the rest of your evening.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. You have a wonderful day.
You too.
Good morning. It's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Yes good morning. my name is John Meadows and I'd like to find the closest ATM to where I live.
Hi Mr. Meadows. Sure I'll be happy to help you with that. but first let me ask you do you need the ATM to withdraw money or to deposit money?
to withdraw money.
OK do you mind giving me your address?
Yes I'm on seven fifty-three Dogwood in Phoenix, Arizona eight five oh oh three.
OK and Dogwood was D.
I'm sorry, Dogwood Road.
OK D O G W O O D Road? And sorry what was that ZIP code again?
Eight five oh oh three.
OK great. So it looks like the nearest ATM is inside the drugstore at ten forty ten four zero Bay Road same ZIP code. It's on at Walnut Street. It should be very close to your house.
OK that yeah no that sounds pretty close. Could you verify the balance in my checking account please?
Sure I'll need to get some information from you but first let me finish telling you about the ATM here. So because it's in the drug store it closes at ten p.m..
OK.
if you want to access an ATM outside of that time there's another one a mile down the road. It's open twenty-four seven. Would you like that information, as well?
yes is that on Walnut Street also?
No it's at it's still on Bay Road but it's at Chestnut Street.
OK. All right, all right so it's Bay Road and Chestnut?
Yeah, so that is one one five zero Bay Road at Chestnut Street. That's that's outside, open twenty-four seven. Please keep in mind that there is a maximum daily withdrawal amount of five hundred dollars.
OK.
OK.
And as long as you are using your Intellibank card there will be no service fee.
Super. The OK, yeah I'd like to get the balance of on my checking account please.
Sure do you mind spelling your last name please?
Yes, it's John Meadows, M E A D O W S and my phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two.
OK thank you. And may I please have your email address and the last four of your social?
J D Meadows at Gmail dot com.
OK great and.
And.
and my social the last four, let me just figure this out. I have to do my whole social all right to break out the last four.
Mhm.
Yeah, six three five five.
Thank you very much. OK and your final security question is what is your favorite color?
Green.
Wonderful. OK Mr. Meadows. And you said you wanted checking or savings?
yeah my checking account. I have the I have the number here.
I I've got it. I've got it right here. Your checking account balance is three thousand four hundred twenty-one dollars and sixty-one cents.
OK OK. The let me where would I get a listing of other ATMs as as I'm traveling around the city?
so you can find a list of all of our ATMs on the internet. you can go to Intellibank dot com and right there on the home page there is a link that says find an ATM. and you simply type in your ZIP code and click OK and it will give you a map of your area and all of the ATMs within a ten mile radius.
would I be able to at the ATM could I get my account balance?
Yes you you can once you're at the ATM and you've put in your card and your security code one of the buttons says get account balance so you can do that before you withdraw or deposit any money.
And so and I'll be able to deposit I'll also be able to deposit cash?
Yes, you can deposit cash and checks.
OK that sounds great. All right, I think I think I've got everything I I have the closest the two closest ATM locations and and that works for me. I appreciate it.
Great. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope. You've answered all my questions. thank you very much.
Wonderful. Thank you Mr. Meadows. Have a great day.
All right thank you. Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
yes, I have an account with you guys and I haven't used it in a long time, and it's accruing a bunch of interest, and I just wanna find a way to either close it out or or do something with it. Can you help me?
Absolutely I can. First, I need to confirm who I'm talking with. who is. Who am I speaking with on the phone today?
this is Sara, S A R A Dunning. D U N N I N G.
OK, Ms. Dunning what is your date of birth?
My birthday is, oh eight, oh seven, nineteen eighty.
OK, and one more piece of information. can you provide me with your driver's license please? I'm sorry. Driver's license number please.
yes, that would be two one two oh six oh seven one three.
OK, Mrs. Dunning, I am looking through your accounts right now, and you do have several accounts which account would you be making reference to that you aren't using right now?
it would be a savings account that I opened a long time ago. And I just haven't really done that much with it. And I just keep getting all these like maintenance fees.
OK, I think I see the one, but would you happen to have the account number handy?
actually I do. It's zero six seven nine eight three nine.
OK, give me a second to pull this up and I will look into this for you.
All right. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this. it's just been. It's just a headache, you know, just to get these things in the mail that saying I'm getting charged for something that I don't even use. You know what I mean?
Absolutely, I do ma'am It is frustrating. let me see here. You have, It's a savings account that you have not used in a while. And you can, close this out. You are going to have to come in to a local branch and sign some paperwork to do it. We can't do it over the phone.
Are you kidding me? I don't even live close to the bank. I. There's no way we can do this over the phone?
unfortunately there's not, because you have to, sign off, on some legal paperwork saying that you approved this account be terminated.
Oh my gosh. I'm just gonna. I guess if that's what I have to do, I'm just gonna have to make a trip out there and and sign this paperwork. But, I mean, It's like everyone can do everything over the phone these days or on the internet. There's just nothing I can do where we can just take care of it right now?
I can take care of like seventy-five percent of it for you but in order for it to be completely and totally closed out, you'll have to go up to your local branch and sign the paperwork.
OK, I guess. So, what can we do on the phone?
Well, Mrs. Dunning, I am sitting here now, just doing everything that I can, in my system, to close it out.
one question that's on this account that I'm gonna need to verify. What what is your mother's maiden name please?
that would be Martin. M A T. M A R T I N.
OK, thank you. that takes care of that. let me see. So, I have done everything on my end, to flag this account. I put in all the notes to where if you just go into your local branch, and give them all your information, and tell them what you wanna do. They'll just give you a piece of paper to sign, and this account will be closed out.
OK, I guess if that's what I have to do, then that's what I'll do. So, I just go up to my local branch, you know, give them my my information, and they'll give me a piece of paper, and then it's it's over and done?
Absolutely. Is there anything else I can do for you today Ms. Dunning?
no. I think that's gonna be it. I thank you for your help. I wish we could've did this you know, over the phone, but if we can't, we can't.
I apologize, Ms. Dunning, and. hopefully, you'll go up to your branch, and they'll give you a. that that document and you can sign it, and be on your way. that you for calling us today. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that'll be it today.
OK, Ms. Dunning. Well, thank you and have a great day. Bye.
Good afternoon. It's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
yes, my name is John Meadows. And I'm currently a customer and I'd like to I recently moved. And I'd like to check on the nearest branch.
Certainly, Mr. Meadows. why don't you give me your current address, and I can find the nearest branch for you.
OK. I'm My new address is seven. And. And if you could update my.
OK. Let's. Let's get into your account first so that we can make sure that we have the most recent address.
Great.
Yep.
Can you spell your last name, please?
Yes. Meadows. John Meadows. M E A D O W S. And my email is John Meadows at Gmail dot com.
Thank you, Mr. Meadows. And can you please confirm.
I. Wait, excuse me. I just made a mistake. My email is J D Meadows. J D M E A D O W S at Gmail dot com.
Wonderful, thank you so much. Can you please confirm your birthday and the last four of your social?
Yes. January fifteenth, nineteen sixty-five. And my social security is. I gotta do the whole number and then break out the last four. That's six three five five.
OK, great. And how about your driver's license number?
My Arizona drivers license is D L And my drivers license is A Z One two six eight two nine. Now that I'm. I'm reading and it's a little blurry. It's. It's. It's eight, not nine. It's A Z one two six eight two eight.
OK, wonderful. All right, I'm in. Give me one moment. OK, we have your current address in Tallahassee. Is that correct?
I'm in in Phoenix. Arizona, now.
OK, give me one moment. OK, what's your street address?
Seven five three Dogwood Road. R O A D. In Phoenix, Arizona. Eight five oh oh three.
And is Dogwood one word, or two words?
One. One word. Dogwood. D O G W O O D. Dogwood Road.
Thank you. And can you just confirm that ZIP code one more time?
Eight five oh oh three.
OK, I've got it. All right. We've got you all. And does this address apply to both accounts?
Yes. This is. This is my new address, and I'd like to get the closest branch. to where I physically live.
OK, wonderful. Just one moment, Mr. Meadows. Give me a minute, and I'll find the nearest branch for you.
OK dokey.
OK, here we are. It looks like the nearest branch is. Are. Are you ready? Do you have a pen?
Yes, yes I do. Thank you.
It's ten forty Bay Road, in Phoenix. The ZIP is the same. Eight five zero zero three. And it's at Walnut Street.
Great. is there. Is there another close by one? This way I can maybe have a choice.
Sure, hold on one moment. Yeah, the nearest one is five miles away, also on Bay on Bay Road, at Chestnut Street. It's Twenty-one fifty, Bay Road.
Twenty.
Twenty-one fifty Bay Road.
Yeah, no. Both. Those are the two closest ones from your home. And both both branches have the same hours. So Monday through Thursday they're open eight to four. Friday eight to six. Saturday nine to twelve. And they are closed on Sunday.
OK, great. the You know, I'd like to set up an online banking option, also. This way, in case I can't go to the branch, or. Or meet one of those hours.
Certainly. So if you go to our home page, which is Intellibank dot com. That's I N T E L L I bank dot com. at their home page, you'll see a big green button that says register for online banking. Click that. Type in your personal information that it will ask you. And within twenty-four hours, you'll then have access to your online account. So the next time you come to visit, you'll click log in. And then you'll be able to see your balances. You can change. You can transfer money from one account to another. You can apply for a loan. And you can also see where all of the ATMs and branches are.
Oh, that sounds terrific. That sounds pretty simple.
Could you do one and a last thing for me, please. Could you check the balance in my checking account?
Certainly.
Yes, absolutely. do you have the account number?
yes. three seven two, eight two nine.
OK. All right. It looks like you have five thousand, seven hundred ninety-two dollars and twelve cents in your checking account.
Perfecto. OK, I think you've answered all my questions.
OK, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I. You. You've done a great job. I really appreciate it.
Great. Well, thank you, Mr. Meadows. We really appreciate you as a customer. And enjoy your day.
OK dokey. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers, this is Brenda. How may I help you?
yes. I need to check the balance on my checking account and I also need to ask a couple of questions about your online banking stuff.
OK. I can help you with that. you said you just want to make a to check the balance of your account. Can I ask who I'm speaking with today?
actually, I I want to do a transfer so I want to check my balance and do a transfer. and my name is Claire. Claire Morrison. M O R R I S O N.
All right. Thank you. do your prefer that I call you Claire or Miss Morrison?
Claire will be fine.
OK, Claire. Could you provide me with an account number or social security number for you?
Yes. My account number is two three nine seven zero five.
All right. Just let me repeat that back to you real quick. That is two three nine seven zero five for that account number and you said that this is in regarding to your checking account. Correct?
Yes. That's correct.
All right, Claire. Could you also provide me with a date of birth for you too?
Yes. My date of birth is nine nine of nineteen eighty.
All right. September ninth of nineteen eighty. I have located your account. it looks like you have a security question on your account. If you wouldn't mind me just asking. What is your mother's maiden name?
Her maiden name was Parker.
All right. Thank you, Claire. I have your checking account pulled up.
What can I do for your today?
well, basically I'm wanting to try to transfer some money from my checking to my savings account if that's possible.
All right.
Let me just confirm real quick. You wanted to transfer some money from your checking account to your savings account. Correct?
Yes. That's correct.
All right and can you tell me the last four numbers of the savings account you are wanting to transfer that too.
So I believe the last four numbers are seven six five four I think. I think that's correct.
All right. That that is a checking account here. I'm sorry. That is a savings account number for your here. how much would you like to transfer from your checking to that account?
I'd like to transfer four hundred and eight five dollars if possible.
OK. So we are transferring four hundred and eighty-five dollars from your checking account and leaving ninety-seven oh five to your savings account that's ending in seven six five four.
If you give me just one second. Let me get that done for you All right, Claire. I have that transfer completed.
Was there something else that I can help you with today?
actually like. Well, so I'm saving up for a new car. I now kinda figure out and decide and I'm gonna start putting out those funds for that car that I'm saving up for into this savings account. so that's really why I'm doing this. It's just you know trying to to save some money up and just figuring if I put it aside then I'll be less tempted to use it.
That's a great idea. you know it's it's always good to to have that savings account and just kind of keep it keep it out of your your checking account so that you're not tempted there to spend it but if you don't mind me asking you, what kind of car are you saving up for?
I'm trying to get the Jeep Ranger like I would like a red Jeep Ranger to to be more specific. But any Jeep Ranger really That's kind of. That's kind of what I'm saving up for.
Oh, I have heard that those are great cars.
I really want for a Jeep last time. I don't know I just decided that it's like the perfect car for me and that was what I wanted. So here I am saving up for it.
Well that is awesome, Claire. I I I hope that you are able to get that Jeep Ranger and everything works out for you. I have that money transferred for you so if there's anything else that you'd like me to help you out today. Just let me know.
Actually, if you wouldn't mind. I was wondering if you could also give me the website for the Intellect Bank so that I could check in to the online banking.
yes. Yes, absolutely. I do wanna correct you though. It's actually Intellibank. That's I N T E L L I B A N K.
it's Intellibanking dot com is the actual website for it.
I just wanna make sure that you can find the right bank site if you if you happen to just Google it.
so again, it is Intellibank and not Intellect Bank. did you want me to maybe assist you on trying to get that online account setup?
Oops. I don't know why I called it Intellect Bank. I meant. I knew that it was Intellibank. I I just flubbed at the words there I'm really sorry about that.
I think I can figure it out. But if I need help, will I be available to call you back?
absolutely. You can call back anytime. We do have representatives available Monday through Friday from seven a.m. to nine p.m.. They can assist you with that any time.
you can also. I mean, if there is. If there is anything that that you need during off hours too. There's also a instruction on our website that kinda walks you through on how to set those online accounts up. So if you do it after hours, that's available to you as well just to give you a little bit of options there. But if there's anything that I can do to help you out.
I don't think so that there's anything else I can do. I mean, I can call back, if there's any kind of problem with getting that online set up. But I do appreciate all of your help.
No problem, Claire, and good luck to you. Good luck on getting your Jeep and if you need anything else from Intellibank, please do not hesitate to call us. We we love to hear from you guys we just hope that you have a wonderful day.
Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
We really appreciate you, Claire. You have a great day. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Casey, how can I help you?
Yes my name is Jim Jones and I have a couple things I wanna get done. I wanna close my account and then transfer money to another account. Also my card has been lost or stolen. I cannot find it.
OK. Mr. Jones I can definitely help you out with those things. So just so we have it on record this is a recorded call on a secure line. And my full name is Casey Watkins. And my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
Thank you.
And Mr. Jones what are the last four digits of your social security number so I can verify your account?
Five two nine eight.
OK. And also what is your date of birth?
It is October thirty-first, nineteen sixty eight.
OK, perfect and the security question I have on file is what is the name of your current pet?
The name of my current pet?
Yes.
Molly.
Molly? OK.
Gotcha. OK yes so I'm into your account now so I believe the first thing you said was you needed to close an account and transfer the money. so I see that you have two different checking accounts with us. one ending in seven eight six four.
And the other one ending in nine oh oh seven. it looks like they both have around five thousand dollars in them. Which one were you wanting to close?
the nine oh oh seven I wanna close that one and just transfer the money to the one in seven eight six four.
OK. Got it. OK. and the exact balance of that account is five thousand and twelve dollars and four cents. And did you wanna go ahead and execute the transfer immediately?
It. Yeah. So I don't have to sign any paperwork? I can just Just go ahead and just call and get this done right now?
well I can go ahead and do the transfer right now. but I am going to have to email you some documentation to to close the account.
Oh that'd be great.
OK so let me go ahead and execute this transfer. I'm going. We're going to transfer five thousand and twelve dollars and four cents from your checking account ending in nine zero zero seven to the account ending in seven eight six four. Is this correct?
Correct.
Perfect.
OK.
OK. So that has been done and that is That money is in there as of right now. that in your account ending in seven eight six four. So your new balance on this account is ten thousand two hundred and seventy one dollars even.
Perfect.
OK. And so what I'm gonna go ahead and do is. Can you please verify the email address on file for us?
Cuz then I can email you the paperwork for the closing the account.
Yes. It's J Jones twenty-five at Gmail dot com.
OK.
OK. That is what we have on file so I'm gonna ahead and send this paperwork over you. To you to close your account. it will be it'll say it's coming from Intellibank. And it'll be a DocuSign document. that is saying that you need to close your account. And so then once you do the electronic signature, then it will email it directly back to me. And then I can process the account closure and then it will email it back email the confirmation back to that same email address.
Oh that's awesome.
OK. And so then that whole process should take a total of about twenty-four hours.
Thank you.
Now how about my lost and stole card. what do I have to do there?
OK so is your lost and stolen card associated with the account that you're closing? Or that's associated with the one that we just transferred the money to?
Actually the one that I'm closing.
OK, the one that you're closing? OK. well actually then once we What I'll go ahead and do is since we already transferred the money out of the account, I'm gonna go ahead and put a a cancel on. A cancellation request on that card. just to make sure that if anybody has it in their possession, you know, they can't use it anyway. Even though there is no money in the account. But But yeah, just to make sure. and so then as soon as that account closure paperwork comes through, then that card will be deactivated anyway. So I don't that we should need to order you a new card for that account, is that correct?
Oh that makes sense to me.
OK. All right well yeah. So then I but you're you're debit card for your account ending in seven eight six four, that one is still in your possession and OK?
Yes.
OK.
Perfect.
OK. So so then yes. We've got the transfer taken care of and we. Like I said, I will. You'll see here probably in the next ten minutes you'll get the email about your account closure with that DocuSign information and and then that will like I said that also take of your lost and or stolen card. Is do you have any other anything else that I can help you with today?
That's it.
I appreciate your help.
OK no problem. Well thank you so much for calling Intellibank and I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose how can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
Oh. Doing great Kim. Thank you so much for asking.
I have a question. Let me see here I am trying to do a wire transfer. I was trying to do it online and I kept getting stuck at one point so I figured I would just call and see if if you all could help me do it over the phone.
Sure.
Sure I can definitely help you with that today. No worries. I just have to ask you a few questions to get into your account OK?
Sure.
All right. Let's see here so I know you said your name was Kim. It's not Kimberly? Just Kim?
Right. Just Kim.
OK. Thanks, and what is your last name Kim?
my last name is Johns. J O H N S.
All right. Thank you, and what is your date of birth?
Four twenty-four nineteen seventy-seven.
OK, and I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
That's Murphey.
Thank you, and what type of account are we making the transfer from?
we're making the transfer from my checking account.
OK, and what is that account number?
let's see here bare with me for one moment.
Certainly.
Thought I had that account right in front of me.
Give me one second I'm just gonna run into the kitchen and try and try and grab it.
How's the weather been where you are?
Oh. Girl it's wonderful.
finally and I'm saying that because it's been so amazingly hot this summer. It's been more then I can handle. Like, no one wants to go outside and your whole entire face of makeup melt off every time you're going from your car to your house. I mean. It's. It's insane.
Oh. That's wonderful.
Yes.
Yeah. It has been really hot this summer.
Mmhm.
Now it's a lot better it's definitely cooling off there's no humidity anymore and I'm excited to go and hang out at our fire pit. We I I don't own my home but I just moved into a condo unit that has a communal fire pit and I'm thoroughly looking forward to cool nights and smores.
Oh. That's awesome. Yeah that sounds really awesome.
Yes ma'am.
OK. I have my account number here.
OK.
it is seven zero eight five six four excuse me. Six seven four four.
Awesome. Thank you so much, and how much money would you like to transfer?
I'm gonna transfer five hundred dollars even. and I have the routing number and account number. for, I'm actually transferring this money over to my mom's account so I have her information for when ever you're ready.
OK.
I'm ready go right ahead.
OK. The routing number is zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
Thank you.
All right and the account number.
and the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you.
OK, and I'm sorry to ask you this again what did you say the dollar amount you were transferring was?
Oh. That's OK five hundred dollars even.
All right. I am initiating the transfer right now bare with me it usually takes anywhere from two to three minutes for that to be completed and once it is done I'm going to send you a confirmation to your email, OK?
Oh. OK. That's perfect.
All right. One moment.
OK. Ms. Johns. Looks like it went through, went through faster than I thought it would. sending you the confirmation now, that only takes about thirty seconds, if you don't mind checking your email to see if that's come through.
Sure. Yeah let me go ahead and check my email right here.
OK.
Ope, I just saw the notification come through on my phone.
OK. So I did get the email confirmation.
Fantastic. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no that's everything. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help.
You are very welcome Ms. Johns, and we thank you for your loyalty and business here at Intellibank, and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you. You too hun.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Jennifer. How may I help you?
Hello, I'm calling to locate an Intellibank near me and find a ATM.
OK, can I have your first and last name, please?
Yes, you may. Mark Jones.
I'm sorry who?
Mark Jones.
OK. Can I have your date of birth and account number, please?
Yes, my date of birth is May the twenty-third, nineteen seventy-eight. And my account number is seven six four six five eight ninety-eight.
OK, thank you one second. Right and for your security code, what is the name of the street you grew up on?
Pleasant Road.
Thank you. So, you started you will like to locate an ATM?
Yes ma'am.
OK, can I have your street address where you are inquiring?
One three three southwest fifty-six street.
OK, and the city and state?
Hopkinsville Michigan.
OK, and the ZIP code, please.
Eight six six eight nine.
OK, now I do see that there are several ATMs near your location. The first location is on Brown's Boulevard. it's about two miles away. there's also an ATM at the bank of America. It's point three miles away from you on East Boulevard. but please keep in mind that there's is a five ninety-nine five dollar ninety-nine cent fee at that location. and I do see that we have an ATM at the Seven-Eleven gas station, on eleventh and thirteenth. now you can look on our online banking site and that will show you how to find that will tell you all of the ATM locations. ATM locations do have a daily withdraw limit of five hundred dollars at the Intellibank ATMs. Would you like further information about how to find ATMs in your location? Using our online banking tool.
No, ma'am thank you.
OK and how else may I help you?
To find a branch location.
OK. So, you will also like to find a branch location?
Yes.
OK, I do see that there are several ATMs near your location. the first location is on Martin Luther King Boulevard and that one is three miles away from you. There's also a branch located on Fifth Avenue. that one is a little closer at point three miles away from you. Are you familiar with that location?
No.
OK. we also have a branch near the CVS off of Thirteenth Street and Orange Blossom Trail. there is a five ninety-nine or no, there's no fee at that. There is a that is a branch location I'm sorry. Alright, so are our branch locations but again you can look online to find out more branch locations in your area. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, yes there is. I always wondered if I can check my account balance to my savings and checking?
OK, I can assist you with that no problem can I have your checking account number, please?
yes, it's one five three eight seven six one nine seven eight.
OK, thank you let me see. So, is that your checking or savings?
That's my checking account.
OK, I do see that your balance is four hundred and ninety-nine dollars in your checking account. and you did want us to check your savings account as well. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK. can I have the savings account number, please?
Six five eight nine eight seven six four.
OK. Thank you one second as I look up that information.
OK. And I do see that your balance for your savings account is one thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's it, thank you.
OK, no problem. Well, thank you for calling until we bank again my name is Jennifer and I hope that you have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you bye bye.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Lars. How may I help you today?
Hi Lars. I need to close my savings account. can you help me with that?
I most certainly can. to get started I just need some information from you. So let's start with your first and last name.
Of course. My name is Stephany Butler, but my first name is spelled funny.
Oh, go ahead and spell that out for me Ms. Butler.
OK, so it's S T E P H A N Y. And then Butler. The last name. That's B U T L E R.
OK.
Well that wasn't so bad. Ms. Butler can I have your date of birth please?
Yeah sure. It's December twentieth nineteen eighty.
Oh thanks for that.
Ms. Butler, also need an authenticating ID number from you. such as a drivers license number.
I have that.
You have a drivers license number?
yes.
OK. What's that number? And also the issue date and the expiration date.
All right that's gonna be S three one five, five zero three nine three six eight eight zero. And then you said issued number. well it's issued in Florida on December third twenty eighteen. And it expires five twenty-eight, twenty twenty-three.
OK great. Thanks for that. And what's the account number for the account that you need to close today?
Oh, let me run down and grab that. I don't have it memorized.
Oh, sure. Not a problem Ms. Butler, I can hold.
Oh, thanks. So how long have you worked at the bank?
Oh. I've been with Intellibank for seven years, and I've enjoyed every minute of it. I love helping our customers.
Awesome. the account I need to close. I've got the number here now. The number is gonna be eight seven three two three four two one zero nine.
OK. Well before we can do that I just need to ask you a security question. I see have here here what's your mothers maiden name?
that's gonna be Ferman.
OK, great.
I have the account up. not actually showing it as a checking account and not a savings account like you had mentioned previously.
Oh. This is Intellibank right?
yes quick correction. It's actually Intellibank. and your checking account that I'm showing.
Oh. Sorry.
Yeah, that's the one I meant. oh yeah. I'm just so tired. And I've had trouble sleeping. Now it's really late and I can't sleep.
I just wanna get this done.
Oh well I'm sorry to hear that Ms. Butler. sometimes a glass of warm milk helps me get to bed. It's something my grandma would always tell me to do.
I'm happy to expedite this request so you can get some rest.
Thanks. That sounds great.
no problem.
Now let's see here. Ms. Butler what's your email address?
It's Stephy S T E P H Y B at Gmail. Dot com.
Got it. OK. So that's Stephy. S T E P H Y B at Gmail correct?
Yes.
Ms. Butler could I ask you why you're closing this account with us today?
well, you know I just. I got better terms with this new account from a different bank.
And that's also a checking account?
Yes, correct.
OK. And you'd like me to close your Intellibank checking account and transfer the balance to this different checking account?
Yes. Yes I would. Thank you.
Ms. Butler could I please have the routing number for that account?
Yeah. Sure. I have it right here. It's gonna be four six four four two five eight zero seven.
OK. Got it. And the account number?
yeah it's three four three four five eight eight zero. I mean no. Eight eight one.
OK let me read those numbers back. I have the routing number as four six four, four two five eight zero seven. And then that account number as three four three four five eight eight one. Correct?
You got it right. Thank you. What's your name again?
Ms. Butler my name is Lars.
OK, thank you Lars.
Oh, my pleasure Ms. Butler. I wanna confirm that this Intellibank checking account balance is one thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Yeah that's right.
OK. And I wanna let you know that the closure will occur in five business days. so that will be, let's see, on the tenth of this month. And right after that the transfer will usually occur twenty-four hours after that.
Sounds good.
All right Ms. Butler are there any other questions you have about any other Intellibank products or any services we offer that I might be able to assist you in today?
Nope. That's it. I'm good.
OK. Well thank you so much for the time Ms. Butler. And I've got this all taken care of for ya.
All right. Take care.
Bye now.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. Whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hi, Peter. this is Nina Bishop.
Hi, Nina Bishop. How are you doing today?
I've done better.
You've done better? How can I help you?
I wanna dispute a charge on my credit card.
OK, Nina. can you give me your first and, I mean your date of birth, please?
February twentieth, nineteen seventy-four.
February twentieth nineteen seventy-four and Nina Bishop. OK. And what account are you calling in reference to?
to my checking account.
In your checking account? OK. and the checking account number?
I don't have it.
OK. Do you have a credit card number that I could use to verify, lookup?
I do but I gotta go get it, so could you hold on a minute, please?
Sure.
I can.
Thanks. I'll be right back.
All right, I'll be waiting.
Hello, Peter.
Yep.
All right, so here's my credit card number. It's three four, one one, one.
Three.
Four one one.
One zero nine one.
One one zero nine one?
Z~
Yep. Four four five two.
Four four, five two.
Eight, one hundred.
Eight, one hundred?
Yep.
OK. And I've got that pulled up right now. And for security purposes, can you give me your mother's maiden name?
Toncheva.
I'm sorry. Could you spell that for me?
T O N C H E V A.
C O M C H E V A?
OK, what? Can can can you say that again? No T, as a Thomas.
C.
T, as a Thomas. T O M?
No, T O N, as a Nora.
T O N, as a Nora.
C H.
C, as it Charley. H, as in hungry.
Yes.
E, as in Evelyn. V, as in valley, and A as in alpha? OK.
Correct.
All right. And I do see that that is the that it's. OK. So I'm into your account. The you said there's a dispute?
Yes. It's about there's a charge from Nordstrom, and I have not been in Nordstrom in the last month.
And how much is the charge for?
It's for two thousand five hundred dollars.
Two thousand five hundred dollars from Nordstrom. So, what's the date of the charge?
Yes. It's a lot.
it is March fifth.
March sixth?
Fifth.
Fifth. March fifth. And is there anybody else that has access to your card?
Oh, no.
No? OK. no family members? No, anything like that?
Nope.
Mm. And you don't recall being in Nordstrom?
No, I have not been in Nordstrom.
Did you?
Order anything from Nordstrom? Online?
No, I haven't. I called them. I talked to to them. They said that they will look into and most likely refund, and I haven't heard anything from them. So I I'm calling you guys.
Got it. So you've contacted the business already?
Yes.
Correct? OK. it looks like this charge is has gone through and so at this point what they would suggest is that we lock your card and issue a you a new card.
OK.
because that will. Because somebody obviously has your card or has has your card information.
OK.
So by locking it, then that would prevent them from putting any charge further charges on this. Also, I'm going to forward this to our dispute resolution team.
OK.
And they can take it from there. Your new card, we will send that out overnight and you'll have that new card tomorrow. And somebody from our dispute resolution team should be in contact with you either today or tomorrow.
OK. Do I have to be home cuz I live in a condo building and I don't want it left in front of my door?
that would be preferred if you were home and they could deliver it directly to you. Is there an alternate place where we could deliver it?
well I just moved into town. Don't know anybody. Can you actually send it to my work?
we could send it to your work.
OK.
And what is your work address?
it's twenty-one hundred Canyon Drive.
Park City, Utah. Eight four zero nine eight.
so twenty-one hundred Canyon Drive, Park City, Utah, eight four zero one eight?
No, eight four zero nine eight.
Eight four zero nine eight, OK. OK. And what is the company that you work for?
Mish Mash.
Mish Mash?
Yep.
OK, so we will send it to Mish Mash of your name.
OK, and then that and that will be before five o'clock?
yes. It will probably be since it's going to a business, it'll probably be first thing in the morning. you will need to sign for it.
OK.
So please be prepared for that.
So I cannot call in sick, OK. Got it.
No you.
Cannot call in sick. I'm sorry.
OK. So is there anything else that I can help you with?
OK.
no. Not today. That's that's plenty.
OK. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank. And we are happy to have you as a customer, and we will talk to you soon. If there's anything else that we can do please let us know. And your new card will be delivered tomorrow. And somebody from dispute resolution will be in touch with you shortly.
Thank you.
All right, have a great day.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I was wondering if you could help me locate a nearest branch to me.
Oh sure I can do that. I'll just need to gather some information from you and we can help you find a branch.
Sure.
OK. So I know you said your first name is Kim. Can you tell me what your last name and your birthdate is please?
sure. My last name is Johns that's J O H N S and my birthday is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much Ms. Johns and I need to know your address that you would like me to find a branch nearby?
Oh sure. I'm not sure if you have I I did move in the last month. so I thought I had updated it with you all but I'm not sure if you have my new one or my old one. my current address my new address is forty-nine Holland Drive and that's Philadelphia Pennsylvania one nine three six three. but my old address it was still Philly it was seven one zero five Willow Brook Lane apartment three and that was Philadelphia Pennsylvania one nine one two seven. OK. the.
The one that you just gave me is the one that we have on file.
Oh OK. if it can be updated to my new address that's what I would like to do.
Certainly. I can take care of that for you right now. Bear with me just a few moments and I'll update that.
Sure.
All right Ms. Johns I've got that updated and I found a couple of branches that are close to you. and also that have weekend hours. So the first one would be at Ten forty North Second Street.
OK.
And that branch has the weekend hours of nine a.m. to twelve p.m..
Oh great OK.
And there's another one that's at five nine two nine West Girard Avenue.
Hmm OK.
That one also has weekend hours the same nine a.m. to twelve p.m..
Oh OK great.
Yes ma'am. And let's see here I think those were the only ones that are within maybe five minutes from you it looks like.
Oh OK. That That works great. That should be enough for me I think. and you said and are the ATM hours the same as the lobby hours there?
the ATM hours are twenty-four hours at the first one that I gave you and the same hours at the second one.
Oh great. OK.
Second location.
Yes so there had been a rash of break-ins at the one the second one that I gave you and so they put the ATM on the inside so that's why it's not twenty-four hours any longer.
Oh OK. I see.
Yes ma'am. And was there anything else that I could help you with?
I did have one question for the online banking. Do I just go to I haven't signed up for it yet. do I just go to Intellibank dot com? to sign up with my like with my account number or something?
Mhm.
Certainly. You would go to WWW dot excuse me WWW dot Intellibank dot com and at the top left hand corner of your screen you're going to see a little hamburger menu and you just click on that and you'll see scroll down to online banking and from there it's pretty self-explanatory. And it's really step by step and as long as you have your account number it will ask you to set up a PIN and also enter your your email address.
OK.
And And It's it's pretty easy. After you enter those things you'll always use your PIN as your password and your email as your login.
OK great. Thank you so much for you help today I really appreciate it.
You are so very welcome Ms. Johns. Was there anything else that I could assist you with today?
No, that's everything you've been wonderful. Thank you so much.
Oh thank you. You're so kind. as a member of the Intellibank family we'd like to thank you for your loyalty and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Laurie, how may I help you?
Yes, hello Laurie. I'm calling because I really need to find a branch and I'm a little frustrated. And I do apologize about this.
But now this is the second phone call that I've had to make in a fifteen minute period. Because I was on hold with another person at your help line. and I got hung up on.
I do apologize for that, Ma'am. may I please get your street address so I can help you find a branch location in your area?
Sure. It is going to be fifteen oh one Northeast. Thirty-fourth Court.
In Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Three three three three four And just in case you need it, my phone number is nine five four seven two eight one three four five.
That was nine five four seven two eight one three four five?
Yes.
Thank you for that information. That way if we do get disconnected, I'll be sure to call you right back.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
No problem. I am so sorry that you got hung up on earlier. I know how frustrating that can be.
You're telling me.
OK. So it looks like I have a few locations in that area. The closest one to you is about two miles away at twenty-one twenty-two North Palm Road. Then I have another location about three and a half miles at fourteen twenty Oak Wood Street. Both locations are open until five p.m. today, and open at nine a.m. tomorrow.
OK. since today is Tuesday, I don't know if I'll be able to get to either one of those branches before Friday or Saturday. Are you guys actually open on the weekends?
Unfortunately no we are not. We are a Monday through Friday bank.
But we are open later on Fridays. We are extended hours till seven p.m. on our Fridays.
That would be perfect.
Does that go for both locations that you gave me or?
Yes Ma'am it does.
Alrighty.
So can. I do apologize. Can I have the closer one again, the address? The I believe it was two miles away from me?
Sure, no problem. It's twenty one twenty two North Palm Road.
Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Three three three, three four.
OK. And just in case for some reason I need to contact the actual branch can you give me the phone number?
Absolutely, Ma'am. It is nine five four seven two eight, zero zero one zero.
OK. and you said nine five four, seven two eight, zero zero one zero.
Yes, Ma'am.
All right. Thank you very much.
And just in case you are interested we also have online banking. Would you like me to give you some information about our online banking?
Sure. Actually that would be great cuz I wanted to open an online account, either which way.
Wonderful, yes. As long as you have an account with us you are able to go to our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com. Or you can download our app. It will ask you for some personal information including your bank account number. And then you could set up the account and have access to your online banking. With online banking you could deposit checks, check balances, transfer money between accounts, and pay pills at any time.
All right. Can I ask you a quick question though about the online banking?
Absolutely.
Is there any chance that I can open it on the phone with you if I give you my email address and not a PIN number but Or at least get me started in the right direction?
Unfortunately Ma'am, I am not able to do that. You have to go online yourself and set it up. But there is a convenient little app located in your app store on your smartphone device.
OK. What was the what was the app again? It was just You know
Intellibank. I N T.
E L I B A N K.
So I N T E L I B A N K.
Yes Ma'am. Intellibank dot com is the website you can go to from a computer, or you can go to your app store and just look up Intellibank and download our app.
All right.
Do you have your account information?
OK.
I don't have it on me. Is If you need it Or. You mean I need that account information for when I open the online?
Yes Ma'am you do unfortunately. You will need your account number.
Oh, all right. Well actually I kinda have my purse. I left it at the grocery store the other day. and I haven't had a chance to retrieve it. Is it possible that you might be able to give me the account number?
I sure can give you the account number but may I quickly ask you for your security question which is what is your mothers maiden name?
It's Weiss.
W E I S S.
And thank you for that information. Your account number is two three one eight four zero one one four five three zero.
All right. Thank you very much.
And I actually I believe that is it and it was very nice speaking with you today. And if for any chance I need any more information or any more help, actually Is there. Do you have an extension that I could just reach you?
I do not. However my name is Laurie and you could always call back this number and directly receive me if you just ask for Laurie.
All right.
And did you need anything else from me today?
No Ma'am that was it. Thank you very much.
Well thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a great day.
You too. Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Amy. How can I help you?
Yes. I am actually calling to close my checking account.
Sorry to hear you want to close your checking account. May I ask the reason why?
The reason being is because I am actually moving out of the country and I'm actually no longer gonna be needing the account.
Oh OK. I understand. I will be happy to help with this. I will just need some additional information to verify your account.
OK. What information is needed?
May I have your first and last name and also your date of birth?
My first name is Jessica. Last name is Thomas. Date of birth is April twelve nineteen eighty-five.
Thank you. May I have your address and phone number?
My address is twenty-eight fourteen South Ramona Circle Tampa, Florida three three six one two.
My phone number eight one three five one six two eight four two.
Thank you, Ms. Thomas. I'm also gonna need your email address on file and the city you were born in.
My email address is Jess dot Thomas at Gmail dot com and the city I was born is in Tampa.
Thank you for that information.
I also need the account number that we're closing today and the reason being.
Yes. The account number is two five six eight nine nine zero and the reason for closing the account is moving out of the country.
Thank you, Ms. Thomas.
Will there be any money today we're going to be depositing to a new account?
No.
No money actually needs to be withdraw or deposit into a new account. I actually already withdraw the money and actually already transferred it to a new account.
Great.
I am going to verify your information back to you to assure that I have everything correct.
Your first name is Jessica. Last name is Thomas. Date of birth is April twelve nineteen eighty-five
Your address is twenty-eight eighteen South Ramona Circle Tampa, Florida three three six one two.
Phone number is eight one three five one six two eight four two
Email address is Jess dot Thomas at Gmail dot com. I'm sorry give me one second.
The city you were born is Tampa. The account number you're closing is two five six eight nine nine zero.
Ms. Thomas, is all that information I provided correct?
Yes. All that information seems to be correct.
Great. If I can have a few minutes to pull up your account.
Sure. Take your time.
Thank you, Ms. Thomas for holding. I was able to verify your account and also I was successful in closing your account.
An email was actually sent to your email address on file to confirm the closure of your account.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you. That's all I needed for today.
Ms. Thomas, may I offer you information on our online products we offer?
No thank you. I'm all set.
OK, Ms. Thomas. Thank you for being a customer with us. It was just a pleasure speaking with you. I hope you'll have great day.
Thank you for your help. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joe. Can I get your first and last name?
Hi, my name is Stefanie Garcia.
Hello, Miss Garcia. what is the pleasure of you calling in today?
yeah so I was calling just to check the account balance.
OK. Awesome. I can surely help you with that information.
Could you. I just need to ask you for a couple additional information just to pull up your. Your account balances. starting with your date of birth.
my date of birth is may fifth nineteen ninety-four.
OK. And then also could I get your account number or a credit card number.
I think I have my credit card number. Can you give me just one second so I could take a look for that?
uh-huh.
OK.
That works.
I think I get it. OK, I I I. Found it. OK. So it's four seven nine zero six nine six two, five four four zero seven one one two.
OK. Perfect. And then last. And the last question is what is your mothers maiden name?
Johnson.
Johnson. OK.
Perfect. And then we get this information pulled up.
On my end.
OK.
So how's your day been? Any special plans or anything you've done so far today?
my day's going pretty great. Not too bad. the weather's starting to dip down here.
So that's pretty exciting.
It's very dry heat where I'm from, so.
Oh.
OK.
Yeah, over here is very wet.
Are you've been getting a lot of rain?
Yeah. I live on on the pacific northwest. So it's pretty raining up here right now.
Oh, that's a different change than the dry heat.
Yeah.
Pros and cons, right?
Yeah, sometimes it can be a blessing and then sometimes it could be a curse too. Very gloomy.
So it makes you a little depressed and stuff. But overall, it's been good.
perfect. So this information's getting pulled up now. perfect. And for. I didn't catch, which account would you like me to give you the balance of?
let's just go ahead and start with the checking account.
And then we'll possibly You know what, go ahead and just give me a savings account as well.
OK.
OK. Perfect. So in checking right now, it's looking at two thousand dollars and eighteen cents.
And then in the savings you're looking at additional five thousand, two hundred dollars in that account as well.
Oh, OK. Perfect. hey, while I have you on the phone I notice that my new debit card has not came in the mail. And I just kinda wanted to see like what was going on.
OK. Let me take a look at that for you real quick. It's actually in a different system, so give me a quick second to get logged into that one.
OK.
That's no problem.
Perfect.
Thanks for your patience.
so did you have any plans for the rest of the day? Or was this kind of you finished up the it the end of your chores?
Yeah, just kinda gonna take it easy after our phone call. Just kinda was prolonging just to find out what's going on with the debit card I just reminded myself to see like. I have not received it so. I figured I should just shoot you guys a call.
Oh. well I'm glad let's see what's going on so I can get that situated for you. perfect.
OK. So, it looks like it did get mailed out last month. the address that I see here was one twenty-three Alice Street?
no that's definitely not my address. that must be my old address. I do have a new address.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, OK. Sorry about that. Let me put your new address in there. And what I can do too, is I'll block any card. It looks like it hasn't been activated. But I'll make sure I'll block that that debit card that got sent out to you So you don't have any potential fraud or the card going to the wrong hands.
OK. so my new address is.
Give me one second please.
One.
Oh, OK.
Thank you. OK. Perfect. I'm ready for those. new address for ya.
OK. So the new address is one three zero zero, South Mission Avenue.
Mission Avenue. OK. Awesome. So I'm changing that there. Do you by chance have your ZIP code with you?
yeah it's eight five one three two.
OK.
Perfect.
So I'm getting that typed in here. And I'm actually be sending you out a new debit card.
OK.
And it should arrive give or take within five to seven business days. But you should receive it before your card your current card expires.
OK. That's. That's good. That's perfect. I was actually worried about that but. yeah I think that's all I actually need. So thank you so much for your help.
Thank you Miss Garcia. Enjoy the rest of your Sunday.
You too. Bye.
All right.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is John. How may I help you?
Hi. this is Corey Davis. I'm a carpenter. And I I got a little problem. my bank account to the, need to talk to somebody about
OK and what is the nature of your problem today?
OK well like I said, I'm a carpenter. And so I've got I've got my personal account and then I got my business account and usually I make my business expenses all out of the business account. My personal expenses I keep separate for tax purposes and and what have you, but I'm involved in this real big job that I haven't got paid on yet. But I'm gonna be paid on it real soon. And so I guess what I am trying to say is I need to kind of loan myself or loan the business some money temporarily cuz I got I got payroll coming up and I got some real good workers for me. I don't know if you ever worked, you know this type of construction but they work hard and they need to get paid on time and so, so what I'm gonna do since the business account is running short, is I wanna loan myself some money, or am loan the business some money. And so, that's that's why I'm saying this I try need to try to get twenty-five hundred dollars out of my personal account and into my business account is basically what I I'm kind of a personal loan is what I'm saying, or a business loan from from my personal account.
OK sir. it sounds like you need to make an internal transfer.
OK yes sir. That sounds that sound just like that sound like just what I want. Internal transfer.
OK first of all can we get some personal information beginning with your first and last name?
My first name is Corey C O R E Y. Last name Davis D A V I S.
OK Mr. Davis, and your date of birth?
March third nineteen sixty-one.
Thank you Mr. Davis and can we get the account number of both of those accounts from you? Both your business account and your personal account.
OK I know my personal account is it's it's at Intellibank. And it is six four seven three five zero account number. And I'm putting it into my business account which is also Intellibank and that's that's four eight nine two seven zero six so, so from Intelligent Bank to Intelligent Bank
OK I can help you with that Mr. Davis. And we will be transferring here at Intellibank. We are very happy to help you with that. Let me just confirm these details. You will be transferring two thousand five hundred dollars from your personal account six four seven zero to your business account which is four eight nine two seven zero six.
Oh OK I must have give you the account number wrong for my personal account. It's six four seven three five zero.
Six four seven three five zero. Thank you Mr. Davis.
That's correct.
Uh-huh.
we can help you with that so just to confirm again, beginning the beginning balance in your personal account is eight thousand dollars and twenty-five hundred of that will be transferred to your business account which will then aggregate to a total of three thousand dollars in your business account ending in the numbers seven zero six. Is that correct?
OK that's good that'll that'll help me make my make my payroll You know what they used to. I bet you work hard too at your job these guys they work out in the sun and you probably don't, but you work hard too don't you?
Thank you. Yes, sir. We all work hard.
And I've got.
I know you want to get paid on time and my boys want to get paid on time so, we do appreciate the help.
Yes sir here at Intellibank we are happy to to help you with that. And so, your balances will then be five thousand five hundred dollars in your personal account and three thousand dollars in your business account and would you like some information about online banking that will enable you to do this more quickly and efficiently in the future?
Oh I appreciate that I I got the online banking. It's just that I don't like to do it on my phone. And I I don't have my home computer with me I don't carry it around. So, I know the kids they use the phone for everything and they wouldn't mind doing it on the phone. But, I guess I'm what you call old school. So so I'll do my online banking at home on my personal computer and now while I'm out I'll I'll just I'll just call somebody nice like you. I appreciate your time.
Yes sir. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
I believe that's all. Thank you.
Thank you for using Intellibank.
Intellibank, this is Tiffany. How can I help you?
Yeah. This is Sam Hyde.
Good morning, Sam. What can I do for you?
Oh I was wondering if I could check my account?
Yup. I will be happy to help you that here. Just give me one moment while I pull up my screen and get everything set up.
OK. Can I please get your date of birth?
Yeah. That's June twelfth of sixty-nine.
OK. Can I please get your driver's license number?
Yeah. Hold on. Lemme get my wallet. It's Where's my wallet?
Oh, hold on a second. I gotta find it.
Sure.
Yeah. Here it is. Sorry. That's seven six three double X as in X-ray nine nine seven one.
Yup. That is correct. That is what we have on file for you. you have a security question. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh that's purple.
Yup. That appears to be correct. OK and how can I help you with your account today?
Yeah. It's I'm disputing a charge on my savings account.
I do you mean your checking account, sir? You don't have a savings account.
Oh, right. Sorry. My checking account. Right. Right. Yeah, sorry.
OK. I can certainly help you dispute the charge.
Just give me one moment here while I pull up another screen to get started on the process.
OK. What is the dollar amount you're disputing?
Oh, it says here that I spent sixteen dollars at Galleria of Gallerias.
OK. does it show a transaction date?
Yeah. June sixteenth.
OK.
We'll get that right down here. Oh OK and it show on our end that that'll be correct. I do see that transaction.
What I can do is I can submit this claim to the fraud department. They will review it.
and then they will get back with us in either wipe the charge off your account or unfortunately you'll be stuck with the fee that was put on your account.
Is there any other accounts, I'm sorry, amounts that you would like to dispute.
No. That was the only one cuz I don't remember making the purchase.
OK. Lemme add that here as a note of reference.
So you didn't make the.
Is there any description of the item purchased or the service or is it just the name?
nope. It just shows the amount and where it was purchased which is what you see on your end there and the date.
OK. W~.
Well. I'll talk to my significant other and see what she thinks about it.
OK. in the meantime I can go ahead and get this paperwork off to the fraud department and see what they come back with and then if you have any questions, feel free to reach out and we can re-evaluate and see what we can do.
OK. Yeah, sure. That'll be fine.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no. You you're fine.
OK. You have a great day then.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes this is Dan Thomas T H O M A S. And my son needs some new tires on his car and I'm trying to figure out how to get him some money.
Alright mister Thomas I can certainty try to help you with that. where is your son located?
he is in Oklahoma.
All right does your son have an account with Intellibank mister Thomas?
No.
OK.
Well I think today the easiest way we can go ahead and handle this is to just do a wire transfer if you know his if you do know his account number and routing number.
OK. How long will it take to get him the money and what is the fee?
the money will transfer instantaneously with a wire transfer and there is a ten percent charge for that transfer.
OK.
And you want the account number of his account? OK.
Yes sir. I'll need his account number and I'll need his routing number.
OK.
To process that.
OK. I've got that information right here. do you
All right, sir. if you can go ahead and verify your first and last name and date of birth for me, please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A H. Five twelve nineteen sixty, is my birthday.
All right. Thank you sir, and can I get the account number for your account please?
My account number that I want to use is, two zero nine zero two one eight four two zero.
All right. Thank you sir. And I will just need you to verify the answer to this security question. What was the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
All right. Thank you mister Thomas I've verified that information. now that account number that you gave me that is the same account number that you would wish to transfer from. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right and you said your son is in Oklahoma? So this will be a domestic transfer?
Yes.
All right.
Now if you can please give me your sons bank account number.
Three one one two one five seven five one four.
All right. Thank you mister Thomas I've got that, and his routing number on that account please.
Seven seven one three seven three five six three.
All right. Thank you I've got that, and how much are you wanting to wire into his account today?
Eight hundred dollars.
All right, sir.
I've got that for eight hundred dollars and zero cents to wire from your account into your sons account in Oklahoma. Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right I'll go ahead and get that processed for you.
OK. That that is processed and that money should be available in your sons account immediately, but we do ask you give it up to ten minutes for us.
OK. I appreciate it.
Absolutely mister Thomas and then just so you're aware I mentioned earlier there is a eight dollar charge on that for your fee.
OK. I thought you said it was ten percent. That would be eighty dollars, wouldn't it?
Yes sir I'm sorry I read that wrong it is a eighty dollar fee I apologize. and you will see that on your on your statement. Just so that there are no surprises for you when that comes.
OK. That sounds good.
How's your day going so far?
my day's been pretty good mister Thomas Just getting to help people work through work through their banking issues. I enjoy it quite a lot.
That's good.
Well my son's gonna be happy with some new tires.
I can imagine. that's, that's something that is always enjoyable when you get new tires on your car.
Be a lot safer too.
Oh absolutely.
All right sir. Well is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well if you will hang on the line after we're disconnected, there will be a brief survey for you to let us know how we did today and how we can improve our customer service for the future and I do thank you for calling Intellibank customer services, and if there is nothing else I can assist you with today I will let you enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
All right. Thank you. You have a good day as well.
Thank you too sir. Have a good afternoon.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cassie. How may I assist you?
Hi Cassie. I'm calling because I received this offer by email about receiving two hundred and fifty dollars when you open a new checking account with you guys.
Oh sure. OK. I'd be glad to help you with that. So, in that email, there should be an invitation code. If you could provide me with that invitation code please.
yeah sure. Hang on.
No problem.
having a little trouble finding it. Hang on. Let me look in my in my junk mail here. I think I might of deleted it by accident. Let me check one other place OK? I'm sorry. I don't think I have it any longer.
Oh. That's OK. lets see. Can you provide me with the city and state you're calling from?
Yeah. I live in Red Valley, Utah.
OK. One moment here.
Yeah. No problem. Take your time.
OK. So, you would like to open a new checking account with us and take advantage of that two hundred and fifty dollar promotion.
Yes. Definitely.
OK. I can definitely help you with that. I will need to obtain some information from you in order to open that account. Can I please have your full name and date of birth?
Yeah. My name is Abigail Lynn Moody. That's M as in Mary. O O D Y. And my date of birth is June second of nineteen eighty-three.
Perfect. Thank you. And Abigail, can you please provide me with your social security number?
You know I don't really feel comfortable giving that out. Is that gonna be required?
It is, yes. If you don't wish to provide that now over the phone, you can always go into a Intellibank branch and meet with a personal banker to set up the new checking account.
And I can provide you with the location closest to you.
No. even though I'm not comfortable with this, I guess it's OK. Alright fine. my social is. Are you ready?
Yes ma'am.
It's four nine three zero eight two one five six.
OK. Thank you for providing that. And you would like to open a checking account. Would you also like to open a savings account?
Mm. No. I think I'll just start with the checking account for now.
Sure. OK. So, we do need to put a security question on the account here. That can be a mother's maiden name, a pet's name, the street you grew up on.
Let me go ahead and do my pet's name.
OK. And what is the pet's name?
it's Crickets. That's C as in Charlie, R I C K E T S.
Crickets. That's cute OK. Perfect. Bare with me just a moment here while I get this account set up.
Yeah no problem. Please take your time. I've got word salad today.
OK. Let's see. So, your checking account is open effective now. I do have some information to give you, including your new checking account number.
Oh OK. Do you mind holding for just a minute? I've got to go grab a pen.
Oh. No problem.
OK. Hang on. OK Cassie. Are you still there?
Yes ma'am.
OK. I've got one and I am ready.
OK. Your checking account number is three three one two zero seven eight seven nine.
OK. Awesome. I've got that. Thank you.
So, I would like to send you an email with some important information regarding your account, for your records.
OK.
So what is your email address Ms. Moody?
it is A as in apple and then my last name, so M O O D Y. Then, the number six two eight one at Gmail dot com.
OK. Perfect. So, be on the lookout for that. It'll have some helpful information for you.
OK.
And Ms. Moody, I would like to tell you a little bit about that new checking promotion.
OK. Yeah.
So, after your first three deposits of more than one hundred dollars, you will receive one hundred dollars. Following that, with your next three deposits of more than one hundred dollars, you will receive the remaining one hundred and fifty dollars.
Oh OK.
Now in order to qualify for those two bonuses totaling two hundred and fifty dollars, you will have to maintain a balance of at least one hundred dollars.
Oh OK. OK.
And in order to avoid a monthly service fee of twelve ninety-five, you will have to maintain that minimum balance of one hundred dollars.
OK.
If you do not maintain a minimum balance of one hundred dollars, you will be charged that monthly service fee of twelve ninety-five. And you will not be eligible for that new account bonus of two hundred and fifty dollars.
Oh OK.
So, in that email I am sending you, there are two documents you will need to sign. You can either sign them in electronically or you can take them in to your local branch and sign them there.
OK. That sounds pretty easy.
The first document you will be signing is a new account form. Please sign and date that today and get that to us either by email or in person as soon as possible please. And the second document is just some information about our privacy practices. That's mostly for your information, but we do need that signed and returned as soon as possible as well.
OK. Sure. I can do that.
Alright. So with your new checking account, we'll be issuing you a debit card. So if you can provide me with your mailing address where I can have that card sent.
Yeah. It is five eight zero Old Oak Road, Tacoma, Washington nine eight zero one two.
OK.
And then how quickly do you think I might be able to get my card?
Sure. Hold on. Just a second ma'am. OK. Thank you for that. So, that debit card will ship out tomorrow and it should arrive by Friday at the latest.
Oh. Awesome. OK. That's pretty fast.
Hold on just a second ma'am. Yes ma'am. And if you would like to take advantage of our online banking platform, including free bill pay services please visit us at WWW dot Intellibank dot com slash new member services.
OK.
And a link to that website will also be included in that email I'm sending you.
OK. Great. Thank you.
Yeah. You're so welcome. Was there anything else I could help you with Ms. Moody?
No, not at this time. I think you you've covered it all.
Thank you. OK. Well, welcome to Intellibank. We look forward to servicing all your personal banking needs. You have a wonderful day ma'am.
Thank you. You too.
Goodbye now.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kimberly. How can I help you?
Yes, hi. Good evening.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
My name is Anastasia Hoffman and I need to check my account balance, please.
OK. Well before I can pull up your account, I do need some information from you. You said your name is Ms. Hoffman?
Yes. It is.
It's Ms. Hoffman.
OK.
Thank you Ms. Hoffman. would you be able to please confirm your date of birth for me, please?
Oh, sure. My date of birth is oh three one two seventy-eight.
Thank you and can I get your security question please? so can you go ahead and use your first one here? what is your mother's maiden name?
Which which one?
it's Petrov.
And her first name?
Margarita. .
Thank you. OK and do you happen to have your account number with you?
You know. Yes, I think I do. Yes. Oh, here it is.
Four four three two one zero nine seven eight.
Thank you and is this a checking or a savings account?
It's a savings account. I actually opened it up to help my son.
So that's why I noticed the balance is not the same balance that I think it should be.
OK, very good. All right. I have your account pulled up here ma'am and you said it's not the balance that it should be. did you happen to make any withdrawals or anything that you aren't, you know, recognizing? Maybe you you used your card. Did you give your card to your son?
You know yeah I think I did but just one time and then he gave it back.
Was that recently?
That was about two weeks ago.
Two weeks ago. OK. So what did you notice? Was this on the account? are you noticing something that maybe is not.
It is a two-hundred and fifty dollar difference.
OK. about what date was that? I see a couple of large different transactions here.
OK so was about three weeks ago?
Three weeks ago.
Yes.
About two or three weeks ago. Is what it was.
OK. All right so I am looking here and is this the only account that you notice some discrepancies on?
Oh, yes. Cuz that's why this is the only one I opened for him and then I I. This is the only one I let him use the card one time.
OK.
Is there a lot of mistakes or is there a lot of withdrawals in this account cuz I'm not I'm not seeing it on my end.
And did you happen to go online and see this?
Yes.
That's how I knew that there was a little bit of a difference on what I thought I should have in there and what is in there.
Perfect! Well, I'm glad to hear that you have access for our online account so you've obviously got very proficient with that. You know that how easy it and convenient it is for you to do that. So the only thing that I can see here is this one for ABC Distributing. Are you familiar with that company?
No. I don't have any dealings with them. Who are they?
I'm not too sure, ma'am. It's it just looks like a retail thing
and.
How much is that for?
That was two hundred.
And fifty.
So that's my difference right there at. That's my. Is that my discrepancy?
Well is that the amount that you think that you're.
Just give us. Yes just about that much.
OK. Well, then that's the only thing here I see, ma'am. Other than that I just see your normal deposit fund in here.
OK.
All right. All right. So you can you've been most helpful. At least you helped me. Do you have a? Is Is there a number on there that I can call these people?
Yes. Give me just a moment and I will pull that up for you and then I could give you that information. if you'd like I can also walk you through how you can setup a dispute for this online if you are interested in doing that.
Well, I wanna setup the dispute but I also want to setup a dispute with my son.
well, I can that unfortunately I'm unable to assist you with. but if you're online right now, do you. If you go up to the top you see where it says account services.
Uh-huh, yeah I see that.
OK. So when you click on that it opens up different options for you.
OK. Just give me a minute. Give me a minute.
OK cuz I'm not one hundred percent computer savvy here.
Not a problem.
OK so. OK, I clicked it up. I see. I see here that it opened up.
OK. So you're gonna go to the one where it says transaction disputes.
OK. Let's see. All right.
That should be very off to the right.
OK. Here we go. OK I see it. I see it. So just click on it?
OK.
Yes.
OK.
OK. I did.
OK. So once you're ready to setup a dispute on it when you click start dispute, it's going to send you a PIN number.
Mhm.
Oh, OK. On my phone or?
OK.
To.
Your phone.
Oh, OK. OK.
And.
Then you'll just put that four digit PIN number in there and then it'll pop out another little box for you that's gonna be a chatbox and somebody will come online in a few moments and then they'll be able to assist you with setting that up.
Uh-huh.
OK cool So so I I can go I can always just go back into my account when I'm ready to do this after I've spoken to my son.
OK.
mhm.
Because you know I. If this people. If he would have that he bought something from them, it's not their fault that he didn't do what he was not supposed to do.
So I wanna make sure and clear that out first.
Sure. Not a problem. Understood. OK so do you have your pen and paper ready? I'll give you that number for that company.
OK?
OK.
OK. I'm ready.
All right.
So ABC Distributing, it's gonna be one eight hundred three two five.
Mhm.
Three six four six.
So three six four six?
Yes, ma'am.
OK.
I got that.
OK. So is there anything else I can help you with today in regards to this account?
No. You were most helpful. Thank you so very much. I appreciate all your help yes this is good. This is good. Thank you so much.
All righty.
Well, again my name is Kimberly and thank you so much for calling us at at Intellibank, Miss Hoffman you have a great day.
Uh-huh.
You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
Good morning. Intellibank, this is Amanda, how may I help you?
Yes, this is Jennifer Johnson. I haven't been getting any of my bank statements emailed to me or mailed to me.
OK, well what's your full name and your date of birth?
Jennifer Johnston and my birthday is eight six two thousand.
OK Jennifer, do you know your account number?
No, I'm sorry I don't know it.
OK, that's OK. What about a driver's license or an ID number?
I have an ID number. I can get that for you if you can just wait one minute.
OK, I'll wait. You go ahead.
OK I got my ID number.
OK, what's the number?
It's E nine seven seven one eight nine nine.
OK, that's E nine seven seven one eight nine nine.
Yes, that's right.
OK and what's the last four digits of your Social Security number?
It's six nine one nine.
OK, that's six nine one nine right?
Yes.
OK. Could you answer your security question for me?
Yes.
OK, what was the name of your first pet?
Georgie.
OK and could you verify the address for me?
Yes. It's four nine seven Redwood Lane Richmond Virginia six two one nine three.
OK, well it looks like that's the same one we have on file for you.
Yes, I may need to change my email address.
OK, were you set up to receive our E statements?
Yes, I think so.
OK, let me check on that for you.
OK.
OK, well it looks you are signed up for our E statements so that's probably why you haven't been receiving any of them in the mail.
OK, what's the email address you have for me?
OK, it's Jennifer Johnson all lowercase eight two zero zero zero at Gmail dot com.
That's the problem. That's the wrong email address.
OK, well no problem. We can change that for you. let's see, what's the correct email address?
It's Jennifer Johnston but both jays are capital. Eight six two zero zero zero at Gmail dot com.
OK, let me read that back for you. That's Jennifer Johnston with both J's capital and eight six two zero zero zero at Gmail dot com.
Yes, that's right.
OK, are you signed up for our online banking?
No, I don't think so.
OK, well I can help you sign up for that today. you can change any of your personal info and you can actually check on that through our online banking. Plus you can check your balance and your transactions any time you want to. You can make mobile deposits. You can set up bill payments. Do you think that would be something you would like to do today?
Yes. Can I sign up online myself?
Yes. You can download our app on your phone or if you want to you can go to our website.
If you have an app, I can just download it.
OK, well it's called Intellibank for all.
OK.
Cuz all you need to do is create an account and then you'll need to enter your account number. And I can give that to you now if you want it.
Yes.
OK, are you ready?
Yes.
OK, it's eight zero zero zero nine five five seven nine three three three.
OK that's eight zero zero zero nine five five seven nine three three three.
Yes, that's right.
OK, thank you.
Is there anything else that I could help you with today?
No that's all.
OK Jennifer, well you have a great day.
You too.
All right. Bye bye.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. How may I help you today, sir?
Yeah, good morning. I'm calling in of my account. there are some changes I want to make to my accounts.
Hello.
I want to update my billing address.
OK, if I can hear you correctly, you. You are one of our customers who wants to update his billing account. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, thank you. Sir, thank you for calling. Please, can I have your details? Your first and last name, sir?
My name is Andrew Gee.
Andrew.
Andrew Gee.
Andrew Gee. Gee. How do you spell the Gee?
G
G E E.
G double E. OK. Andrew Gee. OK, what is your account number?
OK. My account number is one, seven.
One, seven.
Four, two.
Four, two.
Eight, one.
Eight, one.
Seven, four, three.
Seven, four, three. OK. Andrew. Please, can you hold on, please?
OK.
OK. Can I have your account. Last four digits of your socials.
OK. Forty-seven, eighty-five.
Forty-seven, eighty-five. OK. OK. Four, seven, eight, five. OK. Now you have to say your we need your. Hold on, hold on. Hold on while I check what else, sir, please?
Hello, are you there?
OK, yeah. Yeah. In. Now. OK, yeah, security questions says in what city were you born?
Arizon~.
Arizon~. OK, sir. So what do you want us to activate now? Do you want us to switch?
like I said earlier, I want to change my billing address.
Your building address includes your location, your ZIP code, your city. You know, your address, so go ahead and tell us what you would like us to change.
The billing address. Just my street address.
Nice. Street address. OK. The street address is previously what?
New York City.
What's the street? that is the town, not the street address.
OK. Le Parc Avenue.
the street number?
Four, four, two.
Oh, four, two Le Parc Avenue. New York City. OK. Might I have the ZIP code?
Three, seven Four, one, eight.
Three, seven, four, eight. Please hold as while we run some checks.
OK.
While we are do you want to talk to us about any other thing sir? You wanted to talk to us about any other thing sir?
Yeah. Please, can you help me to check my account balance?
Your account balance, at this time, is touching nine thousand dollars two hundred and eighty-nine point eleven cents.
Is that correct?
Yes, that's nine thousand dollars plus.
OK, OK, OK.
I think that is good. please, please, please. So what I was saying about a changing of address.
Yeah, I would like to send. Sorry, sorry.
How long will it take?
How long will it take for you to update the billing address?
I've already done it, sir. In the next one hour the change will facilitate that. And whenever you try to make payment from your account henceforth you need to input the new address specifically as it was mentioned in this call.
So do you understand?
Yeah, I do. OK. That's good.
Do you want to talk to us about anything else, sir?
Yeah, I'd like to to change my credit card. Can you do that immediately?
Change. You mean you are applying for a new
For a new
Credit card.
OK. How would you want us to bill you for this, sir?
Bill it to the new address.
In terms of paying for the card. The card costs fifteen dollars.
That is no problem, you can take the charge from the account.
OK, sir. Hold on. Hold on while I record this order. Hold on, sir. Are you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
OK. A minute, please. one second.
Hello, Mr. Moore?
Yeah, hello?
Are you there?
Yeah.
OK. We just sent out an order to facilitate the delivery of the credit card to your location, sir. so in the distant time say, three to four hours, you will get a knock on your door but the delivery man. OK?
OK, that's good. I think that that will be all for now.
So any other thing you want to talk to us about sir?
Are you sure, sir?
Very sure.
OK, do have a nice day, sir.
Yeah, thank you very much.
Mhm.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. My name is Steven. How can I assist you?
yeah. My wife she's been writing checks like crazy. And. And. I just need to to find out how we stand with our checking account.
Well certainly I can assist you with that. Can I have your full name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you sir. And can I have your date of birth?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And the last four of your social please?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you for that information. I'll go ahead and pull up your account here. And I do see you have the extra security on your account. So can I have you answer the security question? What was the name of the street that you grew up on?
Magnolia Street.
All right. Thank you for verifying that for me Mister Thomas. I've got your account pulled up here and I do see that there have been quite a few checks processed recently. And I am seeing a a current balance in your account of negative one hundred and thirty-six dollars and eleven cents.
she she's been writing so many checks she's putting us in the hole. I'll be. What am I gonna do now? And and I guess. I guess I've been getting hit with penalties and fees and all that stuff too.
yes sir. I'm I'm very sorry for the inconvenience that this has caused. I I do understand your frustration with the situation. from what I can see it looks like you've only been charged one overdraft fee. so I can tell you that if you were to bring that balance back above zero by the end of the day. you will not be getting any more fees associated with this.
OK. I can I can do that. I I've got a savings account with you. is there any way you can waive that fee for me?
Give me just one moment sir. Let me put you on hold and ask my supervisor if I can waive that fee for you.
OK.
All right if you'll hold on the line for just one moment.
All right Mister Thomas are you still with me?
I am.
All right. I have asked my supervisor and he said that that yes I can waive that fee this this time as you are planning on rectifying the situation immediately. And And that I would also encourage you would. If you would like to be setup with online banking. where you can have alerts in case an issue like this were to arise in the future.
OK yeah that might be good.
All right sir I can certainly do that for you. Let me go ahead and take care of that transfer. I do see your savings account that you have with us. And it looks like there is an available balance there of nine hundred and sixty-two dollars and eleven cents. would you like to use a portion of that balance to rectify the negative balance on your checking account?
yes let's do Let's transfer three hundred dollars.
Absolutely sir. I have got three hundred dollars to transfer from your savings account into your checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right sir. I've got that processing for you. And you should see that money become available in your checking account minus any fees or other costs associated with the negative balance. the the overdraft fee will be reversed but that may take up to five business days for that to take place. so just be aware when you do see this money posting to your checking account it will be lower than the amount that you might have expected.
OK. I guess I'm gonna have to take the checkbook away from the wife.
I understand that sir. now let me go ahead and pull up the screen to get you set up with online banking.
OK. That sounds good.
All right. If you can verify the email address for you.
D Thomas at A B C dot com.
All right sir. And is that what you would like any messages or communication about your online banking service sent to?
Yes please.
Certainly I can do that and I've I've got a username and a temporary password for you if you'd like to write those down.
OK I'm ready.
All right sir your username is doing to be D Thomas T H O M A S and then the number zero zero three.
OK.
And your temporary password is going to be capital P one four capital T capital H seven.
OK. I've got that written down.
All right sir and so all you need to do is go to the Intellibank dot com homepage. And in the top right hand corner there will be a section for you to provide your login details. And at your first login it will prompt you to create your own unique passcode.
OK. Sounds good!
All right sir. Well again I apologize for the inconvenience of the situation. and. But I am glad that I was able to get that fee reversed for you. and if there's nothing else that I can do for you you can have a wonderful rest of your afternoon.
OK. That sounds great. You've been a big help. And I appreciate it.
Thank you for letting me know that sir. You have a wonderful day.
All right thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Michelle. How can I help you today?
yes hi I would like to see about an account please.
All right, sir. So you wanna look into your account at this bank? Do you have account here?
No I don't an account there.
Oh.
So you would like open a new account at this bank?
Yes I would please.
OK sir, just one moment.
All right.
I'll need to get a little bit of information from you to set this up.
OK.
OK can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. My my name is Niles Miller.
Niles, could you spell that for me please?
N I L E S.
Niles Miller. All right Mr. Miller can I have your date of birth?
Yes. Eleven eight nineteen seventy-four.
Eleven eight nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
All right sir.
Could I get your home address including city, state and ZIP code please?
Yes. twenty-two twenty-three North Frank street Peoria, Illinois six one six oh three.
OK, that's twenty-two twenty-three North Frank Street in Peoria, Illinois.
Yes.
Yes.
All right sir could you would you like a phone number listed?
Yes.
All right could you give me that number please?
yes area code eight seven two three nine eight three seven zero six.
All right that number was eight seven two three nine eight three seven zero six.
Yes.
All right can I have your full social security number please?
yes my social security number is nine one five six six nine six sorry six eight nine four.
All right you have the number is nine one five six six eight nine one four.
no it's six six nine four.
Six six nine four.
All right sir so would you like to open a savings or checking account?
Savings please.
OK sir we offer two different types of savings accounts for new members.
OK.
First of all we have a start a new member account. It's called a new member plus. There is no maintenance fees for that one and there's no minimum balance, and there is a one percent interest rate on savings so after a while it builds up slowly but you know there's no there's no minimum amount that you have to deposit, you could deposit within the next five to ten days.
OK.
And the second account is a new member plus savers with a two percent interest rate that does come with a ten dollar a month maintenance fee as well of a you have to maintain a minimum balance of five hundred dollars. But with the extra interest rate that's why we have that requirement.
OK, I will take the plus saving.
All right, sir. So you want the new members plus savers. All right. Let me ago ahead and process your information and set up that account for you. It'll be just one moment.
Yes.
All right thank you.
All right sir I've set up that account for you you will get a new member package in the mail at the address we have on file. Which was two two three North Frank street in Peoria, Illinois. that should be sent out to you within the next twenty-four hours, so you should have it within the next five. You could either come to the branch and make a deposit or I could have some provide you a little information about setting up online banking that way you could just you know set up a direct deposit or you know process that payment online.
OK. That's good right there
All right sir well for online banking once you get that package in the mail it'll have all your information on your account. What you do is you go our member site. I'll also send that information, but I'll give you a little bit now it's pretty straightforward, you go to our member site at Intellibank dot com Their going to be on the home page, two tabs the farthest tab in the right corners gonna tell you is gonna offer online banking. You click on that tab it'll go to the process screen, you'll go through the steps.
You'll go through the steps and then once you set that up you'll be able to just set up a direct deposit and get all your information from your account online.
OK, that sounds good. Everything's so I hope your day go good today.
Oh yes it's pretty good so far. I hope your's does too.
All right, thank you.
So you ready for the so you ready for the winter?
Oh, yes sir I sure am.
I'm ready for it to be over with once it starts.
I'm ready for it to get started.
About my time I'll be ready for Christmas so that's what I've got to worry about.
Oh man, I'm looking forward to that.
Well sir is that all for you today?
Yes.
All right, thank you so much Mr. Miller for your time and patience and again my name is Michelle. Look for that information in the mail in the next five days.
All right thank you.
OK, enjoy the rest of your day sir.
You too.
Thank you bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I need some help please I am trying to do a wire transfer to send some money to a friend.
OK, I could certainly help you with that. bear with me just one moment just have to ask you a few questions to get into your account and start the transfer. what is your first and last oh I'm sorry. You told me your first name's Kim what's your last name and your date of birth?
sure. It's John's J O H N S and the date of birth is April twenty fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Alright. Thank you so much and also what is the the account number that you would like to make the wire transfer from?
OK I'd like to make that from my checking account and bear with me for one moment. I thought I had that right in front of me.
Sure, no worries. Take your time.
OK. Hold on for one second for me.
Sure.
OK Rose are you still there?
I am.
OK. Thanks so much for holding. Sorry about that.
No worries.
OK my account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much and I have to ask you a security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
All right. Thank you so much. and what is the withdrawal amount that you would like to transfer?
Five hundred dollars even please.
OK. and do you have the account number that we are transferring this to?
yes I do. I have the account number it is actually he uses Intellibank as well and his name is David Bowen B O W E N.
Did you mean Intellibank?
Oh yes I'm sorry I meant he uses Intellibank too. We we have the same bank.
Oh OK no worries you do know there is an Intel bank as well so I just wanted to be sure that we were talking about the same one.
Oh no. I didn't even realize. Thank you.
Yeah.
A lot of people make that mistake. It's OK it's no worries at all. all right so we're transferring to David Bowen's account
And.
Yeah, without an S.
B. B O W E N.
Oh, just Bowen. OK, Not plural. All right.
Right.
And I have
His account number.
OK. I would also need the routing number as well.
I don't have the routing number. I guess I assumed since we're under the same bank that it would be the same. I do have his account number. but I didn't get a routing number.
Sure. It's no worries. I could look that up but I'm ready for the account number whenever you are.
OK.
OK great. It's seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
All right and we are transferring it to Mr. Bowen. Account. His account is going to receive five hundred dollars even.
Correct?
Yes.
Yes, and when the transfer goes through, about how long does that take for it to show up in his account?
it's immediate generally it doesn't take more than thirty seconds. It's a really quick process.
Oh. Great.
Awesome. OK, thanks.
You're totally welcome. All right. Bear with me just a few moment with Ms. John so I can set this transfer up. One moment.
No worries. How's your day been going?
Oh it's been great. Thank you so much for asking. What about yours?
It's been going really great. I I been enjoying the weekend. Thank you very much.
I tell you this weather I am so happy that it is finally breaking. It has been exceptionally hot this year. I'm in Myrtle Beach so you know you would think with that ocean air that it would just be nice and cool you know in the evenings but no it's been stifling like seriously I I would feel like you know I'm taking my evening walk and it felt like someone was blowing a hot air conditioner into my mouth.
Yes.
Oh my goodness.
You know. It's pretty hard to try to exercise in that kind of weather.
Yes.
I'm so happy that it's almost fall I mean for here we really don't have a whole lot of change in the season. It's pretty much warm year round but I mean it is cooling off now and I am ever so grateful.
Oh that's wonderful.
Yes ma'am. All right Ms. John just wanted to let you know that that wire transfer has finished. It's completed. and you should be receiving a confirmation from me in your email in about thirty seconds. If you don't mind checking that and let me know that you received it.
OK.
yes I did get that. I saw the notification come across the top of my phone.
OK fabulous and would you like any further information about online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future.
no that's OK. I'll go online and check it out. I really appreciate your help today.
You are very welcome Ms. Johns and as part of Intellibank I just want to let you know we really value your loyalty and your business. And I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Thanks hon, you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good morning Intellibank. This is Amanda how many I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnston. I wanted to see if my direct deposit came through today. Actually I need help finding an ATM. I've been driving around everywhere looking for one. I came to North Carolina to see my sister but I can't find an Intellibank ATM anywhere. Can you help me?
Yeah sure. I know that we do have some located in North Carolina let's see if we can find any that's close to you. OK and what is your full name?
OK thanks.
It's Jennifer Johnston and my birthday is eight six two thousand in case you need it.
OK do you know what the address is for where you're trying to find an ATM?
I'm not sure. Oh yeah. I know what is. It's eight one two twenty-fourth street. Winston-Salem, North Carolina three three eight one six.
That's OK. What about your sister's address. Do you know what that is?
OK that's eight one two twenty-fourth street Winston-Salem, North Carolina three three eight one six right? OK give me just a minute and I'll see what the closest ones are to that address for you.
Yes.
OK.
How's the weather been there?
It's been kinda cold here lately.
It's been too hot here I'm ready to go home.
OK it looks like I've found a couple ATMs for you Jennifer. Are you ready for those addresses?
Yes I'm ready.
OK the first one is only zero point eight miles from your sister's address. OK and it's seven one two twenty-eighth street Winston-Salem.
OK it's seven one two twenty-eighth street Winston-Salem?
Yes.
OK.
Alright so you got that one right? OK and the next one is one point three miles away and it's located at nine two zero sixty west Winston-Salem.
Yes.
OK nine two zero sixty west Winston-Salem. OK great. Thank you.
Yeah. That's right.
OK there is a couple more too if you'd like those.
No that should be enough.
OK is there anything else that you need help with today?
Yes could you tell me if my deposit came through today?
Oh yes. OK let's see. What is your account number?
It's eight zero zero zero two seven six five nine three.
OK that's eight zero zero two seven six five nine three. OK. let's see. Could you answer your security question for me? OK and what's your mother's maiden name? OK thank you. did you just wanna know your most recent deposit?
Yes.
Yes.
Parsons.
Yes.
OK well it looks you had a deposit come through today. A direct deposit for nine hundred twenty-three dollars and sixty-two cents.
OK great. Thank you.
OK so is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes actually. What's the maximum daily limit I can withdraw from an ATM.
from an ATM you can withdraw up to four hundred dollars daily.
OK do I have a daily spending limit on my account?
let me take a look at that for you Jennifer.
OK.
well it looks like you have a thousand dollar daily daily spending limit set up on your account for security purposes just in case someone were you know, happened to steal your bank information. but you can request for that limit to be removed at any time on any certain day. So if you think that you might be spending more then all you would have to do is let us know and we could remove that for you.
Well I might want to remove that limit today. I'm at my sister's and we were gonna do some early Christmas shopping.
OK well, no problem. I can do that for you. so well. OK let me go ahead and take that off. But if you would happen to need it again all you have to do is give us a call and any one of us could also remove that limit for you OK?
OK thank you.
OK so is there anything else I could help you with today?
I think that's all.
Alright. Well it looks like you're all set and your limit is taken off until this time tomorrow.
OK thank you.
Alright. Well you have a great day Jennifer. Alright thank you. Bye bye.
You too.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Amy. How can I help you?
Yes. My name is Alisha. I would like to close my account.
OK Ms. Alisha. I'm sorry to hear that that you would like to close your account. May I ask the reason why?
I will no longer need my account because I will be joining bank accounts with my husband.
OK Ms. Alisha.
I understand and I will be happy to help you. I'm just going to need additional information to verify your account.
Yes, I'm not too thrilled to close my account. But I did promise my husband that I would have a joint account with him.
I understand and I'm sorry to hear that.
But let's get this information. May I have your first and last name and date of birth?
Yes, it's Alisha Thomas. Date of birth is November twenty, nineteen eighty-five.
Thank you. May I have your address and phone number please?
Yes, my address is twenty-four twenty south Ramona Circle Tampa Florida three three six one two. My phone number's eight one three three six nine one nine eight six.
Thank you. I will need the email on file and your mother's maiden name.
My email address is Thomas dot Alisha at Yahoo dot com.
My mother's maiden name is Brown.
Thank you. the account number of the account we're closing and the reason we're closing the account?
The account number is three two seven eight two eighty-four ninety and the reason I no longer no longer need the account.
OK, Ms. Alisha. Thank you. Are we going to be depositing and money to any new accounts?
Yes, I will be depositing money into my husband's account.
Great. What type of account is it? And I will need the routing number and the account number.
the account would be a savings account. The routing number it's four six four nine eight eight four. The account number is six two four five six seven eight.
Thank you Ms. Alisha. I'm going to verify your information to make sure I have everything correct. Your first name is Alisha, last name is Thomas. Your date of birth is November twentieth nineteen eighty-five.
Your address is twenty-four twenty South Ramona Circle Tampa Florida three three six one two.
Phone number's eight one three three six nine one nine eight six.
Email on file is Thomas dot Alisha at Yahoo dot com.
Your mother's maiden name is Brown. The account number you're closing is three two seven eighty-two eighty-four ninety. New account number that we'll be depositing money in is a savings account.
The routing number is four six four nine eight eight four.
And account number is six two four five six seven six. Ms. Alisha is all that information I provided correct?
Yes, everything sound correct. But I will also would like to know what is my balance on my account.
Sure, I can help you with that.
Just give me one moment to look up your information.
OK. Your balance in your account is a thousand dollars. Is that the amount we're going to transfer to the new account?
Ms. Alysha?
Yes, please.
OK, Ms. Alysha. May I have a few minutes to pull up your information to close your account and deposit your money to the new account?
Yes, take your time.
Thank you Ms. Alysha for holding. So good news. I closed your account ending with eighty-four ninety.
A email will be sent to you confirming the information I provided that your account is closed.
I also was able to transfer a thousand dollars to the new savings ending with five six seven eight.
That may take an hour or two to show up on your new account. Do you have any questions about the information I provided?
Yes, please.
And what is what information are you needing?
No thank you. Everything seems correct.
OK, so everything seems correct?
Great.
Would you like some information about our other banking products available?
No. Thank you. Thank you for help.
OK. Well thank you Ms. Alysha for being a customer at Intellibank.
And we appreciate your business. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. I think everything that I needed has been done. Thank you for your help.
Thank you have a great day. It was a pleasure speaking to you. Goodbye.
Bye. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name?
Yes, this is Monica Stevens.
Mkay Monica. How are you today?
I'm great, how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty good, pretty good. Just can't wait to get off work.
Oh, I know how that feel.
Right.
I know how that feel. Ooh!
Could I get your date of birth?
It's one one nineteen sixty.
MK. New Year baby.
Yes.
All right, and for security purpose, can I get your state ID or drivers license number?
OK.
P G one three three seven four eight.
OK Can I also get your email?
Yes. Organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Organic peach. OK there. Peach as in the fruit?
Yes.
MK. All righty, and how can I help you today?
I want to open up a. A new account.
OK.
I'm a open up a savings account.
OK.
And
I see that you have a checkings account with us.
Right. Right. And I wanna open up a savings account.
Can I get that checkings account number?
Yes. It's eight eight. Two two one zero zero four three five five nine eight.
All right. All right, let's get you ready for a savings account.
OK.
All right. You been enjoying your day lately?
Oh yes, oh yes.
OK, that's good. That's good.
Yes.
I'm not all that great about this weather. I like the cooler fall weather.
I'm. I'm hearing. I'm hearing the choir right there. I. This heat. I'm over it.
yep pretty much, we ready for the fall.
I am over it. Like the fall should never feel like summer.
No, no it shouldn't.
It should never feel like summer.
No, it shouldn't.
OK. Miss Stevens. I got you set up right now. And you have a pen and paper?
Yes, I do.
MK.
Your new account number.
All righty.
Will be zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK.
You will be getting that confirmation email It will have your right. Routing number and everything else in there. Do you want to put any money into this new account?
All righty.
Yeah, I'm a go ahead and put about three hundred in there to get it started and have some money in there.
OK.
And then you want to pull from the checking? OK. All right. Three hundred.
Yes.
Do you need my checking number again?
nah, I got it pulled up.
OK.
All right.
Sometimes the system takes a little while to update.
Right.
I I been waiting for and I'm, like you said, you over summer and I'm over summer and I love fall. My favorite time of the year is fall.
It's likewise. I'm born from fall.
Yeah it's. I love the rain. I love the smell. I I think last year we did have a a much of a fall. We did have fall. Cuz it's. Usually we don't have a fall. We get a lot of rain, and then we got snow. But last year I think we had a nice fall.
Yes.
Yeah, last year was definitely nice. I can definitely. We didn't have much of a winter. We didn't have much of a winter. Yeah. I'm thankful for that.
No, no, but we had a beautiful fall.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean. You know. This place. You don't see it. You don't see the leaves changing. They pretty much change and die. They. They. They fall off. And this time, I got to see the The season. The colors, and everything.
Right. Right.
Right.
That's good, that's good. That's the way you're supposed to see fall.
Right. Right.
Well, Ms. Stevens, it seems like we got a transfer into your new savings account. your remaining balance of your savings is five thousand. Eight hundred twenty-seven.
All righty. Perfect.
OK.
Oh, OK. Perfect.
Yeah and again, you're. You're update with the online? And the route? OK, OK. All right.
Yes, yes.
All righty. We
You can connect your new account. It should pop up. On your app. When you log in next time. So you should be completely fine. Anything else, Miss Stevens?
Oh, OK.
No.
That's about it.
All righty then. Well, you have a lovely day.
So, so do you. OK, you have a good one. Bye bye.
You, too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Well hi, Rose. My name is Kim. That's such a beautiful name. Rose. I love that.
Thank you so much. I was named after my great-grandmother.
That is an older name. I really like that.
Thank you. I love it, too. She is definitely a rose in my life, for sure.
That's cool.
That's awesome. Well, my name is Kim and I was calling actually to try to get some help locating an ATM near me.
Certainly, I can help you with that. I have to first start by asking you a few questions if you don't mind.
Sure.
can you tell me what your last name is, Kim?
Sure. It's Johns. That's J O H N S. And my date of birth is four twenty-four nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much, Kim. And can you please tell me the street address of where you're located?
Sure. My street address is forty-nine Holland Drive. and that's in Philadelphia, P A. I don't know if you need the ZIP code.
All right.
yes. I do need a ZIP code.
Sure. It's one nine zero one nine.
All right. Thank you so much. And bear with me just a few moments while I look up the closest ATM to you. OK?
Sure. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
You're very welcome, Kim. All right. Let's see here.
Are you guys having bad weather down there at all?
it's actually the beginning of our bad weather season. it's super hot. It's very, very muggy. So I call that bad weather. But we haven't actually received any storms yet. But those are gonna be.
Oh, OK.
Cuz you guys are located in Florida, right?
no. I am actually in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Oh, OK. OK.
Mhm.
Yeah. But you know whatever Florida gets we pretty much get too. So.
right. Right. receive the tail end of things.
Yes. If they're getting it, we are pretty much next in line after Georgia. All right. Let's see here. OK. So I was able to find an ATM next to you. do you have a pen to jot down the address?
yes, Rose. I'm ready. Thank you.
You're welcome. OK. So that would be thirty-seven twenty-nine Euclid Avenue and Did you need the ZIP code?
Yes, please.
bear with me just one moment. Sorry. My screen went blank here. OK. So that ZIP code would be one nine zero one nine.
Oh, OK. Great. So it's close.
Yeah, it's very close by. It looks like it's close enough to walk to actually.
Oh, wow. I wonder how I missed that? OK.
Yeah.
Oh, that's OK. I mean it's in kind of a you know that that shopping mall over there is is you know it's behind a bunch a trees. So, you know. I'm. I don't know why there's an ATM there but I guess for the convenience of the community. But it is kind of like hidden. You know if you don't know it's over there you wouldn't. How would you know the ATM was there?
Oh, OK.
I see. And is there. so is that? Is it just a standalone ATM or is there a branch there with it? Cuz I do need to to go into into the bank this this coming week actually.
no. This is just a standalone. It's not a branch. But I can help you find one. Bear with me just one second. Let me see.
OK. Great. Thanks.
What's.
Close to you.
So much for all your help.
You're very welcome. It's no worries at all. OK. Let's see here. OK. Kim, can you give me that address one more time?
Oh, sure. It's forty-nine Holland Drive. And that's in Philadelphia and that ZIP is one nine zero one nine.
Oh, OK. Thank you so much. OK. I was able to find one at three seven eight I'm sorry. Were you ready?
Oh, yeah. I'm ready.
OK. Three seven eight North Main Street. and that's the same ZIP code. but it looks like it's about ten miles from you.
OK. And I I I'm assuming thbye bye. Are they? What are their hours? Are they probably like just Monday through Monday through Friday?
Yes, ma'am. Monday through Friday and the hours are nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Thursday and then nine a.m. to six p.m. on Friday.
Oh, OK. Great. I got a lot. get a little extra time there on Friday. That works.
Yes. Yes. It's a our busiest day of the week and some people, you know takes them a little time to get there after work. So
Right.
We're open that extra hour to accommodate our customers.
OK. Well, thank you so much. I really appreciate it. while I have you is it possible to check my my account balance?
Mhm.
Certainly, certainly. And which account would you like to check? Your checking or savings?
my checking account, please.
All right. And can I have that account number, please?
hold on for one moment. Lemme go grab my checkbook.
Sure. Take your time.
OK. I have it right here.
All right. I'm ready.
OK. the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much. And the account balance on this account is six thousand three hundred and eleven dollars and seventy-eight cents.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome, Kim. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
I did wanna ask you for the for the ATM what is the daily withdrawal limit?
the daily limit here is five hundred dollars.
OK. Perfect.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Thank you so much. That's everything I needed.
Oh, you are most welcome, Kim. And I hope you are able to stay safe in this weather and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Thanks so much, hun. You too.
You're very welcome. Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day. Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Rachel. How may I assist you today?
Good morning. I'm calling because I want to transfer some money from my checking account to my son's checking account. His truck broke down and I'm out of town.
Oh no, bless his heart. I am so here it. I'm so sorry to hear about that. what is your name, first off?
I'm Mildred Pierce. P I E R C E.
OK. Thank you so much for that, Ms. Pierce. It's P I E R C E?
Yes Ma'am.
OK. And Ms. Pierce may I have your date of birth, please?
Yes Ma'am my birthday is February the fourth, nineteen eighty one.
OK. I have that as February the fourth, nineteen eighty one?
Yes Ma'am.
All right. Thank you so much for that information. Now may I have the last four digits of your social security number, please?
Yes. The last four are five nine six oh.
All right. I have five nine six zero.
That's correct.
OK. Great. Thank you so much. Now I do see that we also have a security question on file for you. And I have that as what is your maiden name?
Greene. G R E E N E.
May I check my balance first?
Absolutely Ms. Pierce. Now first what type of account is it you would like the check for?
Checking.
OK. I I was pretty sure about that but I just wanted to double check and make sure. Now, may I have your checking account number, please?
Zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK. I have that as checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes Ma'am.
All right. Thank you so much for that Ms. Pierce. I have your balance at eight thousand four hundred forty eight dollars and fifty nine cents.
Thank you.
are you ready for the transfer?
Absolutely.
Now you are withdrawing from your checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one? Is that correct?
Yes Ma'am.
OK. And for what amount?
For one thousand five hundred dollars. Have you ever had to replace your alternator?
Unfortunately I have. Actually a couple of times. I know those things can get quite expensive. And just to double check that was one thousand five hundred dollars you would like to transfer from your checking?
Yes ma'am.
Sure is. He's going to his cost of a repair is going to be nine hundred and fifty dollars. But going to send a little extra for a total of fifteen hundred dollars. He really is a good kid.
Aww, that is so sweet of you. OK. Now to finish up the transfer I'm gonna need a little bit of information about his account. first, may I have the routing number for his bank?
I'm sorry. I left the information in the other room. Can you hold on for a minute?
Absolutely. just let me know whenever you have that information and whenever you're back.
I have it.
OK. Wonderful. what is that routing number? It should be a nine digit number.
three eight seven five four two eight nine three.
OK. I have the routing number as three eight seven five four two eight nine three?
That's correct.
OK great. And what is his checking account number?
Oh oh one five three two nine two.
OK. That's checking account number zero zero one five three two nine two?
Yes Ma'am.
OK, great.
Now just to reverify everything one more time we are going to transfer fifteen hundred dollars from your checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one and we're sending that to your son and his routing number for his bank is three eight seven five four two eight nine three. Checking account number zero zero one five three two nine two. Is that correct?
Yes Ma'am.
OK, wonderful. I do have that transfer complete and he can access the funds immediately. and that will bring your balance to six thousand nine hundred forty eight dollars and fifty nine cents. Is there anything else I can help you with Miss Pierce?
No, ma'am.
You've been very helpful. Thank you.
Oh thank you so much, Ms. Pierce. Again my name is Rachel, and thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services, this is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes this is Dan Thomas and I need to close my savings account.
And then I need to transfer the remaining funds of my savings account to a checking account.
All right, Mister Thomas. I can certainly help you with that if you can go ahead and verify your full name and date of birth for me.
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
And my birthdate is five twelve nineteen sixty.
All right. Thank you Sir. And can I get your debit card number if you have one?
And the last four of your social security?
debit card is two six six nine four zero seven seven. Three five six five. One zero nine three. And the last four of my social security number is eight zero one one.
Thank you, sir. And then the security question on your account is your mothers maiden name.
Green. G R E E N.
Thank you.
All right. And you're wanting to close your savings account, is that correct?
That's correct.
All right. Can I ask why you're wanting to close out your savings account today?
I really don't use it and I don't get very much interest off of it. So I just don't have any need for it anymore.
Certainly. Well I can understand that. if you could let me know the the account number for the savings account.
Two nine zero zero two one, eight four two zero. Wait a second. I I may have said that wrong. Let me. Let me give it to you again. Two zero nine zero two one, eight four two zero. I think that's the correct number.
And my checking number account is three one one two one five seven five one four.
All right. Thank you Mister Thomas. I've got those pulled up. and you said this is a checking account that you're wanting to deposit into. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, thank you. And can I get the routing number for your deposit account?
Four five six eight two four five three one.
All right Sir. I've got that pulled up and ready to go. And it looks like you had four hundred and ninety-six dollars and seventeen cents in your savings account today.
You wanted to go ahead and transfer the that full amount to your checking account?
Yes, please.
All right Sir. I've got that in the system and we'll go ahead and start that processing for you and you should see that balance available in your checking account by the close of business today.
I. It may take through till tomorrow though. But it should be available today.
OK. there's no fee associated with doing this, is there?
no Sir. There won't be any fee for closing your account today. And it looks like you have closed that savings account out before you will be charged the monthly service fee for it. if you do however see that fee on your statement give it a couple of days to refund it. And if it does not get refunded to you, go ahead and give us a call back just in case the system had had an issue with it. But you should not see that fee.
OK. That sounds great. You've been a big help.
Well I appreciate that Mister Thomas. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well if you'll hang on the line after we disconnect, there will be a brief survey. You can let us know how we did and how we can better service you in the future.
OK. You have a good day as well.
All right. Have a wonderful rest of your day, Mister Thomas.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Lori. How may I help you?
Hi, yes I am calling because I need to close my account and transfer all to my funds to a different account. That is a bank not with you. This is the third time I've called to fix this problem.
Oh, I'm so sorry about that.
I understand how frustrating that can be for you. can I start off by getting your first and last name?
Sure. It's Melissa Joseph.
OK Miss Melissa Joseph, what's your address?
It is fifteen oh one North East thirty-fourth court.
North East thirty-fourth court. And what city is that in, ma'am?
It's Fort Lauderdale, three three three three four.
Thank you for that information. And can I get your date of birth please?
Sure. February fourteenth, nineteen ninety-six.
Ooh, a Valentine's day baby. How exciting is that.
It can be at times but then sometimes it's a little too much.
Oh, I think that's a really cool birthday. Anyways, I either need your account number or your drivers license number. May I please have that information?
OK. Give me one second. I will have to go get it since I don't have my wallet on me. Pease hold.
Not a problem.
OK. Hello. I'm , I'm back. I have the information that you needed. I'm going to give you my drivers license number. It's J as in Joseph. Two eight two seven three nine nine six zero five four zero.
Sure, go ahead with that.
Mhm.
And that was J as in Joseph, two eight two seven three nine nine six zero five four zero?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Bare with me one second while I, my system uploads this information, please.
Sure. No problem.
Sorry about that ma'am. There seems to be running a little bit slow here today. So how are how are you doing this afternoon?
Well, if you could do this for me. I'll be a lot better since I've done this call three times and my issue has not been resolved yet.
I really do apologize. I, I do see here that you've called several times already this week.
What seems to be going on? What's the problem?
So, basically I have had fraud on my account three times and I have tried to get you guys to show me what it is and why this is happening. Since I have been the only with my checking account information, my credit card, everything.
And you know what I'm just tired of it. So, I just don't feel comfortable and I would like to close my account, please.
I understand your frustrations. I really don't know what to say about that. I apologize.
OK. Let me see what I can do for you here. OK.
by chance do you happen to have the account number of the account that you'd like to close out today?
Well, actually I don't. But I believe I might be able to do something else if I don't have that information?
Absolutely ma'am. Do you, do you happen to know your mothers maiden name? Your security question?
Sure. It's Weiss. It's W E I S S.
And that was W E I S?
two S's.
OK. Sorry about that ma'am. All right, and may I have the reason for the closure?
It's because there's fraud and you guys haven't fixed it when there is no fbye bye, there there's fraud and I'm not getting my money back because of it.
I see.
Not a problem. I just have to have a reason to write in the computer, ma'am. It's not problem at all.
I understand.
OK. And the type of account that we're going to be sending the money in to. Is it a checking account? A savings account?
It is my savings, please. From another bank.
Not a problem, ma'am. And the bank account and routing number of the account you would like me to transfer the balance in to?
OK.
The account number is four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero.
OK. That was four six zero one five two four four eight one two two?
No.
Everything was right. All the numbers except that last number. It wasn't two two, it was two zero. Jeez.
I apologize, ma'am.
So four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero?
Yes, ma'am.
Not a problem. And the routing number?
Eight four six six three two.
OK. Got it.
Eight four six six three two.
Yes.
All right. This transaction and closer wbye bye, closure will occur as of today, nine twenty-eight.
Anything else I can do for you?
I just want to make sure and so it will be closed and the money should be in my account by when? In my new account.
Oh, I do apologize ma'am.
You have a balance of one thousand five hundred and sixty-two dollars. That we are going to take from account number four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero and going to put in to account two three one eight four zero one one four five three zero?
No! Oh my God! How incompetent can you be? Listen, you're going to take the money from account number two three one eight four zero one one four five three zero and you're transferring it to my savings account number is four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero. Jeez, how many times do I have to tell you people this?
Oh, my gosh. I'm so sorry about that ma'am. I'm just getting over a cold. My ears are a little clogged here.
And I apologize about that too. But it's not my problem and I want this fixed right now.
I understand. OK, again.
We're going to be transferring one thousand five hundred and sixty-two dollars as of nine twenty-eight two thousand twenty-one in to account number four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero.
Mhm.
With a routing of number or eight four six six three two?
Yes! Finally.
I apologize again. I just want you to know that this transaction and closure will occur, again, as of today. Nine twenty-eight.
And as of now, your account is closed with us.
I appreciate your business. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. That will be it. Thank you.
Again, my name's Lori thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a nice day.
You too. Bye, bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Britney, how may I help you?
yes. I'm calling because I need to find a branch in my location.
OK. Can I have your first and last name?
Thomas Lane.
All right. And your date of birth, please?
February the thirteenth, nineteen eighty-two.
OK. All right, thank you. And your address that we have on file, please.
OK. Hold on.
OK. No problem. Take your time.
It may be OK, hold on.
OK.
It may be my old one. Four five three, South West Tenth Street or six hundred North Road thirty-two, Unit A.
Thank you. And for your security code, can I have your mother's maiden name, please?
Green.
OK. Thank you. So you stated that you would like to locate a branch, is that correct?
Yes, please.
OK. Can I have your street address, where you are inquiring?
Six. I meant two six eight, South West Thirty-fourth Street.
All right. And the city and state?
Sampson, North Carolina.
OK. One second. OK. And I do see that there are several ATMs near your location. There's a branch located on Twenty-third Avenue, two miles away. there's also a branch about one point three miles away from you on West East Boulevard.
OK.
All right. Oh! And also on N H Drive International about point three miles away. Would you like further information about how to find ATMs in your location using our online banking tool?
Yes, please. And thank you very much.
OK. So our online banking tool will allow you to find different locations for your bank. there is a section there where you can type in your ZIP code or maybe your street address and it'll just give you some more information. our online banking can assist you in find our branch hours. and you just go to Intellibank dot org. scroll down to the bottom if you create. If you click on create my online banking, then then that will be fine. Also. That'll be fine. Mhm.
Also, I would like to move money from one account to the other. I am planning a a trip to the park and I would like a view of the city. How you even been to Great. Have you ever been to Great Yellow Park?
Great Yellow Park, no, is it nice?
Yes. And the weather is beautiful. It's in California. Is the weather nice where you from?
Yes. It's pretty nice here. Thank you, for asking that. OK. So, would you like to make a transfer? is this an internal or external transfer?
Internal. It's from my checking to my savings account.
OK. I can help you with that transfer. What is the account number you would like to withdraw from and how much?
I would like to withdraw five thousand from my checking account. Number three nine nine seven five seven four and put it in my savings account, three oh five eight two nine five, please.
OK. So to confirm, you are transferring five thousand dollars from your checking ending in seven five seven four, to your savings ending in eight two nine five? Is this correct?
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. OK. So you do have a balance of three thousand five hundred in your checking account. And a balance of ten thousand three hundred in your savings account. would you like further information about setting up online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
No. That's it, thank you.
Oh! Was is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you.
OK. No problem. Well again, thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Britney. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Becky, how can I help you?
Yeah, I got another notice, Becky.
OK. Certainly, I can look into that for you. Can I please get your first and last name?
Yeah. It's Bob Robertson.
Thank you, Bob. Can I please get your date of birth?
It's January twelfth of eighty-seven.
OK. And can I please get your drivers license number?
Oh yeah. Let me get that out of my wallet. It's two oh three X X as in an X-ray, ninety-four fifty-three.
Thank you. looks like you have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
that would be orange.
Yes, that is correct.
OK. Can you please tell me a little bit more about this notice you received?
yeah it says something about raising your ATM fees again.
yes that is correct. We sent out a notice about four months ago informing you the customers about this increase.
Of course you did.
It is supposed to be effective October first of next year.
Well this is ridiculous. You guys have raised your fees more than once this year. I'm not paying for this. I wanna close my accounts.
I understand. Would you like to hear about some of our other options for your checking account? That can eliminate those potential fees?
Absolutely not.
Certainly. I can help you close your accounts today.
Can I please get your checking account number?
Yeah. My checking account number is fifty-three seventy-nine one zero seven.
OK. Thank you. Can I please get your savings account number?
Yeah. That's fifty-three seventy-nine one oh eight.
OK. Thank you . looks here that you have a checking account balance of five hundred seventy-nine dollars and one cent and it looks like your savings account balance is one-hundred twenty-seven dollars and five cents.
That's correct.
Are you wanting to transfer this to another institution?
Yes.
OK. Can I please get the routing number?
Yeah. The routing number is twelve eleven forty-eight eighty-three thirty-three.
OK. Thank you. And are you wanting to put both the checking and savings amount balances into a checking account with your new institution or two separate accounts?
If you could just put it into the checking that'd be perfectly fine.
Certainly. Could I please get that account number?
Yeah it's fifty-six seventy-nine one oh eight.
OK. Got it. I show here that your account will be closed and your balance transfers will take place within five to ten business days.
Is there any way to expedite that?
yes we do do that for a ten dollar fee.
That'd be OK.
OK. I can certainly get that taken care of for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. You've been perfectly helpful.
OK. Thank you. I appreciate your business. You have a good day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sondra. How may I assist you today?
Well hello Sondra. My name is Brad Keller and I I I'm calling again, I talked to someone previously about getting my account balance for my checking account, and they indirect me go online and I tried that. And I, I was having some problems so I, if you could just help me out cause and yeah I was just thinking I can my truck breaks down. It's It's old like me. And I'm gonna need to get some cash. I don't know how much money I I can pull out. If you if you could help me with that.
We most certainly don't want you to be without your truck Mister Keller. I would be happy to help you. let's go ahead and your first and last name is Brad Keller. I'm not getting a Brad Keller up in my system. by chance your is one of your the name you're using is Brad is by chance it a different name?
Oh oh I go by Brad but my first name is actually Bradley B R A D L E Y Just let's let me check it sounds like you you're from somewhere in the States. You could you actually pick that up. I'm I'm used to talking like to Microsoft and the person I get is either from India or Pakistan. you from here locally?
We sure are. That is one of the services Intellibank likes to provide Brad, is that we like to make sure that all of our clients are kept care by the local people So yep. We are right here in Colorado for you. OK let's go ahead and continue on. May I have your date of birth please?
Yes that's February second, nineteen sixty.
Great thank you. OK I'm just sitting here for a second letting the computer warm up. on these cold Colorado days sometimes takes a little bit longer.
OK that information just came up. We have a couple little security questions I'd like to ask you. what is your mother's maiden name?
that's Ross R O S S.
Fantastic. And our second question is what street did you grow up on?
Oh I grew up on seventeen North First Street in San Rafael California. That's spelled R A F A E L.
Fantastic. San Rafael California huh? I bet you that was a nice place to live.
It's nice but expensive. I don't think I'll ever be able to afford to go back there and live which is too bad.
OK I've got your account called up here sir. let's see. I will need to verify your account number. Do you happen to have that with you?
actually no I don't I've got my my checkbook is out in the car. is there another way we can check?
Yes there sure is. I would need your last four of your social security number please.
OK that would be nine four two zero. That's one thing good thing about being in the Army. You memorize your social security number.
Oh I bet so. Nine four two zero? Give me a second please, it's coming up on my screen.
OK and just to verify we were talking about your checking account today?
That's correct.
OK that balance in your checking account is five thousand five hundred fifty dollars and twenty-seven cents. We don't want to miss those pennies do we?
No not not at all.
Fantastic, OK I'm glad we got that resolved for you. And is there anything else that I can check for you today? I notice that you have a savings account and a our silver credit card with us.
yeah. I I I was just wondering because I'm going to be doing some traveling overseas and wasn't quite sure the differrences between your different cards.
Well that's great. The silver credit card it that you currently have with us will work just fine overseas. Although you will not have a PIN number attached to it, and overseas they do use a different PIN number. So I'm gonna offer you up the travel card.
Oh that's good cause I made the mistake previously when I was over there, trying to buy a train ticket in one of those automated machines and called for a credit card and I didn't have a PIN and I was stuck down there. I didn't have any Euros or anything. It was very embarrassing. I'd I'd appreciate that.
Yes I oh my goodness. I wouldn't even know what I would do if I didn't have the cash on me and then have that credit card. And that does catch many people by surprise. Well the great thing about the travel card like I said is you get no fees and anytime you use an ATM you have the fees rebated back to you as well. And we will give you that six digit PIN to use while you're overseas and as an added major the travel card also has the chip in it. can I get you signed up for that today sir? There are no service charges to that.
Yeah please. And then after you do that, maybe you can walk me through how to to get online get registered.
That'll be no problem. let me check your email address in case we need to update that. I have you as BK at ATT dot net. Is that correct?
That's correct.
OK. OK I will get that travel card set up for you and do expect an email confirmation, and then you'll have to get online. And what else did you need me to help you with today sir?
maybe just what what I need to get an online account so I could check it especially overseas I it'd be hard to call all the time.
We can most certainly provide that service. In fact, we do have a special overseas number too and just in case you can't get online. And that will be included with the info I'm gonna email you. look for another email from me in about mm ten minutes. And it will give you our link to set your information that you desire up online. And of course if you have any other concerns, you can always just call back here at this number.
OK well thank you Sondra. That that looks like it gets everything. I don't need anything else.
OK well if there's nothing else I can do for you today Brad I want you to go forth and have a great day, and we here at Intellibank are happy to be at your service.
Well thank you again. Talk maybe someday talk to you again. OK bye bye now.
Goodbye Brad.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Summer. How may I help you?
Yeah. Hey, Summer. This is Jim. I think we got disconnected. I was calling earlier a about my savings account.
Oh. Hi, Jim. Yeah the phone went dead. Lost connection somehow.
Oh I got the worst phone. I got one of those PMX phones I think.
I don't know. The thing cuts in and out constantly. I need to get a new phone.
Well, it's not a problem. I I understand. Technology can be finicky sometimes.
Oh I'll tell you.
OK. So back to what what the main issue was. We were closing your savings account. That was correct?
Yeah, I needed to close that down.
And transfer the money from that to my checking.
OK. Yep, I can certainly help you with that here. Let me get my screen pulled up here and we can get that started for you.
All right. Can I please get your first and last name?
Yeah. that is Jim White.
Your date of birth?
twelve eighty-sebye bye. June first of eighty-seven. Sorry.
Your driver's license number?
yeah that's one seven nine nine D D as in dawn three six seven.
Thank you. You have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Yeller.
Just to reconfirm, that's yellow?
Yes yellow, sorry.
OK. That is correct.
All right. And can I please get the account number on your savings account, the account that you wish to in fact close.
that's nine seven two nine nine.
I'm sorry. What was the last three digits?
Nibye bye. Oh yeah. Sorry, my receptions really bad. That's nine seven two nine nine.
OK. Thank you. And what is your reason for closing your account today?
Oh well, unfortunately I lost my job so I won't really be able to put a lot of money into savings and meet the minimum.
I'm sorry to hear that. Hopefully hopefully you can get back on your feet quickly.
Well, yeah I'm hoping so.
OK, so closing the savings account. And are you wanting to transfer that balance then into your checking account?
Yes.
OK. Looks like you have a remaining balance of two hundred fifty dollars and twenty-five cents.
Yeah that sounds about right.
OK.
can I please get the account number for verification for your checking account?
Yeah. It's zero nine two three two.
Yes, that's correct. OK.
Just wanted to make sure that we have all the right numbers in place.
OK, I've gone ahead and transferred that remaining balance from your savings into your checking. Your savings account if officially closed.
And you just have your checking account which will is remaining open.
I have made note here in your file that you have closed your account due to job loss.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. You've been helpful.
All right. Then you have a wonderful day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose.
How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great. How are you?
I'm doing great. I've been enjoying this weather. is so happy Fall is finally here. We got the good pumpkin lattes and you know and and bonfires so. How are you enjoying the weather where you are?
I absolutely love it. I just moved to a new condo and it has a firepit so I actually get to experience bonfires this Fall. I'm really psyched about using it.
That's awesome.
Yes, ma'am. I live at the beach so it's actually been crazy hot all summer and it's just now starting to calm down. I'm so so ready for just cooler temperatures and you know, chill beach days, where I'm not sweating my whole entire face of makeup of.
Right. Exactly.
Well, Rose I am, actually, looking for an ATM near me. I am out and about and I am having horrible cellphone coverage today so I'm trying to find an ATM actually not too far from where I am at home. but the one I used to go closed so I need some help finding another ATM.
Certainly. I can definitely take care of that for you. Let's see here. Bear with me one second. I'm trying to get on the right screen here to look for the ATM for you. OK, Kim. I need your street address, please.
my street address is forty-nine Holland Drive and that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine one zero one.
All right. Thank you so much.
Bear with me while I see what's closest to you.
And I'm so sorry. We got to talking about the firepit and I completely forgot I needed to get your last name.
Oh, sure. My My last name is Johns. J O H N S.
And also your date of birth.
And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
And I also need your phone number and your email address, please.
my phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five. and my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Thank you so much.
And bear with me. I am looking for that address. trying to find one that's a little closer to you. It seems like the ones that I'm looking at are about twenty miles out.
I imagine that's not very convenient.
No. I'm hoping you can find something a little bit closer.
Yes, ma'am. Bear with me. Just a few more moments.
and I'd also like to know the lobby hours of the the locations that you find. Lobby and ATM hours.
Certainly. I can definitely find that for you.
Great. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You're very welcome.
OK, Miss Johns. I was able to find three within a pretty close distance I feel.
one is about five miles away. And then the other one is seven miles. And then the one after that is ten miles. OK. So I'll tell you the closest one first.
Oh, OK. Great.
That one is at six two one South Fourth Street and the hours there are let's see. This one is twenty-four hours.
Perfect.
OK.
the one that's a little bit further off is two three zero one Grace Ferry Avenue and that one is actually inside the branch so the hours there are from nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then on the weekends, it's nine a.m. to twelve p.m..
Oh OK.
actually on Saturday and it's closed on Sunday. I apologize.
Perfect.
Oh, no worries.
And then the one that's ten miles away is five nine two nine West Gerard Avenue and that one is also open twenty-four hours.
Oh, OK. Great.
And let's see here do do OK. And was there anything else that you needed to know about these locations?
no. I think you answered everything. Thank you so much for your help today. I appreciate it.
Oh, you're very welcome. I did want to advise you about the withdrawal limit. At all three locations, it's five hundred dollars.
OK, great. Thank you so much.
All right.
You're so welcome. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope. That's everything.
All right, Kim. It was a pleasure helping you today. I hope you enjoy the rest of your Fall weather.
Thank you so much.
And have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too, hun.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you. How are you doing today?
I am doing great. I mean, I wish I was out enjoying the the weekend air and and swimming in the ocean. However, aside from that I feel really great about having a job and that is giving me a reason to have a good day.
Right.
That is wonderful. That is way to look on the positive side of that. I like it. Well Rose, I'm calling. Excuse me, sorry about that. I'm calling today because I had just logged online to my to my bank account and I noticed something on my statement that I didn't recognize.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, OK. So you need to dispute a transaction?
yes.
OK. All right, I can certainly help you with that Kim. I just have to ask you a few questions, get a little information from you so we can get to the bottom of this for you. I know you said your first name's Kim. Can you please tell me what your last name is and spell it?
Yes, please.
Sure. It's Johns. It's J O H N S.
Thank you so much Miss Johns and what about your date of birth?
it's April twenty-fourth of nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much and your security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
that's Murphy.
Thank you. And also is this your checking account that we're checking? or savings? OK.
Yes.
Yeah, it's my checking.
Can you please provide me with that account number?
Sure. I see here. Oh, I think I left it upstairs. hold on for one moment for me Rose.
Sure, Kim. Take your time.
OK. sorry about that Rose. Thanks for holding.
No worries, no worries. You're very welcome.
OK, my account number is one zero zero one one two zero five nine five.
All right, thank you so much. OK, let's see what we have here. And can you tell me the dollar amount of the transaction that's relevant?
sure. It's for ninety-seven dollars and fifteen cents. it looks like, based on what I'm seeing online, it was charged to my account on September second and the the company name looks like it says Tech dash N O. but I don't I don't recognize the name and I've never seen this company or I definitely didn't charge anything for this amount. I don't know. Does it say on your end what like any any more information about the company, maybe where it's from or anything or a telephone number maybe?
it does look like it's from the UK. Let me just make sure I'm looking at the right one. What was the the transaction date?
Hmm.
it was on September second.
Yes, this looks like it's from the UK. it does give an international number but it doesn't actually say what the business is. It's just a number and a email, so that seems fraudulent. and not fraudulent in the way like someone just you know. Like it looks like kind of a scam or something. So what we're gonna do is go ahead and put a hold on your account. till we can get to the bottom of this for you. OK? bear with me just one second.
Hmm.
Hmm.
OK.
And how long would a hold on the account would be? cuz you know I have bills that I'm gonna have to pay and a lot of things are are already set up to automatically come out of my account.
Well
Oh my. I do understand that frustration. It's definitely an extreme inconvenience in the situation like this. might I suggest we transfer the money over to your savings account. Is that possible? Because we'll have to we'll have to put a hold on the account while you know so no other fraudulent you know transactions can take place and whatever company this is can have can't have any more access to your money while we're disputing this. Disputes generally take anywhere between three to five business days. I have noticed recently that they are taking about three days, but you know just in case just wanna let you know that it could take an additional five days. I did wanna ask you something. do you know if anyone else has access to your account and could have made this transaction?
no. I don't think anybody you know I I haven't given my information to anybody. not unless it's something you know someone got a hold of something online, which you know I have here and there made purchases online. of course supposed to be secure sites and everything but no, I've not given my information to anybody. and I don't wanna transfer the funds cuz I most of the things that I'm paying not gonna be able to pay out of my savings account. They will only you now take your checking account.
Mhm.
OK.
so I'll just have to wait until the investigation is done and. You know the the money is hopefully put back in my account cuz it's definitely not something I charged and then I can just resume using my account, my checking account.
Mhm.
Certainly, Miss Johns. I just wanna confirm that I have all the necessary information. So, we we have the dollar amount and we are not really sure where this company is. We just know that it's in the UK . let me go ahead and put this information through to our dispute department and I just need to place you on a brief hold. OK?
Sure, thank you.
You're very welcome.
OK, Miss Johns. I have given all this information over to our investigating department for this dispute. I have also placed a lock on your card to protect against further fraudulent transactions. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
no, that's everything. I really appreciate it. You guys at Intellibank have really, you know, you're on top of things. I appreciate your help.
Oh, thank you so much Miss Johns. We really value you as a customer and appreciate your loyalty. And if you have any questions or any further concerns, please don't hesitate to give us a call back. And you you did mean Intellibank, right?
Right, exactly. I'm sorry. I swear, I think I do that every time. Intellibank. You did say it in the beginning of the conversation.
OK. I just wanted to make sure.
It's OK.
Yes, ma'am. I just wanted to make sure because there is there's two. There's an Intellibank and an Intel and I just wanted to make sure you meant Intellibye bye. No worries. No worries, I get that all the time. Well Miss Johns, it's been a pleasure talking to you today and and I hope that we're able to resolve this for you very soon so you can just get back to resuming your life and paying your bills on time. And
Oh, OK. I didn't even know.
Yes. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help today.
You are very welcome. Thank you so much.
Have a good day.
Bye bye.
Hello, this is Brook from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
I need to close my account.
OK. May I please get your first and last name?
Yes. My first name is Peter P E T E R. And my last name is Weingart W E I N G A R T.
Thank you Mr. Weingart. And what is the reason for you to be closing your account with us?
I am moving.
Oh I am sorry to hear that. Or maybe it's good news. Where are you moving to?
Anaconda, Montana.
Anaconda, Montana. All right. You must be a skier.
no. I just I'm selling my house here in Reno and moving because it's much cheaper there.
Well, that's that sounds good.
I hope the move goes goes well. OK for security purposes could you please verify your date of birth?
yes. July seventh nineteen eighty-one.
Thank you. And the last digit of your social security number please?
It's
Six one one.
Or six one one zero. Sorry.
Six one one zero. Thank you.
OK. Just a moment.
My computer's slowing down.
Oh, where are you located?
A little bit.
in Bellingham, Massachusetts.
Oh, OK. Used to ski there when I was a kid.
It It's fun. I am learning how to ski myself.
Oh. How's the weather out there. Is it gonna be a good ski year, snow year?
We hope that it will be more snow than rain so we'll see.
All right.
OK. I'm almost ready. could you please give me your bank account number?
it is two nine one two three one one.
So it's two nine one two three one one.
no. I'm sorry. Two nine zero one two three one one.
Two nine one zero one two three one one. correct?
No, it
Two nine zero.
Two nine zero.
One two three.
One two three.
One one.
One one. Thank you sir.
Is this are we closing the checking account or the saving account?
My checking account.
We're closing your checking account. OK, thank you. Just a moment.
All right.
You know the movers were supposed to show up here today but they haven't come yet.
Oh, that must be a very frustrating. I hope that they really show up and do they have to pack everything?
yeah, they're packing everything and moving it all.
Oh, OK. Well I hope
Supposed to be out of here by tomorrow.
I hope it works out.
OK, sir. where we. are we withdrawing your money or what would you like to do.
can
Can we transfer it please?
that is absolutely sure. Where where would you like to transfer them?
To
Anaconda Credit Union.
Anaconda Credit Union. OK. Could you please just just one moment. I just need to find it in the system.
OK, could you please verify your address?
My address is PO Box five four nine eight seven Reno, Nevada. Nine one one zero one.
OK, so.
OK, just to confirm that is PO box five four nine eight seven Reno as a R E N O Nevada nine one one zero one?
Correct.
Thank you. And do you have the account number?
for my new?
Yes, please.
I do.
OK.
It is nine one zero one two three five seven.
OK, so that is a nine one zero two one three five seven?
No, it's nine one zero one two three five seven.
So that is a nine one zero one two three five seven.
Yep.
OK. And do you have the routing number for that account, sir?
I do.
It's two three one four five five one two two.
OK, I'm gonna confirm that. So that is a two three one four five five one two two.
mhm. That's correct.
OK. Thank you. And we are transferring all the twenty-four thousand seven hundred dollars into the new account in Anaconda, Montana. Is that? OK, just a moment. It's gonna take a few minutes. Could you please stay on the line.
Yes, please.
Yep.
Thank you.
Actually can Is are you there?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, can I can I only transfer twenty-three thousand of that and I will come down and and get the rest from the local branch?
absolutely. Just hold on. Let me make that change. So just to confirm you only would like to transfer twenty-three thousand?
Yes, please.
OK.
Could you please hold on for a minute. Thank you.
All right, sir.
Hello, sir.
Yep.
OK. your money will show up in your new bank account within twenty-four hours so allow it some time and then you're welcome to come get the rest of the amount anytime today until five p.m. we are open.
All right.
is there any other product I can offer you today?
no not at this moment, thank you.
Well, thank you for being our client in Intellibank. And I hope your move to Anaconda, Montana goes really smooth.
All right. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
Hi. I need to get my balance.
OK. I can help you get you account balance. First can I get your account number please?
Yeah It's One eight nine two seven three one seven two five.
Thank you and I'm speaking with?
Sandra Scott S C O T T Scott.
OK Sandra. Thank you very much. Let me just get a little bit of information for security sake. Can I get the last four of your social please?
yeah. It's fix six eight two.
five six eight two thank you.
OK, and then I see you have special security question here it it's asking for your maiden name.
Michaels.
All right. Thank you. While I have you on the phone can I update some information, just to make sure we have your address correct. Could I get that please?
Yeah. It's one five seven three appleton A P P L E T O N road, Juno Alaska. Nine seven two two two.
Thank you and I have a an email for you as Sandra dot Scott ninety-two at Gmail dot com. Is that still correct?
Yes.
All right Thank you very much.
And are you in Juno? Or where are you located? Can I come in and talk to you specifically?
Well actually I'm in Oregon
Oh, that's that's far from Alaska. Is it as rainy as they talk about in there.
It is It is pretty rainy yes, but you wanted to go into a bank to see one?
Yeah. OK.
I'll put. OK.
Sometime soon, I just didn't know if I was talking with someone I can make an appointment with or if I needed to call someone else. I would like to do this all online I just don't know how to set it all up.
Oh OK. Well I'd be more than happy to help you with that. first of all let me get you that account balance.
OK.
So your account balance and that's your checking account, is thirty-seven dollars and fifty-nine cents.
That's it?
Yes. That's what I.
Are?
You sure? Is there something post? Or holding?
Well it looks like you just had a seventeen hundred dollar check go out to Bank of America.
Oh OK yes. That's that's correct thank you.
OK.
Yeah so that's your balance, and as far as I'd be happy to help you to set up an account online, tell you the steps. What you would do is you would go to our bank website Intellibank dot com and from there, there is a menu and that will ask you for your account number. So you would input that account number and and the it will ask you for the information that I asked you. Your date of birth, your social. It will ask for your entire social, and you can set up an an you can set up online to check your account.
Now if I wanted to just into the branch can someone set it up for me?
Yes. The branch would be able to set that up for you too. Since branch hours are limited it probably would be faster to just go to the website and set this up yourself.
All right. I suppose, I'm just not good with the internet. could I have you check one other thing for me?
Yes.
Could you see my savings account balance.
Yes. And I see the your savings account balance Is seven hundred dollars and three cents.
OK. Now can I transfer with you or do I need to do that through and ATM or can I also do that with the online account.
yes. You could do either I could transfer funds for you mean to your checking account with us?
Yes. If I can just go between funds of the accounts.
Yes. Definitely I could help you with that. you could also do that online once you have set yourself up with the online account at Intellibank dot com that's something you would be able to do. You can, you can transfer money between accounts.
OK. Well you know I will go and set up this account on my own and if I have any issues then maybe I'll just go into the branch for for help but thank you so much for all your, your help today and for my balance.
You're very welcome, and if you if you have any issues feel free to call us back we're here twenty-four seven, and did you have any other questions for me?
No that's it thank you.
OK. Thank you very much, and thank you for choosing Intellibank.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Holly. How may I assist you today?
Hi, Holly. How are you today?
I'm wonderful, and how about yourself?
I'm good. I'm calling because I have a suspicious charge, I'd like to dispute. I also need to make a wire transfer.
OK, I would be more than happy to assist you with that. First, may I have your name and your date of birth, please?
Yes, ma'am. My name is Mildred Pierce. P I E R C E. And my date of birth is two four two thousand.
OK, Thank you, Ms. Pierce. That's Mildred Pierce, and birthday February the fourth, two thousand.
Yes ma'am.
Wonderful. Thank you. And may I have the last four digits of your Social Security Number?
Five nine six oh.
Thank you. That's five nine six zero?
Yes ma'am.
OK, and the security question we have. What is your maiden name?
Greene. G R E E N E.
Wonderful. Thank you, Ms. Pierce. Now, what account type? And the account number where you see the suspicious charge.
It's my checking account. It's zero zero zero seven nine three one three. No, I'm sorry. It's zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
Not a problem, Ms. Pierce. Just to verify, that was zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes ma'am.
OK, great. Now, on your statement, what is the date and the amount of the transaction that you would like to dispute?
The date was September fifteenth, for eighty-six dollars and fifty-eight cents. I thought I may have forgotten to write down something when we were out of town, but I've never heard of that merchant.
Oh goodness Now I do see a phone number on your statement for that merchant. Have you tried calling them? Sometimes the merchant names on your statement can can appear a little bit different from the actual name of the merchant.
I did it and I've never heard of them.
OK, is it possible or does anyone else have access to your account that could have made the transaction?
No ma'am.
All right. Do you have any recurring membership or subscription fees?
No ma'am.
OK, and just to verify this. You don't recognize the merchant for the transaction that was made on September the fifteenth of two of twenty twenty-one. And that was in the amount of eight six dollars and fifty eight cents. And it was from your checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
Was that.
Was that correct?
That's correct.
OK, now what's going to happen is I'm going to forward this information to out fraud team, and in the meantime, to prevent any additional charges, we can either freeze the entire account, or we can just cancel and re-issue your debit card. What would you like to do?
Cancel and re-issue a debit card. And how long will the investigation take?
We can't give an actual date for how long it will take, but usually they seem to be resolved within about two weeks. But we will definitely contact you the second the the investigation is complete.
Thank you. I also need to make a wire transferral.
I'm going back out of town, and I would prefer to use my other checking.
OK, sure. That's no problem Ms. Pierce. Now, the transfer, will that be. Will that be domestic or international?
Domestic.
OK, and what amount would you like to transfer?
Five hundred dollars.
OK, now is the account also with us?
Yes ma'am. It's with Intellibank.
OK, now what is the account number that you would like the withdrawal to be from?
My account number is zero zero zero seven nine, three three one.
OK, that was zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes.
OK, great. And what is the routing number for the account that you would like it to be deposited into?
the account number will be eight, two eight, one six five six five three.
OK, and that was the routing number, correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK, and that number's eight two eight, one six five six five three.
Yes.
OK, great. And what is the account number for the deposit?
Zero zero zero, nine five one three two. Will there be a charge?
OK, since it is with the same bank, with us, there will be no charge for that. And just to verify, the account number was zero zero zero nine five one, three two. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, and the funds will be transferred immediately. Would you like me to go ahead and proceed with this?
Yes please.
OK, great. I do have that completed for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Ms. Pierce.
No thank you.
All right. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Again, my name is Holly. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Michelle. How can I help you today?
Hi. My name is Larry Hanes.
I want to close my accounts and transfer the remaining fund into another account.
I have people coming over today. And I just want to get this out the way.
All right Mister Hanes. So you wanna close your Intellibank account, and transfer the funds to a new account, outside the bank?
Yes.
All right. before I can complete your request I need to ask a few questions for security purposes.
OK.
All right. can I have your first last name and birthdate please?
Yes.
First name Larry. Last name Hanes.
All right Mister Hanes. Is that H A Y N E S? Or H A Y S?
H A Y N E S.
All right.
And what was your birthday?
My birthday is eleven ten one nine seven four.
Eleven ten one nine seven four?
Yes.
OK, Mr. Haynes. Could I have your drivers license number please?
Yes.
My drivers license number is six one nine five two four nine six one.
OK. And that drivers license number was six one nine, five two, four nine six one?
Yes.
All right. Mister Haynes could I get the last four digits of your social?
Yes.
Seven zero four zero.
Seven zero four zero.
Yes.
OK Mister Haynes. Can we verify your email address on file please?
Yes. My email address is side W nine one three two three at eco Wiki dot com.
OK. That's side W nine one three two three at ego Wiki dot com?
Yes, correct.
All right, thank you very much. OK Mister Haynes which account number was that you wanted to close?
my. My checking.
OK and what number was that?
the number is somewhere around here. Five one four three three six seven zero one zero.
OK. And the account number that you're closing is five one four three three six seven zero one zero?
Yes.
Yes. And how you doing today?
OK. And.
I'm doing pretty good. How are you today sir?
All right. Going good.
OK. I'm glad to hear that you're doing good. And what was the reason you wanted to close this account?
I just I have. I just don't need it anymore.
OK. No longer needing it. All right. So What type of account did you want to make this transfer to? A checking or savings account?
I'd like to make it to Put into a savings.
OK your current balance on your checking account is seven forty-three.
Yes. OK.
All right. So you wanted to transfer that to a different account. Could I get that the. That new account routing number?
yes. It's five eight six zero nine five one four four one.
OK. Again that routing number is five eight six, zero nine five one.
Four four one?
Yes.
And what is that new checking account number? Oh, excuse me. what account was that? Was that checking or savings?
That was savings.
Oh, I'm sorry, Sir. so what is that new savings account number?
Oh, just a minute. It's five eight six, zero nine five one four four one.
OK Sir, that's the same number you gave for the Oh. OK. So you gave the account number first. Could you give me that routing number please?
Routing number.
Oh, OK. Sorry about that.
That's no problem.
Zero one nine five five six three seven seven.
OK. So the routing number is zero one nine five five six three seven seven?
Yes. Yes. And when will this be. And when will this be closed, and when will my transfer go through?
OK. So.
OK, Mr. Haynes this account closure will take take place in the next twenty-four hours. So by tomorrow should be closed. And your transfer will go through the same day. OK? So we're gonna do this transfer, it should be in your account by tomorrow as well.
OK. OK.
OK.
So I'm going to go ahead and process that transfer for you. Could you give me one moment, please?
Yes.
All right Mister Haynes. I have transferred seven hundred and forty-three dollars from your old account of five one four three three six seven zero one zero, to your new account of eight six zero nine five one four four one.
OK.
And And when will this be transferred again?
OK. I said the transfer will take place within the next twenty-four hours, so it should be in your account by tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning?
Yes Sir.
OK.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Mister Haynes?
no, I believe that's it.
All right. Thank you so much for calling. again my name is Michelle Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. You have a nice day.
You too.
Intellibank. How may I help you today?
I have a problem with my credit card and I don't know if you can help me, but somebody needs to.
OK, could I have your name, please?
Jean Lee.
And your account number?
Seven one three eight two two one eight one zero nine.
And your credit card number?
oh, I see. I don't have that one me. Can you wait just a minute?
Sure.
OK, I'm back. it's a Visa card. Four one four seven two two zero nine three seven one two.
And your name of the first pet you've had.
Fluffy.
Oh, you would've liked Fluffy. He was a cute little kitty.
Oh, what color was she?
White with black spot.
she sounds cute.
Yeah, she was a dear little kitty and I miss her a lot.
I'm sorry.
Well, she's gone now.
A long time ago.
I'm sorry about that. Did you get another cat?
No.
But you know it was your first pet, so it was a long time ago. I think about getting one sometimes, but I haven't.
Yeah. so let me go ahead and pull up your account here. What was the amount of the charge that you think is not good?
Eighty-nine dollars.
OK. Does anyone else have access to that account?
Just my husband.
Do you think you could've made the charge?
No, not this one. This was from Amazon Prime and I never signed up for anything with them.
OK. if you could. Let me give you Amazon's number. And you can contact them and see if they can let them know you did not do the charge to see if they'll reverse it. And if not we will go head and do this. So the the number is one eight hundred two three five one two one five.
One eight hundred two three five one two one five. That right?
Yes. But if there is any problems that they will not return the item for you we will go ahead at Intellibank. And and take care of that for you. We will not charge you any interest or anything like that for the next month until it's resolved.
That's good.
And we will go head and give you a new credit card to and we'll go head and cancel that one so there's no more charges that are wrong on there.
Well, how long will that take?
It takes, it'll take about a week to get the new card in the mail.
And I guess my husband will get a new card, too?
Yes.
Wow. I guess that'll be good cuz I'm not planning to go shopping for a little bit. I have to go back to the old cash instead of credit card but I, but I like the. Getting the cash back on my credit card so I use it all the time.
Well, if you would like the phone app, do you have the phone app for our bank?
No I don't.
If you like to load the phone app, it could give you the new credit card immediately.
Well, I can wait a week, because it's not that important. As long as I get it.
Yes, you. We'll put it in the mail tomorrow.
OK, that sounds good.
So, Intel Bank will send me a new card and I should have it within a week.
Yes, an Intel Bank. Will give it Intellibank will give it to you within a week and hopefully the mail will be quick, quick and not slow and you will get it within a week.
Oh, that should be good cuz the mail was pretty slow a little while ago with COVID and all. Took a taking off a long time to get anything in the mail.
Yeah, they're getting better now so you you should expect it within a week.
OK, that sounds good.
All right. Have a good day.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Casey. How can I help you?
Yes. My name is Mitchel Michael. And I like to open up a new account.
OK. I can definitely help you with that mister Michael. Just to let you know we are being recorded on this call and this is a secure line. And for reference, my my full name is Casey Watkins, and my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
OK. Thank you.
All right. so I do have your first and last name is this going to be a personal account or a business account?
Personal.
Personal? OK. Perfect, and do you have an account with our bank already or this would be. You'd be a completely new customer?
I will be I will be a completely new customer.
OK. Sounds good. All right, and are you looking to open a a checking account?
Yes.
OK. just to let you know we do require that all of our customers have a savings account and If they're gonna have a checking account with us the savings account just requires a minimum deposit of five dollars and then our checking accounts do not have any minimum.
OK. Perfect.
OK. all right so let me go ahead and get your full social security number.
OK. It is, two five eight six nine three two five two.
OK. Got it, and what is your date of birth?
It is October thirtieth nineteen seventy-eight.
OK, and what is your drivers license number?
It is two nine two five two three Oh seven.
OK, and this is a Texas license correct?
Yes.
OK. And What is the mailing address on. For your account.
It is twenty-one seventy-five Circle Ridge Trail. Carrolton Texas, seven five zero one zero.
OK, and would you like to have checks with this account as well?
Yes.
OK. and then I'm assuming you would also like a debit card associated with this account?
That'd be great.
OK. so what I will do is after we finish opening the account you will be mailed a starter check book and also a debit card. I would give that about seven business days to get to you and unless you would like. Unless you need the debit card earlier and we can actually print that here at our local branch and get that to you.
That'd be great No seven days is fine.
OK OK. So yeah we can definitely get this set up in the system, and would you like. Is it just gonna be you on the account or do you have anyone else that's gonna be on it with you as well?
It's just me.
Just you. OK OK. So we have your personal checking account and How would you like to make your your deposit for your savings account today?
how. What are the options?
well we can we can do a well you could instigate a wire transfer from your current bank.
OK.
Or I can have you come into one of our local branches, and they can. You can actually deposit cash or check there.
I think that'll be best if I come in and that way It'd be a little more secure on my side. I I'll feel better just coming in. I think you've done a great job, at least getting me started on it and I guess if I can go in and just kind of complete the cycle on stating the account and and hearing about other products and services you may have at the branch as well. That'd be great.
OK. Definitely and let's see here I just want to understand that you are in Carrolton So we actually have a branch off of Hebron Parkway and Josey Lane. Is that close to you?
Very close.
OK. Perfect OK. So yeah I would recommend. So what I am gonna do is go ahead and submit this paperwork cause I have all the information to open the account and if you have a pen I'm gonna give you your new account number.
OK.
OK. So your new checking account number is going to be, four zero zero zero.
Four zero zero zero.
One eight eight.
One eight eight.
Seven three.
Seven three.
Yes. So that's gonna be your new checking account number. So you can either give them that when you get to the bank or you can show them your drivers license and they'll be able to pull it up by that as well and then you can go ahead and deposit the money that would be into your savings account and then also anything you would also want to deposit into this checking account as well.
Got it.
Perfect That works for me.
OK. Awesome, and then like I said then you would just be on the look out for your your debit card and your starter checks in the mail in the next seven days.
Yes.
OK. Do you have any thing else that I could help you with today?
that's it.
OK. Well thank you so much for calling and opening your new account we look forward to having you here with Intellibank.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Linda. How can I help you?
Hi, yes. I'm calling to open an account please.
Sure, I can help you with that. What type of account would you like to open?
Well, I'm not really sure. Can you give me some ideas on what type of accounts you have?
Absolutely. we offer checking and savings accounts. We also have loans, auto loans, and credits. We offer a platinum, gold, silver and a cashback rewards card.
OK well, how about we start with opening a checking account and if I would like savings we'll go we'll go from there.
Absolutely. Sounds great, ma'am. May I start off with getting some personal information from you today?
Sure.
What is your first name?
My first name is Melissa.
Melissa and what is your last name?
Joseph.
Joseph. And can you spell that for me please?
Sure. Joseph is capital J O E S P H.
Perfect. OK. And just so you know, all of our accounts come with checks for free for all account holders.
Mkay.
All right Melissa, can I please have your date of birth?
Sure. It's February fourteenth nineteen ninety-six.
Oh, Valentine's Day baby. How exciting!
Yup. Always is.
All right Melissa. And, your social security number?
Ooh, I didn't know that you were gonna need that. Can you give me one minute to go get my wallet and get you that number?
Absolutely, ma'am.
Sure. Hold on one sec. Thank you. All righty. I am back.
But I do have a little bit of an issue and I am sorry about this. I can't seem to find my social security card and I honestly do not know the numbers by heart.
Not a problem. I do understand ma'am, but unfortunately I cannot assist you any further with opening an account without that information. I hope you understand.
I do. I guess I'll just have to wait and to get a new card to get my account opened. Thank you.
Not a problem. is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Yes, actually you can help me find a branch.
Sure. May I just have your street address please?
Sure. It's fifteen oh one Northeast Thirty-Fourth Court in Fort Lauderdale Florida three three three three four.
Oh, sunny south Florida. I'm super jealous. It's starting to get so cold here.
Well, I'll be more than happy to change with you. I love the cold. It's too hot.
I am super jealous. I haven't seen a beach in years. There's not a beach for hours near us.
Oh, where are you located?
Oh, we're over here in South Dakota.
Wow. OK. All right, well you have my address. Did you find any banks that are near my location?
Oh, sorry about that ma'am. I was just waiting on my computer.
No, not a problem.
can I get that ZIP code one more time here?
Sure. It's three three three three four.
Three three three three four?
Yes.
OK.
Four threes and a four.
In sunny South Florida. All right, I see that there are a few locations in that area. The closest one to you is approximately two miles away at twenty-one twenty-two North Palm Road. Then I have another location about three and a half miles away at fourteen twenty East Oakland Street. Both locations are open until five p.m. today and open at nine a.m. tomorrow.
OK. Actually, that's perfect. The first one. But can you do me a favor? I'm sorry. I didn't get a chance to write that down. Can you give me the information? Thank you. What's the address?
Not a problem.
The one closest to you? The two miles away?
Yes.
Twenty-one twenty-two North Palm Road and that is in Fort Lauderdale Florida of course. the ZIP code three three three three four.
OK. So, two one two two North Palm Road, Fort Lauderdale Florida three three three three four.
Yes, ma'am. Would you like the phone number for that location as well?
Yep.
Sure. Actually, that would great.
It is nine five four seven seven two zero zero one zero.
All right. Thank you very much.
And again, those hours of operation at that location are nine a.m. to five p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Oh.
OK. Thank you very much. I think that's kind of all that I need help with today.
Well, thank you very much for calling for calling Intellibank. Again, my name's Lori. I hope you have a great day.
You too. Thank you so much. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services, this is Steven. How can I help you?
yes, I need to check my checking account balance and also my savings account balance.
Absolutely, sir. I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I get your first and last name as well as your date of birth please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. My birthday is five twelve nineteen sixty.
Thank you Mister Thomas and can I have the last four of your social?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you. And the answer to your security question, which is what was your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
Thank you, sir. And can I have the account number for the checking account that is you're wanting to check on?
OK, just one second. Let me look it up.
Absolutely sir, take your time.
OK, my checking account number is seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine. and my savings account number is two zero nine zero two one eight four two zero.
All right, thank you sir. I've got your account pulled up and which of those balances would you like first?
my checking account please.
All right sir, your checking account balance, as of today, is one thousand seventy-two dollars and eleven cents.
OK.
All right, and then your checking checking account you wanted to check also?
my savings account.
Yes, sorry, your savings account. That is what I meant to say. You wanted to check that account also?
Yes.
All right. Your savings account has got a balance of four hundred and ninety-three dollars and fourteen cents.
OK.
All right sir, would you like me to set you up with online banking so that you can check your balances at your leisure in the future?
sure.
All right sir, I'd be happy to help you get that set up. And looks like we have. the email on file for you is D Thomas at A B C dot com. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, and would you like to use that email address to to log in and get any updates about your online banking?
Yes.
All right.
I'm just gonna generate a username and a temporary password for you, gimme one moment.
OK.
All right, I've got that information ready for you.
OK. I'm ready, I got something to write with.
Excellent. Your username's going to be D Thomas. T H O M A S. Zero zero one.
OK.
And your temporary password will be capital P one seven, capital E, capital T, three.
OK. And I just go to the Intellibank main web page?
That is correct sir. When you go to the Intellibank dot com homepage, there will be a area in the top right hand corner of your browser. Where you can enter that information and it will prompt you to create your own unique password on your first log in.
OK. And online banking is fairly secure?
It is sir. We do have standards that we use that exceed the Federal requirements for banking transactions. and then you also have the option of adding a two-factor authentication to your account. For an added layer of security.
OK. can we set that two-factor authentication can we go ahead and set that up today?
Absolutely sir, I can get that set up for you. Would you like that as would you like the code sent as an email or a text message to your mobile phone?
let's do a text message.
All right sir, if you could just give me the phone number you would like to receive that code at.
OK. six six one. Two two one.
Three zero five five.
All right sir, and then just to verify that I'm gonna go ahead and send a code to you. Or actually, it will be a link in the text. If you'll just click that link to verify we will get that set up for you. So just one moment, you should get that in a couple of seconds.
OK.
And once you've clicked on that, if you'll just let me know.
OK. I've received it. And you want the the number?
no sir. There should be a link in the in the message as well as the number. You can just click that link, we've we've updated our verification process.
Oh, OK. OK.
Well, that sounds great!
All right sir. And just to confirm, you have clicked that link, correct?
yes I have.
All right, thank you. I see that verified on here and you are all set up to access online banking.
OK. Sounds great!
All right sir, well is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't believe so.
All right, well you have a wonderful rest of your day.
OK, you too. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great. Thanks for asking Kim. How are you?
I'm doing all right. I'm calling today because I need to I need to close an account. I'm looking to close my savings account with you guys. and transfer the funds into my checking account please.
Awesome.
Certainly. I can certainly help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your account and we can get that taken care of for you today.
OK. Thanks.
You're welcome. is it Kimberly or just Kim?
no. Just Kim.
All right. Thank you so much and Kimberly what is your last name?
It's just Kim.
I mean.
Kim.
That's OK. That's OK.
I'm.
So
You just said that.
My last name is Johns. That's J O H N S.
Thank you and your date of birth.
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much and I have to ask you a security question. All right. what is your mother's maiden name?
Sure.
That's Murphy.
OK. Thank you so much and the account number that you need to close.
Oh OK. Let's see here. All right. Just had that in front of me. Bear with me for one moment.
Sure. Take your time.
I might've left that in the kitchen. hold on for one moment for me Rose please.
Sure.
OK hun. Thanks for holding. I am not I have no idea where I put that. I had it right in my hands before I called and I have walked around while I was on hold and now I cannot find where I put my account information. would you by by any chance be able to use my social?
well we can use your social when we're checking an account but I can't do that if I'm closing the account. Unfortunately I would need to have the full account number.
Oh OK. I see.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah and I mean obviously you'll need the same for you know transferring the remaining balance and I cannot seem to get my hands on either of my account numbers right this moment.
Oh, no and you wanted to transfer you wanted to transfer the money from the closed account to your checking account?
Yes and then I actually in addition to that had a charge that I saw on there when I opened my last bank statement and I I didn't recognize the charge. So I actually wanted to dispute that charge but here I am not being able to find my account information. am I able to do these stuff online? Do you know? Once I find it. So I don't have to callback and wait on hold.
You certainly can. Well I'm not sure about the closing of the account but you definitely can dispute online.
Oh, OK.
both really are best to call in and take care of. So why why don't you take some time you know try to find your numbers and give us a call back. Only because we wanna make that sure everything is taken care of. You know for one thing the fraud on your account if there is if it is indeed fraud we would need to go ahead and close your account. While we investigate to make sure that no further charges can be made by that same whoever made the charge initially that you don't recognize.
I see. OK.
So.
So really it is both situations are something you really need to call in or or come into the bank. You can come into the branch and we can handle it that way as well if you don't wanna just make a phone call.
OK. Yeah. I may actually do that. I'll probably stop by there probably tomorrow after work.
OK Kim. I sure I am sorry that I wasn't able to help you today.
Oh there's no worries. I understand I'm sorry I wasted your time. I can't believe I can't find that daggone account number.
Oh.
No hun. It's not a waste of my time at all. Not not in the slightest. We're this's my job. This is what we're here for. and and am here all week everyday. From nine a.m. to five p.m.. So if you don't wanna have to rehash it with someone I'll I'll remember your situation and you can just ask for me when you call in.
Oh OK. Well thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You're very welcome Kim. Was there anything else that I could do for you today?
Nope. That's everything. Have a good night.
All right. You have a wonderful evening yourself, Miss Johns. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello.
My name is Alex. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
I'm Jim Andrews. I'm calling I, I, I'm having a transaction dispute. .
OK, sir. If I get you correctly, your name is John Andrews.
Yeah.
sir please what is your date of birth?
Ten of March nineteen eighty-six.
OK, now sir what's your account number?
Four three nine six four five seven zero nine one.
OK sir, a minute please. Let me confirm.
OK.
OK sir I just checked it now. Your transaction was actually successful but we have technical issues with maintenance.
So, if it if it's like a few hours the thing will be corrected.
Is that OK with you sir?
.
Do have a nice day. Thank you sir.
All right, you too.
Bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Patricia, how may I help you?
I'm calling to find an Intellibank branch location near me and to check my account balance.
OK. Yes, sir. I can help you with that. Can I have your first and last name, please?
Yes. Markus Love.
OK, and can I have your date of birth, please?
Nine ten nineteen ninety-nine.
OK. Thank you. And can I have your account number?
Six five nine four eight two three.
All right, and for security. And for your security code can I have the make and model of the first car you owned?
Yes. It's a Chevy Malibu.
OK.
No, I'm sorry. A Pontiac GTO.
Oh. OK. OK, so can I have your street address where you are inquiring for the location?
Five oh two. Maple Drive.
OK. And the city and state?
Inverness Florida.
OK. And the ZIP code, please?
Six five nine four three.
OK. I do see that there are several branch locations near your location. there is a branch location on Fifty-third Street and Pine. that one's about two point four miles away from you. I also do see a branch location on Vander Street which is about point eight miles away from your location. but we also have an additional branch on Fifty-fifth Street and Twenty-third Avenue, which is about two point five miles away. Yes, sir.
OK. Guess I good remember the one on Vander Street, thank you.
OK. No problem. Would you like to. And you did state that you wanted to check your bank account balance, correct?
Yes.
I'm sorry?
Yes.
Oh OK. And what account are you inquiring about? Is it your checking or savings?
I'm calling to check the balance of my checking account because I would like to enroll in this big tournament they got. It's called Madden, which is a football game. And the first prize winner takes home ten thousand dollars. And I think I could be that number one because I'm very good at it.
Oh Yeah? How long have you been playing?
For about ten years.
Ten years! Wow! That's a really long time. A really really long time. OK. Well I wish you good luck. OK. And what account are you inquiring about? Is it your checking or savings?
My checking account.
I'm sorry.
My checking.
Oh OK. And can I have your number for the account number for that, please?
Yes. Six four four eight nine nine.
OK.
No, wait. The account number is four seven eight three two two.
OK. No problem. Thank you. I do see your checking account balance as seven thousand seven hundred sixty-five dollars and eighty-eight cents. are there any other accounts that you would like to check?
Yes. Can I check my saving account, please?
Yes, sir. your savings account has mm let me take a look here. Yeah, so your savings account has five thousand two hundred and ninety-four dollars and eighty-eight cents. Any other accounts?
Yes, ma'am. Can I check my auto loan?
Your auto loan, let me look that up, one second. And do you have the auto loan number?
Mm not on me at the time. Hold on. I think I can. I think I know what. Yes, I have it now.
OK. And what is that number?
Five nine two four eight eight.
OK. All right. I do see that account here. All right. Oh, you have eight hundred and thirty-eight dollars and twenty-two cents left on your auto loan. is there anything else that I can do for you?
No. Thank you.
OK. Would you like further information about online banking in order to check the balance yourself more conveniently in the future?
No thank you, but can you let me know what's in my auto loan again?
your auto loan has eight hundred thirty-eight dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK. Thank you, that's it.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank again. My name is Patricia, have a great day.
Good afternoon. Intellibank.
Hi I'd like to update my phone number on my account. and I'm just slow. I could you could help me?
Oh.
Yes.
Yeah.
Where is the bank located here?
What state are you looking?
Do they have any ATMs too?
which state are you look looking at for the bank?
Maryland. In Frederick, Maryland.
Yes. We have a bank here in Frederick, Maryland and the bank also has an ATM.
And, you could use any seven eleven ATMs for free also.
How about CVS? Can you use them?
you can and there's a Two dollars and fifty cents fee.
Oh.
Guess it's better to go to the real bank.
Yes.
So you. What is your driver's license number?
L four two two seven eight nine six four one zero.
OK and your mother's maiden name?
Brown.
And you were calling to change your phone number?
Yes.
OK what is the phone number?
The new number?
Yes.
Yeah. That's funny isn't it. Phone number. Phone number.
Seven one zero six two two four eight seven nine.
All right and what is the old phone number you had before that?
Six one zero Four one zero Eight four three two.
OK and Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you tell me where the banks are all in this area?
the one is on Main street.
The other one is right there in the CVS and Yes, we have a counter there where you can have. Where it has an ATM and there is someone there that you could talk to about loans or anything like that. Do you have our gold credit card?
The bank is inside CVS?
No. I only have the silver one.
we offer the gold if you're interested.
Does that give better benefits than the silver one?
Yes. You get five percent off certain stores when you shop there.
All the time or just certain months?
Just certain months.
Oh and if I could have your account number again?
Oh.
I guess I don't have that right now. In the move, I think I messed up and packed it away.
Well we need the account number to make this thing final. I can't change the phone number without the account number.
Do I have to come into the bank to do it then or can I do it over the phone?
You cannot go do this over the phone. It has to be in the bank. You can go to our bank with your driver's license and they can process it there but over the phone I cannot process it. Without the account number.
Well.
I guess I can still use everything with my old address until I.
Yes. You could use everything with your old phone number and old address. meanwhile but it would be good to go into the bank and. Give the information as soon as possible.
.
Do you have other branches or just the one on the downtown one?
Just the downtown one. There is one on Hagerstown also.
By the Target there.
but, in Frederick we just have the downtown one and the one in CVS where the person works at the desk there. The branch one.
Is there.
Is there parking at the downtown bank?
Yes, there is.
There is free parking behind the bank.
And is the Hagerstown office in the downtown area too or not?
No. It's in the the mall there. It is not downtown.
OK I'll have to check and see if maybe that one's just as close as Frederick.
Cuz I'm kind of moving between the two.
OK.
Well.
Well anyway I guess I'll have to hunt up my account number and get this all straightened out.
Well enjoy your new location.
All right. Thanks a lot.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank customer service my name is Mike. What can I do for you today?
Yes, hi. I'm calling because I need to close one of my accounts and transfer those funds to a separate bank.
OK, let me pull up your account so I can address your request, sir. may I have your account ID please, or another ID associated with your account, like a driver's license or social security number?
Oh yeah, good my driver's license. It is a Louisiana driver's license number two four six seven eight nine six three. that pull it up?
Yes sir, Thank you. Before we proceed, I just need to verify some information for the security of your account. What is your full name sir?
James Ernest Walker. My birthday is eleven one sixty. And my email is Jim dot Walker at Yahoo dot com, in case you need that.
Thank you, sir. You said your date of birth is November first nineteen sixty, correct?
Yeah, November yeah eleven one nineteen yeah November first nineteen sixty. Yes, I'm getting up there in age.
Thank you, sir. For your security questions, what is the name of your first pet?
I have so long ago we had so many growing up on the farm. Oh God this silly and this is the answer have given before Spot. Is that right? I mean .
Yes, sir that's correct. Thank you for verifying your information. Which account would you like to close?
I'm looking at my savings account here.
And what is the number of that account? The account number?
oh, here it is. six two six nine six eight seven five six zero.
OK, one moment sir.
Wait. I think I misread one of the. Hold on I misspoke my let's let me repeat it, please. My account number with Intellibank is actually six two six nine six three seven five six zero.
OK, thank you, sir. I do see the balance of your account and the balance is seven thousand one hundred and fifty-one dollars and seventy-nine cents. does this seem correct?
That's pretty close yes.
OK, what is the reason for closing this account, sir?
over the course of my life, I've opened up way too many accounts I don't even know where my accounts are. And so I'm just kind of picking up one a week. And just saying do I even care but I mean y'all haven't done anything wrong it's just that I have too many accounts and I can't keep track of them.
OK, sir. So you want to consolidate your accounts?
Yes.
And do you know the deposit routing number and the deposit account number sir to where you're transferring these funds?
Hold on it was right, Oh here it is. Yes the routing number with Commerce Hills Bank, is three one four five two nine zero zero one. And the account it's going to is, one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three.
Thank you, sir and is this a savings or a checking account?
it's it's a checking. would you mind just quickly repeating back to me the deposit number? Because I don't want to go somewhere else.
Yes sir. the deposit number one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three.
OK, good thank you.
And this is a checking account sir? Correct?
Yes yes, checking.
OK, would you like to close any other account, sir?
no, I'm only doing one at a time. at this point. So.
OK, sir. Just to confirm I will be closing your savings account with Intellibank and transferring the residual balance of seven thousand one hundred and fifty-one dollars and seven nine cents. From your savings account to the checking account number one two zero zero seven zero zero one four three. Is this all correct sir?
Yes. It is and do you know how soon that money will be transferred? I mean how long does it take?
It usually takes three to five business days for the transfer to occur. and the savings account with Intellibank will. It usually closes within one to two weeks. Is there anything else I can do sir? would you like to learn about any of our banking products?
No no no, I'm I got to go take a nap. That that'll be all thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank and my name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name?
Marsha Stevens.
How are you doing Ms. Stevens?
I'm doing OK today Jake.
OK can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
OK. Also can I get your account number?
A A zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
Alrighty and for securities security purpose can I get your email?
OK. It's Organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Organic peach at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
OK. And also for security, security purpose can I also get your favorite animal?
Giraffe.
All right. I almost forgot. can I get your driver's license or state ID?
Yes. P G one three three seven four eight
You said seven four eight?
Yes.
OK. And what can I help you with today?
I have a problem with my account. I'm looking, I bought a rug and it was nineteen ninety-nine but on my bank statement it's saying twenty ninety-nine and I'm just wondering why. Did somebody, you know, put it in wrong or what because it it's not twenty ninety-nine. It's nineteen ninety-nine.
Mhm.
OK. Let me look into that. is this a recent transaction?
Yes it is.
OK. And where was this from?
This was at Roses.
Roses?
Yes.
OK. Alrighty, I see it here. Do you have the receipt number?
Yes I do.
Mkay, can. Can I get that?
Yes. Zero three five one zero two one zero zero zero five zero nine one eight one one one nine.
OK. Sometimes when you go to stores like that they might not have updated they system and I'm guessing this this rug was on sale?
yeah.
OK. then then that's probably what's going on. Someone probably didn't enter in they system the same way it came out. but we can get that fixed. Just wait for three to five business days.
Oh OK.
Then that money will get back on your card with no problem.
Oh all right.
is there anything else I can do for you?
Oh no, that's about it. I so it wasn't a so you think it was the store mistake?
It is it's a possibility it's a store mistake. we will check on that. we got the reference number and we need to look further into it but if this is the case then, yes, the money will be reimbursed back on to your account.
OK and it'll take a couple of days?
Yes, three to five business days. usually when when this happens it it's it might even do it automatically. The store, and once the store updates, or our system updates we'll get that get that signal from the store to update your price change within three to five business days.
And you'll notify me with my
yes. You do you have the online Yes. And so every transaction that that's goes on with that will probably update in real-time so it will hit your account as soon as it happens.
Yes. I do. The the app? Yes.
Oh, OK. Well that's fine. Thank you. Oh, well have you had any trouble with your accounts or anything like this happening to you?
actually yeah this this this this ain't the first time this happened. I think Like last month or so I had a the kind of the same issue and once it was done the the bank got in touch with the the storefront and it they worked it worked itself out.
Oh OK.
Yeah so you you have nothing to worry about ma'am.
OK.
Oh, OK. That's great. Alrighty then thank you. You have a nice day.
You have a nice day too.
Alrighty, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Someone. I lost my credit card or someone stole it and I need to talk to somebody.
Oh I am sorry about that. It's horrible when you lose a credit card.
Yeah. You really have to worry about that.
Well, we could take care of that for you today. If I could have your name, please?
Gene Lee.
OK, and your date of birth?
February fifteen, nineteen fifty-six.
And I could. If I could have your drivers license number, please?
L four two two seven eight nine, six four one zero.
And for the security question, your mother's maiden name?
Brown.
OK, and when was the last time you had your credit card?
I had it this morning when I was shopping.
Kay, and what was the last store you shopped at today?
Dollar Tree.
OK, and do you know how much the charge was for that?
Nine dollars.
OK. let me look that up. If you could give me your credit card number, please?
Well, that's the problem. I don't have it because I lost it. But can you wait a minute? I think I wrote that down.
Yes.
I'll be right back.
OK, here. I have it now.
OK.
It's a Visa card.
All right.
Four one four seven, two two zero nine, three seven one two. How long's it take to do this?
we we'll cancel it immedi~
And do you think
Do you think you. Do you do that right away, or do I have to wait, or what?
We. We do it immediately. We'll cancel the card immediately. And it takes seven to ten business days for the credit card to get to you.
So, can you tell if the Dollar Tree was the last charge on the card? Hopefully nobody else has been using it.
let me look and see. I can see that. I do see a charge for the Exxon station there. For. For thirty-five dollars.
Well. I'm not sure about that. Cuz my husband has a card, too. He might have bought gas. I think he. I think he planned to buy gas, cuz the car was about on empty.
OK. And I see another charge here. That was made just a half hour ago.
Well, that, I didn't do.
Mkay, so. It was for six hundred dollars and twenty-five cents.
Well, I definitely didn't do that.
Well, I'm glad you called in to cancel that card. We will go ahead and cancel that and.
Will you cancel that charge, too? I won't get charged for that, will I?
Yes, we will cancel that charge for you, too. What address would you like it sent to?
Twenty-three Forest Road, Frederick, Maryland, two one seven zero one.
Is there anything else that?
Mm.
Well, I have to think.
How's your day been going? Mine's not been doing too well so far.
Yeah, I'm sorry, it doesn't sound good at all. Well, my day's going well, and I hope that canceling the card and canceling the charge will help your day go better.
Well, especially canceling that charge. Sure hope they, you know, catch these people that use peoples' cards.
I hope, so, too. Is there anything else we could do for you today?
Well. Not sure.
We do offer. Do you have the online banking?
No, I don't have that.
If you'd like to sign up for that, that will show all the charges that are done on your credit card. That day.
It shows it up right then and there?
Yes, it will say pending, and in a day or so, it will show it as a permanent charge.
Oh, maybe I should do that. How do you do that?
Well, I could.
I do. I can go on the computer, I imagine, and do that, can't I?
Sign.
You could. The best thing would go to the bank itself. And they will set that up for you.
OK, well, anyway. I guess when I get the new card I'll come into the bank and I'll do that, so. Keep better tabs on things.
All right. Anything else I could do for you today?
No, I guess that's it. Thank you for your help.
Oh, you're welcome. Hope you have a good day.
You, too.
Mm, bye.
Mm, bye.
Hello, good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. I'm Paul. How can I help you, sir?
good morning. My name is Billy.
OK, Billy. so.
I, I really can't find my card. I don't know if it is stolen or I misplaced it or what exactly the problem is. But I was out I think all day yesterday, really really busy and then I just go home and then I couldn't find the card anymore. Like, I don't know what happened. Yeah.
OK.
OK, will you tell me the last time you used the card?
the last time I used the card, I think that was at an Amazon store. Yeah, I ordered a television. Yeah, Amazon store, yeah.
OK.
OK, Mister. Please, can you please tell me your first name?
OK, my first name will be Billy, that will be Billy, sir.
OK, Billy.
Yes, sir.
OK, Mister Billy. Can you please tell my your last name?
I'm Green, sir.
OK. Mister Billy Green.
Yes, sir.
Would you please tell me your date of birth, sir?
OK, my date of birth Hold on a minute, sir. OK, that will be sixteenth of November.
Sixteen of November.
Nineteen eighty-three, sir.
Nineteen eighty-three. Will you please confirm your date of birth, sir?
Yes, sir.
sixteenth of November nineteen eighty-three.
OK.
OK, thank you Mister Billy. Can you tell, do you have any means of identification?
Yes, I do, sir. That would be Just hold on a minute let me find the perfect one for you, sir.
OK.
Mkay.
Hello, are you with me?
Yes.
I, I have here my driver's license, sir.
OK.
Yeah, OK.
Gimme the number.
OK, that will be six three.
Six three.
Two one.
Two one.
One two.
One two.
Three three.
OK.
One seven.
OK. can you please call to me your number again?
that would be six three.
OK.
Two one.
Yes, .
One three.
OK.
Three three. One seven.
OK, Mister Billy. Will you please hold on while I check your details?
Yes, sir.
All right, sir.
I'm sorry. I hope you wouldn't mind if I indulge you a bit and ask you some questions sir. OK so I tried to get my nephew a job at bank. I don't know. He he kept complaining, like it's really stressful and that you guys always have targets to meet and all of that. So I don't know how that works. Like how stressful is the bank job and how good has it been for you, sir?
OK. I wouldn't mind sir.
Well, for me, I enjoy doing the bank job.
Yeah.
Because I get to talk to a lot of people because of the department I am Customer Servicer just imagine talking to a great man like you Mister Billy Green.
OK.
OK.
Wow, wow. OK, OK, so. So you would really advise if I could just talk him into getting the bank job Right.
Absolutely. It has been fun and all
a nice job you know.
OK, all right, all right. Thank you so much. Thank you for your indulgence, sir.
Yeah.
Mister Billy.
Yes, sir?
Would you like me cancel the card?
Yes, please sir.
Can you please give me the card number.
All right, that would be hold on a minute please OK, I think I saved it somewhere on my phone, but I have to search for it now. So, just give me some time please. OK, OK, sir. I got number now.
OK, Mister Billy.
Yes, so that will be seven seven.
Seven seven.
Three one.
Three one.
Two seven.
Two seven.
Six two.
Six two.
Six three.
Six three.
Five nine.
Five nine.
Six three.
Six three.
One one.
One one. Mister Billy.
Yes, sir?
Kindly confirm your security number, your card number rather.
OK, that will be seven seven.
OK.
Three one.
One two.
OK.
Seven six. Six three.
OK.
Five nine. Six three.
OK.
One one two, sir.
OK. Mr. Billy. Can you hold on a bit while I cancel your card?
Yes, sir.
OK, sir.
I would also like to ask about your check account. Yeah, I, I would like to ask about your check account, the Intellibank check account.
OK, you mean the Intellibank checkings account? OK. What would you like to know about it?
Yeah. Yes. Exactly. Sorry, sir about that.
I would like to know it works and how I can get one cuz I think I I want you all put on a savings account.
OK, Mr. Billy.
Yes, sir.
Can you drop your email address with me. I will forward you all the details you need. to know about the checkings account.
OK.
OK.
OK, so I will. My email address would be Billy G.
OK, Billy G.
Yeah, at
Yahoo dot com.
At Yahoo dot com.
Yeah.
Yeah, can I come again?
Yeah, please come again.
Yeah.
Yeah, Billy Gee at Yahoo dot com.
OK.
All right.
I will forward. OK, I just forward you the details you need to the checking account OK, checking account Would you like me issue another card for you Mister Billy?
Thank.
All right, thank you. I think I have got it. Yeah, I think I just received that thing.
Yes.
Yes, please.
OK. Any security question?
OK, yeah. My summer vacation, favorite summer vacation.
OK.
Yeah, that would be in Hawaii.
Hawaii, whoa nice city.
Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
So, I'll be issuing you another card Mister Billy.
All right.
Please take .
All right, sir.
Are you with me, sir?
Yes, I am, sir.
.
All right, sir.
OK, Mister Billy.
Yes, sir.
Can you kindly confirm to me the address you like.
OK,
The card to be sent to?
That would be number seven.
Number seven?
Equator Street.
OK.
Yeah. Australia.
OK. OK. The card will be delivered to you in the next five working days, Mr. Billy. I'll make it all done.
All right. All right.
OK, sir.
And just keep your hands crossed.
All right, sir.
The card will be sent to you.
Thank you very much, sir. I really appreciate this.
OK, Mister Billy.
Yes, sir.
Mister Billy?
Yes, sir?
Is there anything that you like me to attend to?
No, I think I'm all good, sir.
Thank you for using Intellibank.
OK, thank you, sir.
OK, have a nice day.
Yeah, thank you.
Ring ring.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jenny. How can I help you?
I'd like to report my credit card stolen or lost.
OK, I'd be happy to help you with that. may I have your name, please?
Gladys Johnson.
And how do you spell the last name, please?
Pretty sure the spelling is J O H N S O N.
J O H N S O N. OK, Gladys. And let's see, your four digit PIN code, please?
Zero nine one nine.
Perfect, and your date of birth.
I think it's one nineteen fifty-seven.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much, Gladys. Just a few more questions before we proceed. the name of your favorite film?
Red Juice.
Great, and your first pet.
Lassie.
Awesome. Thank you so much. OK, and this card was attached to your checking account?
Correct.
And that account number, please.
Zero seven one three six zero six.
Perfect. OK. so, let's see. I'm just gonna go ahead and take a few moments to get that card canceled for you.
OK.
Let's see. So how are you doing otherwise today?
Oh, pretty good beside this?
And actually while I looked I noticed that there has been some activity on your card. What Do you remember what your last transaction was?
Yeah, I the pet store.
OK, let's see. OK, so I do see some unusual activity on the card and I do see a pet store transaction, but there's several more after that. Looks like somebody may have your card.
They must have because that's the last purchase I made.
OK so we'll go ahead and get these transactions reversed cancel your card and turn this over to the fraud department.
OK, that works.
And then they'll be in touch with you if they need any further information.
Thank you very much.
OK, so let's see. Gimme one second. All right, Gladys. So I did go ahead and get that card shut off and I need you to verify the address we'll be sending the new card to, please.
Six three nine Navy Street.
Six three nine Navy.
Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Colorado Springs.
Eight zero nine zero four.
Eight zero nine zero four. All right, let me read that back to you just to be sure I got it correct. That's six thirty-nine Navy Street. Colorado Springs, Colorado. Eight zero nine zero four.
That's correct.
All right. Great Gladys. So that card, your new card should be to you within three to five days. In the meantime, if you need if you'll need to make any purchases you'll just have to come and get cash. Is that gonna be all right?
Yes, that's fine.
OK, perfect. so now that that's all taken care of, is there anything else I can do do for you this afternoon.
Yes, please. I need you to check my balance on my card.
OK, and let's see. You mean, the balance of your account?
Yes, Ma'am.
OK, great. And let's see. And that checking account number again, please.
Zero seven one.
mhm.
Three six zero six.
Perfect. OK, and your balance on that account is four hundred and eighteen dollars and eighty-three cents.
Can I please receive the balance of my savings account, please?
Oh, sure. Hang on one second. Let me look that up. And that number?
saving account is zero seven one.
mhm.
Three six zero six zero.
Zero seven one three six zero six zero. All right, that's correct. All right, Gladys. So your balance in that account and your savings account is one hundred and seven thousand three hundred and eighty-one dollars and three cents.
Thank you, thank you very much. So how's your day going?
Oh, it's going very well. I was gonna say now, are you familiar with our online banking? That way you'd be able to log in and check your balance any time you saw the need.
I am I am familiar with it but I don't because I don't want access to my account information or whatever.
Oh, I
Totally understand. These are different days in this country for sure.
Yeah, and
Because of the person that obviously took my card, I don't want to make any information available to them.
Sure that makes total sense to me, OK. Well, I am I think that's a very good decision.
Thank you.
All right, so if there's, is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's gonna due for today.
All right. gimme one minute while I close the accounts off my computer screen. OK. All right, and actually, let me check with my supervisor and make sure there's nothing I needed to do further about those fraudulent charges.
I appreciate that.
No, problem. Thank you so much, Gladys. I be right back.
Hi, Gladys, are you there?
I am.
OK, I checked with my supervisor and she does want me to transfer you over to the fraud department so they can speak with you about these charges.
OK.
OK, so give me just one second and I will transfer you to the fraud department.
Thank you.
Thank you. It was very nice speaking with you today. Have a good afternoon.
Thank you.
Thank you. Here you go.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim and I'm calling about a question from on my account, please?
Sure. I can certainly help you with that. I just need to get some personal information from you to get started. So you said your first name is Kim and what's your last name hun?
my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
OK. Thank you so much and can I have the account number that you're calling about?
yes. The account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
That's my checking account and actually that's why I'm calling. I wanted to I wanted to find the a ATM near me and I also wanted to see if you could tell me what my account balance is, please.
Oh.
Certainly. I can help you with both of those things. Bear with me just a moment.
I just have to ask you a few other questions. can you please tell me your street address, please?
Sure. It's forty-nine Holland Drive.
Thank you and the city?
that's Philadelphia and state PA and the ZIP is one nine one zero nine if you need that.
OK. Thank you so much.
And bear with me just a moment. I'm gonna look for the ATM that's closest to you and then I get you your balance.
OK great. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
How have you been doing today?
Oh well, I've been doing great. Thank you so much for asking. How have you been?
I've been doing great as well. Thank you.
Aww, that's wonderful. Are you enjoying this great weather we're having?
I am. It's it's nice to see things have finally evened out. It it was crazy up here for a while.
Lots of flooding. I've had, you know, lots of family manner family members be displaced because of all that rain. But it. It seems like things are getting better, and hopefully we don't see any more rain.
Oh, goodness.
Yeah. I definitely saw I I don't generally watch the news per se but I do watch YouTube pretty often and I saw all the rain and all the water everywhere and the damage. I'm so sorry that you had to endure that. But I'm very happy that it's over now. It's it's been a little rainy here as well but mostly very muggy which I can't stand. You you wouldn't think that as I I've grown up here at the beach but I just hate for it to be unbearably hot and sticky where you just feel you can't breathe and you're sweating as soon as you get in your vehicle. It's awful.
Yeah.
But now it started to cool down and it feels a lot more like fall. Thank goodness. I'm so ready for it.
Oh, me too. I love fall. It's the absolutely my favorite time of the year.
I love how up where you are the the trees, the the colors, that they change, are so amazing. We don't really get to see all that amazing glory down here but some places, it it they change a little bit but not. It's nothing like it is where you are. It's absolutely breathtaking up in Pennsylvania.
Yes. Yeah the fall season is is got to be the beautiful the most beautiful time up here. I I love it as well.
Wow and now you said that I feel like I need to make a road trip and come and see it cuz I'm gonna you know not get to see it down here.
Well, make sure you wait until these you know flood, all these flooded areas, have been kinda cleared up and cleaned up. I know a lot of roads have been closed because of you know the weather so.
Oh yeah. Yeah definitely. I wonder how long will it take for the water to you know go back in the ground.
I am not sure. We haven't heard a lot as far as what is you know. What kind of. What kind of future we got going on I just, you know, I see everybody working outside everyday. Trying to you know get things together, get their houses together so.
Gosh. Well, I sure hope that it's sooner rather than later for your sake.
Yeah. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
You're so welcome and I was able to find the ATM that was closer to you.
Oh great.
it's at nine hundred Market Street are you familiar with that?
Nine hundred Market Street. Yes I am. OK.
yes, ma'am. and also I was able to get in to your account. It looks like you have three thousand and eleven dollars and forty-seven cents.
Perfect.
OK perfect.
All right and was there anything else that I could help you with today, Kim?
no, that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
Oh, you're so very welcome. It was nice chit-chatting with you and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thanks, Hun. You too.
Thank you. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name's Nikia. How can I help you today?
Yes. I'm calling to see about an account.
All right, sir. So you want to look at your account online or would you like to check your account balance or what what account information were you needing?
checking account.
so you have an account with this bank?
No I don't.
OK. So you would like to open a checking account?
Yes.
All right sir, I can help you with that. Before I complete your request, I'll need a few a little bit of information to set up your account.
All right.
OK sir, so can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. Tyrone Jackson.
OK. Tyrone.
Yes.
Jackson. All right sir, can I get your date of birth?
Yes. Twelve four nineteen seventy-four.
Twelve four nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
All right sir. I'm gonna need some authentication number for you. that's just to set up your account for security purposes. Do you have a credit card number you'd like to add?
no. I don't have a credit card.
OK sir, we can use your driver's license number. Would you like to use that?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Go ahead.
Excuse me. nine one six five two four nine six nine.
All right, sir. Again that number is nine one six five two four nine six nine.
Yes.
OK. Sir, we also need to set up a security question for you. it could be. You can have your mother's maiden name, the name of the street you lived on as a child or you can have your name of your first pet.
I'd like to use the name of my first pet please.
OK, sir. What was that?
Midnight.
All right.
N I T E.
N I T E?
Yes.
OK. Thank you for clarity, sir.
Uh-huh.
OK and I have a few more questions just to get the most information on file for you.
OK.
I need your full address. City, state and ZIP code please.
OK. It's thirty-three oh seven West Verb Street Jonesboro Arkansas, seven two four oh four.
OK, sir.
And you said thirty-three oh seven West Verb Street? V E R B in Jonesboro. J O N E S B O R O. Arkansas?
Yes.
Yes.
Seven two four oh four?
Correct.
All right. And what phone number would you like listed?
area code six oh nine four five one eight nine two three.
OK sir and that phone number was six oh nine four five one?
Yes.
Eight nine two three.
Yes, correct.
OK and I would need your full social security number please.
yes. It is nine one five six six seven seven nine three.
So OK, that was nine one five six six seven seven nine three?
Yes.
All right, sir. And would you like to open a checking or savings account you said?
checking.
All right. So you want to open a new checking account with the bank. All right sir. We have two options for our newest clients. Our first checking is just a basic checking account. There's no minimum to deposit and there's no maintenance fee. So you don't have to have a certain balance in there. You know, it can actually go all way to zero. There's no fee for that, you know. There's the basic overdraw fees and everything that we'll give that information to you in your new member packet. and the second option is the checking plus account. It requires a hundred dollars minimum deposit and maintbye bye. Sorry. A minimum deposit in. Excuse me sir.
OK.
You all right? .
Fumbling here. And a fifty dollar maintenance fee. It's a monthly maintenance fee.
well I'll go with the first one.
OK. So you want the basic checking account with no minimum and no monthly maintenance fee?
Yes.
Yes.
All right, sir. And for that account you can either deposit today or you can set up a direct deposit and I can give you information about the direct deposit online in your packet that we'll send out to you.
OK.
All right. give me just a moment while I set up that account for you.
All right.
All right, Mr. Jackson. We have set up your new checking account. We'll be sending you out a new member packet at the address you have given us for on file at thirty-three oh seven West Verb Street in Jonesboro Arkansas seven two four oh four ZIP code. That should arrive in the mail in the next five days. Once you get that packet, you will also have a debit card set up online. You can go online and I will include that information in the packet so that you can set it up from home.
OK.
All right. Thank All right. Will that be all for you today, sir?
Sounds good.
Yes ma'am.
All right. Thank you so much Mr. Jackson for your time and your patience. Again, my name is Nikia. Enjoy the rest of your day.
All right. You too.
Thank you.
.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank.
This is Susan, how may I help you today?
Hi, Susan. this is Justine and I need to do a wire transfer to another company. To a company that I don't know if they're your customer or not but, I need to do a wire transfer.
OK, Justine. I can help you with that.
You wanna make a wire transfer from your Intellibank account, is that correct?
That's correct.
And and you have another account that you're going to send it to but you're not sure which bank it is.
I'm going to. If you could look that up, I'm going to need the routing number of the bank.
Oh, I've.
Got all that information.
OK.
OK, great. Well, we'll start first with I'll need your full name and your birthday.
OK. It's Justine Cramer. C R A M E R. and I was born December thirteenth nineteen sixty-two.
Kay.
OK, Justine, and what is the account number of your Intellibank account?
It's eight two zero six nine nine one six.
OK. Just gimme a second here.
I see that you're already registered to make wire transfers. So, you're setup in our system and what is. I'll need the information of the routing number and the account number and the name of the person that you'll be sending money to.
OK. The the routing number is six oh nine nine, two eight five zero, two three. And it's going to Todd Nickerson.
OK.
And that if you need the company names, it's Effi Wings. E F F I Wings.
OK, and what is Todd Nickerson's account number?
OK. Are you ready?
Yep.
It's four one nine six one three five zero two.
OK.
Justin, if you wanna hold.
OK.
I've got the routing number. You need that routing number or did I already give it to you. Oh, I already gave it to you.
You gave me the routing number. Ends in five zero two three.
Yep. Yeah, that's it. OK.
And give me just a couple of minutes and I'll call this up for you.
I appreciate it. are you are you in Raleigh?
no I'm not. I am in another state but.
But you work with the Raleigh branch.
Branch.
Yes.
And Justine, what's the amount today that you wanna send?
Eleven thousand dollars.
OK.
I'm just checking this now.
While that's loading, do you want to give me your current email address?
Oh! Yeah. That's a good idea. Well, you probably have it but, it might be a new one. Justine Cramer. C R A M E R and that's a that's a Gmail address.
Yes. We do have that one, that's good. It hasn't changed.
do do you have any idea when this money will be delivered, when they'll receive it?
It's usually within twenty-four hours if it's outside the bank to another bank.
OK.
Yeah, that's fine. That's gonna be Great.
And we will send you a confirmation email when it is complete.
Super. That's gonna that's gonna that's gonna help. I appreciate your help on this.
OK. So, I am sending from your account that, your account that ends in two eight nine nine, I am sending
eleven thousand dollars. Todd Nickerson, Effi Wings and the routing number, six oh nine nine, two eight five oh, two three.
That's all correct. Yes.
And the account is, four one nine six, one three five zero two.
Perfect. Perfect, yep.
That's correct? OK.
And I'm processing that right now. Give me just a a minute or so.
All right.
So, a really hot part of the country or just a hot part of the country?
it's been pretty nice nowadays.
Yeah. Change of season is good.
It's.
It's gonna get hot soon but, it's pretty nice right now. How about you?
Yeah. Well, I'm. I'm in in Raleigh on the East Coast .
Oh! That's a beautiful part of the country.
Yeah. Oh yeah! A lot of people think so. A lot of people are moving here.
Right. OK. I see now here that this transfer this wire transfer is processing and that will be a forty-five dollar fee.
Oh! OK. Can you can you just put it on that same account?
That that will come out of your bank account.
OK. That'd be great.
see that and like I say in within twenty-four hours, that transfer should be complete and you'll receive an email at the email address we have on file for you. And so, is there anything else?
No. I I appreciate you making this so easy. I appreciate it.
That I can help you with?
OK, and so I've answered all your questions today.
Yep.
We're all set. Thanks very much.
OK, Justin. Thanks for calling Intellibank.
OK.
OK. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Amber. How can I help you?
Yeah, hi. This is Robert Johnson.
Hi, Robert. How can I help you today?
Well, I was hoping you can. I'm over here eating mimosas, and having a wonderful brunch at Johnny's.
Oh, sure. That's a good place. I, I like. I like going there.
Yeah, they have wonderful mimosas.
how can I help you?
Oh, right. Yeah, sorry. I was in the middle of just chit chatting. It's so loud in here. It. Would. Is there a nearby branch?
yep, I can definitely help you with that. I can also let you know of the closest ATM
Oh, that would be even better, actually.
Sure. OK, just give me a moment here to pull up my screen.
Yeah, go ahead. Sure.
OK, what is the street address that you are currently at?
Oh, that's at
Oh, see, let me ask them. Oh, OK, it's twelve thirteen Oscar Lane. San Diego, California, nine two oh eight three.
OK, give me one moment here while I punch that in. OK, it looks like the nearest ATM is about one mile down the road, and that's going to be at twelve zero one Shell Avenue.
Oh, OK. Yeah, I know where that is. That's only. I can catch a cab from here, definitely.
Certainly. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, no. I think you've been really good. Thank you.
OK, well, if there's nothing else I can help you with, you enjoy the rest of your day, and enjoy your meal at Johnny's.
I will. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes, Steven. This is Dan Thomas, and I called a couple days ago. And I believe I talked to you. And the reason I called then is to close out my savings account and I need to transfer those remaining funds to my checking account.
All right, Mr. Thomas. I can certainly help you with that. I do remember that call If you can go ahead and verify your first and last name for me one more time?
Dan Thomas, T H O M A S.
Thank you, and your date of birth?
May twelfth, nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And the last four of your social security number, please?
Eight zero, one one.
Thank you. And then your driver's license number?
O M five three, D V H A I Q nine.
Thank you, sir. And then, just your security question here. What is the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
All right, thank you for verifying that information for me Mr. Thomas. And now, you were wanting to When you called the other day, you were wanting to close out your savings account. Is that correct?
That's correct. The reason I want to close it out is I'm not earning very much interest on it and I just really don't use it much anymore.
All right. So you've gone ahead and made the decision to go ahead and close that out?
Yes, I assume that's already been closed out?
I can.
it actually looks like in the system, we didn't close it out. you were wanting. Looks like I noted here that you were gonna take some time to think about whether or not you wanted to close it.
yes. Let's go ahead and close that out, and let's transfer that remaining funds to my checking account.
All right, I can certainly do that for you. Can I get the account number for the savings account, please?
For the savings?
just one second. Let me look it up.
No problem. Take your time, sir.
OK. My savings account number is three one one, two one five, seven five, one four.
All right, sir. Thank you for that. And you said you're closing it because you're just not getting much of the interest off of it. You don't really use it that very much. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. And you're wanting to. Where would you like to transfer this? Into a checking account, or you have a different savings account you'd like to transfer it to?
to my checking account that I have with your bank.
All right. No problem. If you can go ahead and let me know the routing number for that checking account and the account number, please.
The routing number is nine one eight, eight one nine seven three nine. And the checking account number is two zero nine, zero two one eight four, two zero.
All right, sir. I've gone ahead and pulled that up and it looks like you have a remaining balance in your savings account of two hundred dollars and ninety-two cents at the time of closure. So you just wanna move all of that to your savings or to your checking account? I'm sorry.
Yes, please.
All right. I'll go ahead and get that setup, and you should see that money reflected in your checking balance by the close of business today.
All right. That sounds great. Is is there a fee associated with this?
no sir. There won't be any fee. it looks like you've you've closed it out in time. So you shouldn't be charged a service fee for that savings account this month. if you do happen to see it come through, please call us back and so that we can reverse that. The system may not have picked it up in time, but it should not charge you.
OK, that's great. How's your day going?
Oh, my day's pretty good. I'm actually almost off work so even better.
All right. That's great.
Yes. All right, Mr. Thomas. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I believe you've been a great help. That's that's all I need right now.
All right. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank Customer Service. And if you'll hang on the line after we disconnect, there will be a brief survey for you to fill that will let us know how we did today and how we can better service you in the future.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a wonderful rest of your day, Mr. Thomas.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven, how can I help you?
yes, my name is Dan Thomas and I called the other day about an issue I had on my savings account. I had requested that it be closed and the funds transferred to my checking account. And I need to check the balance of my checking account to see if that money has been transferred.
Absolutely Mr. Thomas, I do remember that call and I can certainly help you check that. Can I have you verify your first and last name for me?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you. And your date of birth?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And the account number for your checking account please.
Nine one eight eight one nine seven three nine four.
Thank you sir. And then just to verify for the security question, the name or the make of your first car please.
that would've been a nineteen sixty-five Chevy Camaro.
All right, thank you, I verified that information and I've got your account up here. now you were you said you closed your savings account the other day, I remember that, and it does show that that account has been closed. And then you're wanting to check the balance of your checking account, is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. And can you give me the account number for that account again please?
Nine one eight eight one nine seven three nine four.
All right, thank you Mr. Thomas. I see that the available balance today in that account is one thousand ninety-six dollars and twenty-three cents.
OK. And you do show that the balance reflects the transfer from my savings to that account?
Yes sir. I see that that transfer having taken place and it is still marked as pending since that was only a yesterday. It looks like that that transfer went through but that money is available in your account as of right now.
OK. so I can I can withdraw that money if need be?
Yes. If that money if there are any charges to your account that that money will be available to cover those charges, that is correct.
All right, that sounds great. how's the weather doing up there where you're at?
the weather's been pretty good. they say we're in for quite a bit of rain coming up so I'm not really looking forward to that.
Well that's that's bad weather. I like for it to be sunny and warm.
Yeah I I do to.
I guess it always has to rain.
Yeah we you know. Rain's good for various reasons. It's just not very fun to be out and about in.
OK. Well, I think that's all I need today.
All right. Well thank you for calling customer service here at Intellibank. And if you will hang on the line after I after we disconnect there will be a brief survey for you to fill out. Let us know how we did today and how we can better service you in the future.
OK. I do appreciate your time.
No no problem Mr. Thomas. You have a wonderful day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
yes. Hello. I'm Pauline. I'm a customer with you guys and I have an account there. I actually have a checking account and actually, I'm calling to dispute a charge that I see online can can someone help me with that?
Absolutely. In able for me to be able to look into your account, let me get a few pieces of information from you. May I have your full name?
yes. My name is Sara, S A R A. Dunning, D U N N I N G.
OK, Miss Dunning. May I also have your date of birth?
absolutely. It's oh eight oh seven, nineteen eighty.
also one last piece of information. May I please have your driver's license number?
Mm, sure. No problem. It is two one two, oh six oh seven, one three.
OK, Missus Dunning. I am into your account. I can see everything. so what exactly. First of all, which account are we looking into today?
it's gonna be my checking account which is you know, tied to my debit card. And it's the one that I use the most and make purchases on So that account is going to be oh seven seven six eight two five.
OK. Great. I am in that account now. Into your primary checking account. And what exactly can I help you with today on this account?
OK. So, the deal is is I have a I have a. If you look through if you look through to June twentieth I have a duplicate charge. It's for fourteen dollars and ninety-nine cents to a company called Robux. one of the charges is fine. They charged me twice. And I don't know why they did that, but it's for the same exact thing and I only wanted it once. So basically, they double charged me. And I've gone through them to try to get it cleared up and it's taking a long time. So I just wanna go through my bank and fight it that way cuz I'm fine with paying one of them but I don't want to pay two of them.
OK. No problem. I see exactly what you're talking about. I see a two charges basically made one minute after each other for fourteen ninety-nine to a company called Roblux, Robux on June twentieth, twenty twenty-one. Is that correct?
yes. It's it's a company called Robux. So do you have any kids?
actually, I do not
Oh, well then, that's why you don't know what Robux are. It's just like the newest thing. It's a video game, but I swear they are addicted. And the game is free. But they get you to buy these things called Robux. And the Robux are basically like money, but who pays it? The adults and the kids get to play it for free and trade their Robux. Well, anyway, I bought it for my kids. And I I told them they could get you know, one like one purchase. And anyway, the company charged me twice. But anyway, that's what the Robux are.
Oh, wow. I I've never heard of this Robux. And I mean I know kids are loving these video games these days, but you know, they can't make their parents go broke over them I guess.
you got that right. If it was up to my kids, they would be buying hundreds and thousands of dollars in Robux every month, so I definitely have to keep a like a cap on it, but I can't have the company double charging me either.
Yeah. I see what you're saying. Wow, that's that's funny. So let's see here. I have got the second charge for fourteen ninety-nine, I have that flagged. That is not going to come out of your account until it gets investigated. And I have all the notes on it saying how you were double charged. They're going to look into it, and it's gonna be wiped off. It's it's gonna stay there for about maybe fourteen business days, just so it can get investigated. And then, it's going to go away. But as of as of this moment, there's a freeze on it. Meaning it's not coming out your account, it's not gonna be taken out. It's just sitting there to be investigated. They're gonna contact this company and they're gonna let them know which if you've already contacted the company, they already know too. But it'll be taken care of in about fourteen business days.
OK. So is that guaranteed? That like it's it's going to get taken care of? Like it's not like a well maybe maybe it will, maybe it won't type thing? Like I'll pay it once, but I won't pay it twice.
No, absolutely. We this account comes with a like a a security program. A fraud protection that if you dispute anything we're gonna take care of you. And this one's pretty obvious of what happened. So, you you don't have to worry about it. It's just it has to go through the process. of being looked at, being investigated, and being taken care of. But you will not be charged this additional fourteen ninety-nine. And you it won't come out of your account. It'll it'll stay on there for about fourteen days, but it's gonna go away after that. And you will receive an email letting you know when it's the case is closed and you don't have to worry about it anymore.
OK. That sounds wonderful. yeah. I have to I guess I'll just have to monitor it more carefully in the future when I buy my kids these these Robux thingies. but OK. No. That that sounds wonderful, thank you.
Oh, no problem, Mrs. Dunning. Is there anything else I can help you with?
actually I actually I would like to check my my savings account real quick. I haven't looked at that in a while. Can can you check on that for me real fast, and just tell me what the balance is?
Absolutely ma'am. Can you just can you just give me one of. You have a security question attached to this account. So in order for me to look into it for you over the phone, can you just please give me your mother's maiden name?
absolutely. It's Martin, M A R T I N.
OK, great. I'm in. this account has five hundred and sixty-two dollars as the balance.
OK, thank you so much. That's pretty much all I needed to know.
OK. Well if that's all for you today it was a pleasure helping you, and thank you for calling us. And have a great day.
Thank you. You too. Bye now.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. Lisa speaking, and to whom am I speaking with?
with Emily Forbes.
Thank you Miss Forbes, and may I have the account number that your calling in regards to today?
Yes ma'am it would be four oh three twenty-one seven seven four zero zero nine three.
Thank you, I have that as four zero three two one seven seven four zero zero nine three.
Yes ma'am that is correct.
Great, and is that a checking or a savings account?
It would be a savings account.
Thank you. Miss Forbes can you please verify for me your date of birth?
Yes ma'am. September second nineteen ninety-one.
Awesome, and may I also have the sixteen digit card number associated to your savings account?
Yes ma'am give me one second, and let me go ahead and look for that for you.
Absolutely, take your time.
OK I found it my credit card number would be four eight five three nine four one seven nine six three zero zero nine three two.
Thank you, I have that as four eight five three nine four one seven nine six three zero zero nine three two.
Yes ma'am that is correct.
All right great one last piece of information please if you wouldn't mind verifying for me the name of your first pet.
Yes ma'am it my name of my first pet would be Amy.
Amy. Could you spell that for me please?
Yes ma'am no problem A M Y.
Great. And Miss Forbes how can I help you today?
I was trying to close my account, and transfer over the remaining funds to my new account. I no longer need this this bank no more.
OK well I can definitely assist you in transferring your funds. I show that your balance in your savings account is eight hundred fifty-six dollars and ninety-three cents. Now if you don't mind me asking. What's the reason for closing your account with us today?
I I just don't need the account no more I want I want to go to a new bank that offers rewards programs, such as mortgage loans and credit credit
Cash back and you know credit loans.
OK. Well I can definitely understand that now mortgage loans is not one the current products that we offer. We do offer some pretty great credit cards that have different rewards programs. Are you familiar with any of our credit cards that we offer?
no ma'am. I was looking into y'all's traveling's card if anything.
Oh you must mean our travelers card, yeah that's a a great card, do you travel?
yes I do I just ain't never I I mean I have never flew on a plane before. Yeah. I'm I'm getting on one actually pretty soon, and just the weather and everything just makes me just really nervous. Have you ever flew before yourself?
Oh, wow
yes ma'am I've I've taken quite a few trips. I when I was younger I used to work for the airlines, and so I I got to travel frequently. Traveling you know during rain or thunderstorms is actually pretty awesome if you have a window seat. The show from up there is unlike anything you've seen before, so I would definitely recommend a a window seat as well as a pack of gum you're gonna want gum so your ears don't pop. But you'll be fine.
And you said you have flown in bad weather?
All right.
yes ma'am I I have I took a actually a pretty long trip from Texas to Washington state and it was raining cats and dogs but you know when you get high up and and the higher the altitude you'll actually find for the most part you're above the storm so you know it's like I said I would definitely recommend the window seat. cause then you can watch it you know. It's not like being in on the ground when you're watching the storm come down on you, but to be above the storm and watching it while it's happening is is pretty awesome.
OK.
Seems like something that I would I would really look into.
Yes ma'am. Now Miss Forbes we're gonna transfer your funds. Let me just let you know that it could take approximately five to seven business days. so you'll you'll want to allow for that. Now with today being Friday and Saturday and Sunday being non-business days. You wouldn't actually be expecting to receive your funds until approximately October fifteenth is that gonna be an issue?
yes and no. Would there be anyway I could get that like quicker or?
Sure, you always have the option of coming into the branch and withdrawing the funds and closing out the account with a teller. Otherwise, you know we can electronically transfer it. I just wanted to make sure that you're aware of the turn around time on that.
Yes I I guess I'll be OK.
OK, great then what I'm gonna need is I'm gonna need your nine digit routing number and your account number.
OK. Whenever you're ready.
Yeah, sure your nine digit routing number please.
OK it is two seven seven zero four nine eight two one.
Great I have that as two seven seven zero four nine eight two one for Bank of America?
Yes ma'am.
Great and what's your account number?
My account number would be three nine zero zero four seven seven one two three zero four.
Great, I have that as three nine zero zero four seven seven one two three zero four. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am it is.
Great. All right so I will go ahead and submit in the request to have your funds electronically transferred and again the balance on that is eight hundred fifty-six dollars and ninety-three cents. You should be expecting those to run on or about approximately October fifteenth.
All right and Miss Forbes was there anything else that I might be able to assist you with today?
No ma'am That really that's everything.
All right well it's been a pleasure speaking with you. You enjoy your trip, and thank you for being a valued customer of Intellibank you have a great day.
Thank you, you too. Bye bye.
Yes ma'am, goodbye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I have. I need to update actually my telephone number on my account and I was wondering if I could do that with you?
Certainly, I can help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions. get some information from you and we'll take it from there. I heard you say your first name is Kim. And what is your last name hun?
it's Johns, J O H N S.
Thank you so much, Ms. Johns. And what is your date of birth?
It's four twenty-four, seventy-seven.
OK, thank you so much. And can I please have your checking account number? That's the one you're checking right? Your your checking or savings? I'm sorry.
well, I'm trying to update my phone number, but I actually do need to check my my account. balance?
OK.
OK.
so I'll go ahead and give you my checking account information, now that way you can pull up my account.
OK, awesome.
It's one one two one zero zero zero five, nine five.
OK, thank you so much. And what is your mother's maiden name?
her maiden name is Davies, D A V I E S.
All right. Thank you so much. OK. And you wanted to update your phone number so you want me to take the one that we have out or leave it?
no. You can. I want to change my primary contact number to my cellphone. we actually are getting ready to move and getting rid of our landline so I need the contact number, you know, to be my cellphone. That'll be the only phone I have.
Sure. OK. I'll go ahead and take the phone that we have the phone number that we have on file off of your account and bear with me just a second. OK. And I am ready for that phone number when you are?
Sure, the number is seven one seven, nine nine three, zero five seven two.
Thank you so much. All right. And you wanted me to check your balance? Bear with me just a second.
Yes.
And when I update the the phone number with you, does that automatically update my online account as well? does it cuz I know online I under my profile it shows my telephone number and address and stuff. Does does. Will that update the online information?
It should but that's a good question. Sometimes I've had customers call me and say that it didn't. So why don't we just make sure that that went through do you mind pulling up Intellibank dot com. WWW Intellibank dot com?
Sure.
And when you get that pulled up, let me know and I'll tell you where to go.
So I guess I probably could've just done this online?
I think it's best when you call in because when you're speaking to someone and something doesn't go right on the the website, it's it we have a a record of this conversation. So that's just security for you. so you did the right thing.
OK.
OK, great. OK, I have it up.
OK, and there is a a little hamburger sign to the top left corner of your screen. I need you to click there.
Yep. OK.
All right. And I want you to scroll down to where it says profile.
OK.
OK. And where it says profile underneath there, we'll say personal and then click there on that little asterisk and you should see all of your information. Your address your account numbers and your phone number. And tell me what you see. Did it did it did it go through?
OK.
yes. It does look like it went through. So that works.
OK,
Fantastic. I'm so happy it worked this time. it it's so weird you would think, you know, it's a computer. They they speak to each other and it should all be the same, but it wasn't a few times. But anyway, I'm so glad that that worked. And I wanted to go ahead and get into your account and give you your balance. It looks like you have twenty thousand two hundred dollars and twelve cents.
OK, great. That matches what I have. I just wanted to check. Thank you so much.
You are so very welcome, Ms. Johns. was there anything else that I I could help you with today?
no. I think that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it. You've been wonderful.
Oh, you're so very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day, Ms. Johns. And again, we really value your loyalty here at Intellibank. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to call us. And you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks. You too hun.
Thank you. Bye.
Good morning and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Steven. How can I help you?
yeah, I received a notice in the mail about something being wrong with my account and I need to figure out what it is what happened how I need to fix it. I I don't know.
OK. I could see if I can help you out. Do you have the the notice with you?
yes.
OK. there should be a a four digit number at the top left. what is that number?
Top left top left? Seven eight zero four.
OK. It looks like you need to find a branch. close by you so you can go in in person and take care of that.
account and see what's going on with it. They'll need to actually see you in person.
OK. I don't think I live anywhere near one.
OK. Well let's get some information from you first and then we'll find a branch that's closest to you. and then we'll see if there's anything else I can help you with, OK?
OK.
That's great.
All right so let's start with your name?
Crystal Humphrey.
OK Crystal. What is your date of birth?
Ten twenty three nineteen eighty-seven.
OK. On the account do you have a credit card number? that you could give me?
I sure do.
Sure. four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
OK.
OK great. And for security purposes, I need to ask you your security question. your security question is what is the name of your first pet?
Shaggy.
OK! Shaggy. Thank you very much.
Sure.
can you give me your account number?
Yes I sure can. two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
OK. Excellent. Thank you Ms. Crystal. And while I got you on the phone I see it's been a little bit since you've authenticated your account here. Would you like to add a PIN number to your account for security reasons?
Yes, that would be great.
OK. And it's a four digit account PIN number. What would you like to use? zero four nine zero.
OK. And your password they just one word that we can add to the account. What would you like that to be?
Cola.
All right. make sure that your email address is still good I've got Mrs. Humphries at Gmail dot com. Is that correct?
actually that needs to be at Yahoo.
OK. Mrs. Humphries at Yahoo?
Yes.
Dot com. OK. All right excellent. So we've updated your information. Let's go ahead and find you a a branch for you to go to. can you give me your your current street address?
Seven four six eight Galapagos Way.
All right. And what city is that in?
Irvington.
All right. And the state?
Texas.
And lastly your ZIP code?
Seven four zero three nine.
OK. Looks like there's three Intellibanks in your area. the closest one is about seventeen miles away.
Oh goodness just to get to the branch.
I know. I know it. I'm so sorry. It's for your own protection that they do that.
They can't do anything just over the phone it has to be in person?
We can normally do most things over the phone and online. but it looks like here that there was a a security issue with your account and they need you to actually come in.
Oh OK. OK. I understand.
OK. so this the closest bank is at nine three zero two zero two one Manchester Boulevard and that's in Irving Texas seven zero four one six.
OK.
that is an Intellibank right there at the corner. they're open Monday through Friday nine to five
I suggest getting there early so you don't run out of time if you go in the evening. Are you able to do that?
Yes, I can do that. do I need to make an appointment?
You don't need to but we certainly can if you'd like to.
OK. I would like to do that.
All right when would you what date would you like to go? Wednesday October fifth and we can hit nine o'clock.
OK. I got you down for Wednesday October fifth right at nine o'clock. You will be speaking to agent LaCroix. and it should take no longer than three and a half hours.
Wow. Three and a half hours. OK. what all do I need to bring with me?
Make sure you bring your government issued ID that could be your driver's license. make sure you have your account number.
OK.
make sure you have your password your PIN and if you have a credit card number that'll also help as well.
OK. I can make sure I have all of those. Sure will.
All right. Was there anything else I could help you out with?
no, that's it, thank you for your help.
You're so welcome. Thank you.
Hello there. Thanks for calling Intellibank. my name is Sonny. How can I help you today?
Hi. I have a charge on my card and I don't recognize it. I need help.
I can most certainly assist in that. to get started, can I have your first and last name please?
Sure, it's Michelle Carter.
OK, Ms. Carter. Can I have your date of birth?
That'd be seven eleven nineteen eighty-nine.
Thanks for that.
what is the credit card number for the transaction you said you didn't recognize?
OK, yeah, I'm gonna have to go get my wallet. Hold on.
I can most certainly hold.
All right. I found my wallet. Lemme just grab this card. OK. The number is four five six three three three three two, three three four five, two two, one one.
All right. Let me go ahead and just read that back to you quickly. That is four five six three, three three three two, three three four five, two two one one. Is that correct?
That is right.
OK, great. need to set up a security question for you on this credit card. this way we can verify your identity and recover account information in the future. let's see. Would what street did you grow up on work?
Yeah, that's good. fourteenth Street.
All right. Lemme enter than in. Fourteenth Street. Thank you for that.
It's my travel card?
actually, Intellibank. That's our traveler's card.
Oh, OK. Sorry. Yeah. Got it.
Hey, no worries. can I also, Ms. Carter, ask for the dollar amount of this transaction?
Yeah, hold on. Let me bring that amount up. how are you enjoying your day so far, Sonny?
Oh, enjoying it very much so, Ms. Carter. Thanks so much for asking.
OK. yeah I found it here. It was a weird amount. It's one hundred and eleven dollars and one cent.
OK, what was the date for this transaction, Ms. Carter?
It was on September seventh of this year.
OK. I do see it here. you had mentioned that you do not recognize this transaction?
I don't. I have no idea who this merchant is. It's from another country, Fiji. Certainly one I've never traveled to.
Well that sounds strange. I'm gonna go ahead and begin the process of looking into this for you. Just give me one second while I enter
But you know what? Looking at this charge now and looking up pictures of Fiji, I certainly wouldn't mind taking a vacation there sometime in the future.
This.
Well, OK. Well, best wishes for your future vacation plans, Ms. Carter. I'm gonna go ahead and now formally dispute this transaction for you . Again, that is a charge of one hundred and eleven dollars and one cent. I'm showing this to have occurred on zero nine, zero seven of this year.
Yep. That's it. Thank you.
OK, great. so listen now. What I've done here is I've called for an investigation into this disputed transaction. the way that works is we're gonna have a team go ahead and look into everything for you. till we can get to the bottom of this. And what we're gonna do in the mean time also is we are going to lock your card just until we can finish the investigation. Shouldn't be too long. so now, I am submitting that.
All right. Great. That sounds awesome. So you're telling me that I'm not gonna be able to use my card?
no. You won't be able to use it. It will be locked. I can't tell you for sure how long the investigation will be but we will get to you as soon as we possibly can and let you know.
Hmm, well. That's awesome.
OK, great. Is there anything else I can do for you regarding your Intellibank traveler's card or for that matter, are there any other products or services that I can help you with today?
No. No thank you. I'm good.
All right. Perfect. All right. Well thanks so much, Ms. Carter for calling. And I, thank you for being a valued customer of Intellibank. And please do me a favor and have yourself a great day.
Yes. You as well, thanks.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Yvette. How can I help you today?
I I need information on my checking account.
All right, and who I'm I speaking with today?
John Stanley.
All right, John. And it looks like we have a few John Stans.
No.
what's the date of birth for you?
Six fourteen, eighty-five.
OK. And you said you were checking the account balance?
Yeah.
OK. And what account are you checking again?
My checking.
All right. And what's the account number on the checking?
That's what I said.
lemme see here Now I guess all these paper them none of them got no account number on it.
well, Let's see. Maybe this is it. I seven four six eight nine nine seven two three five eight zero zero zero four two.
no, that is not what I show here.
Shit.
do you have a driver's license by chance?
Yeah. Yeah, I do got that. That's all these numbers on here, let me see. Driver's license ID That's it that's it. It's it's got two letters.
mhm.
MN. And then eight five three seven four.
All righty, thank you for that. Yeah and one moment. What's your first name again?
Huh. John.
All right, John. looks like you have a security question here in your account.
OK.
And it is what is the name of your favorite pet?
No no, I never take these questions seriously. I never take them seriously I just put some random answers in these. I really thought I had to use these.
it's .
Let's let's let's try pizza.
All right. And unfortunately, that is not the correct answer.
Dang.
Pizza. I really didn't think I'm going to have to do this. Try shit bag.
All right, and shit bag is the answer to your security question.
That's great that's great I'm glad that worked. I'm glad that worked.
All right. And It looks like the balance in your checking account is three thousand dollars and five cents.
OK. that's what what what about my my savings account.
your savings account it is showing. One moment here.
Yeah.
Five hundred and fifteen dollars and seventy-one cents.
Man.
Man.
That ain't gonna be enough. Can I open a credit card?
Sure.
All right. maybe that would work. I need a good limit on it, you know mhm.
You've one moment here. so we actually offer a traveler's card.
I opened up a new one. A new off-track betting in town here Grand opening this weekend see. So, I'm hoping to go on get get dressed real nice. Maybe met a lady down there. But I will need. I'mma need some money.
I understand that sir. So it looks like we have a couple options for you.
You ever. You ever.
Been to the horse? you ever been to off-track betting? anybody ever take you there?
actually no, I have not had the pleasure to do that yet.
Well maybe I'll take you there sometime.
that's very flattering sir. so the credit cards that we offer are travelers cards, platinum cards, gold cards, silver cards, cashback cards, and rewards cards. which one of those would you like more information about.
platinum that sounds good like like the wheels. If they talking about the wheel that platinum wheels. I want a card like that.
Sure.
sure so our platinum card.
You all know.
John?
Yeah. yup yup.
Sorry about that.
so I was able to get the money in your savings transferred over to your new Platinum card
All.
Right.
and that is actually being issued to you in the mail. It'll take three to five business days to arrive.
Whoa. Whoa.
Whoa whoa whoa. No I need it I need it this weekend. I need it like I mean it's Thursday yo, you know, it's it's Thursday like the grand opening is Saturday and you talking three to five you talking Monday them ladies are going to go home by Monday ma'am.
John, we do offer express mail. Would you like me to express that? All right John, so you'll have to be home tomorrow to sign for it. is that possible?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
OK.
Yeah yeah, I'mma call off. I'mma call off to get this money sbye bye.
Great, no problem so is there anything else I can help you with today?
No no, that's it.
All right.
Thank you.
John thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Again my name is Yvette and thank you so much for letting us serve you today, OK. Bye.
Mhm.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cynthia, how can I help you today?
Oh! Yes, I wanna check my account. no, never mind. what do I do about a a stolen card? I let my friend borrow it and she never returned it.
All right. So we can actually report that card as stolen. It'll have to be canceled, and we'll have to Issue you a new card in a mailer. Usually, it takes about five to ten business days, will that be all right?
yes yes, that'll be OK.
OK, sir. so first of all before I complete your request, I'll have to get some information from you. Can I get your first and last name, please?
Yes my name is Keith Keith Smith.
All right, Mr. Smith. Can I get your date of birth?
Yes. Five nine, nineteen seventy-four.
All right. So could you tell me your driver's license number, please for authentication purposes?
yes. my driver's license number is, six one nine five two four nine six six.
All right. So lemme repeat that, it's six one nine five two four nine six six.
Yes.
OK, sir. So for your security question, can I get the name of your first pet?
Yeah, my first pet name is Lucky.
All right. Yes, that's the name we have here on file. So, sir, you said that your. You believe your card was actually stolen, OK?
Yes.
OK. So in order to process that request, I'm gonna need your credit card number on file.
All right. My credit card number is, five four seven nine four one eight five zero zero one zero zero nine one eight.
All right. So lemme repeat that back to you. I have here five four seven nine four one eight five zero zero one zero zero nine one eight.
Yes, that's correct.
All right, sir. Do you remember the day that you lost that card or the date you said your friend took it?
Yes, it was nine first.
OK. The first of last month?
The first of last month.
All right. So you haven't used that card since the first of last month.
No, I haven't.
All right. So do you remember the business you had your last transaction in before you before that card was stolen?
yes Mike Auto Parts.
OK. I will just verify that there was no transactions after Mike's Auto Parts may have went through. OK. Just gimme a moment while I look through your account and set up that cancellation on that card, sir. Just one moment.
All right.
All right.
All right, sir. I have gone through your account, processed that cancellation request, we will be sending you a new card to the address on file. I will need to verify that address with you. I have right here, your address as four one four Willow Road in Kansas City, Missouri, six four one zero four.
Oh! Yes, that's it.
All right. So that cancellation has been processed, we will be sending you a new card to this address, when you get that a card, it should be from the next five to ten business days. There will be an activation pamphlet in there so you can actually activate your new card online or over the phone, you can also do it, you know, through the ATM machine but we'll have instructions inside that package to give you any more information.
OK. And how long would that be?
it would be from five to ten business days, usually. So you should probably expect that around the fifteenth of this month, that will be like the in two Fridays from now.
OK.
OK.
OK.
So, sir, I'm very sorry that's happened to you but again, we're gonna process this, make sure that card gets to you on time. There should be no other activity on this account. So even if you do find the card or your friend gives it back to you, you won't be able to use this card, OK?
OK.
All right, sir. Will that be all for you today?
yes yes, I appreciate it.
Oh! Thank you so much for your time and patience, Mr. Smith. Again, my name is Cynthia, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Donte. Can I get your name, please?
Yes, it's Woo.
Thank you, Mr. Woo, and can I get your last name?
It's Nelson.
Thank you, Mr. Nelson, and how can I help you today?
Yes, I was calling in. I wanted to close one of my savings accounts, please.
OK. We're more than happy to assist you with closing your account today. I'm sorry to hear that you're closing an account but we can go ahead and get this process started for you. In order for me to access the account, I do need to verify some information. So can I go ahead and get your date of birth?
Yes, it's ten nine nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you. And the last four digits of your social security number?
It it's zero seven six four.
All right, can you go ahead and verify your address for me?
Well, don't you have that already?
I, I do have it on file, yes sir, but we do. After you provide it to me, that way, you know, I'm not just telling you just in case you're not who you say you are and I'm not giving you, you know, somebody else's your address.
Oh yeah, I guess I understand that. All right, it's three five one two Snyder Avenue Newark, New Jersey zero seven one zero seven.
Thank you very much for that information, Mr. Nelson. All right, now So I do show that you do have several accounts on here. All right, which account is it that you'd like to transfer? What's the account number?
yes, it's my savings account. Three five seven two five seven nine four seven dash one. And can you go ahead and tell me my my balance on my savings and also my checking, please?
Yeah, I'll be more that happy, Mr. Woo, to provide that information for you. All right, sir, let me just repeat that back. I have your savings account of three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven dash one. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, perfect. All right. So I'm showing your balance on that account as six hundred ninety-two dollars and twenty-three cents. All right, and then I'm only showing one checking account. Is that the one you would like the balance on?
yes, please.
All right, I'm showing your checking account's balance of four thousand two hundred twenty-three dollars and twenty-three cents .
Oh, perfect. All right. so I wanna close this savings account and I wanna send it over to another another bank. It's my credit union .
OK, I'd be more than happy to assist with getting that transferred over to your credit union. Now, in order to transfer that over to your credit union, I will need your routing number, the name of the credit union, your routing number and the account number that you want it transferred to.
Yeah, I have all that information.
Perfect. All right, so what is the the name of the bank?
Yeah, it's Arkansas .
OK, thank you. And what's the account or the routing number?
hold on. Well, shoot. I thought I had it. Gimme one second. Let me, let me go find it.
OK, take your time. Not a problem.
OK, I'm back. It's eight four seven three nine five two six five.
Thank you very much and what is that account number?
It's six nine three six three zero four seven five.
All right, that was six nine three six three zero four seven five?
Yes.
I thank you so much for that. All right, so give me one second I go ahead and get this account closed out and get that balance transferred over to the other account. OK?
OK, perfect. Thank you.
Hey, let me ask you a question. You watch that Alabama game last night?
I did actually. It was a pretty good game.
Yeah. Well, are you an Alabama fan?
No, no I'm from Ohio. I'm a Ohio State fan. Go Bucks.
They're good this year, aren't they?
They're gonna take the championship I think.
Well, I don't know. Alabama's tough.
Yeah, it could be a repeat of I reckon.
Yeah, you're probably right.
All right, so I went ahead and got that account transferred over. with the balance so and that account closed out. So that savings account is closed. So now you just have the one checking account an auto loan and a credit account with us.
Oh, perfect . Can you gimme the the the balance on my credit account?
Sure, absolutely. The credit account balance is fourteen thousand six hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Oh, perfect. Thank you.
You're welcome. Now if you like we can go ahead and I can send you over some information about some of our additional savings plans and other loans and features that we have here at the bank.
Oh, yes. That'd be cool. Thank you.
All right, perfect and I'm I'm showing here that we do have a email on file. All right, let me just confirm it with you. It's I A M T H E W U N at Gmail dot com.
Yeah, that's right. I am the one. W U N. Get it? Huh at Gmail dot com.
All right, that's pretty good. All right, yeah I like that. All right, so I went ahead and sent that information over All right, and was there anything else at all I can get done for you today?
nope, that's it. I appreciate your time.
You are more than welcome, Mr. Nelson. You have a great day. And thanks again for calling Intellibank.
Thank you, you too. Goodbye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose, my name is Kim. I'm yes. I'm hoping you can help me today. I am I am having some financial troubles and I don't think I'm gonna be able to keep my savings account.
I'm sorry to hear that Miss Kim. so you you think you might want to close that account if you can't afford it?
Yes. I'm gonna need to close my savings account. I do wanna keep my checking account but I I need to close the savings account.
I understand. It's it's been tough. It's been a tough couple of years for everyone and and I run into this a lot and I'll do everything that I can to help you today. OK?
OK. Thank you so much.
No worries. I just have to get some information from you OK? I know you said your first name is Kim. Can you please give me your last name?
Sure. It's Johns. That's J O H N S.
Thank you so much Miss Johns and what about your date of birth?
it's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. Thank you so much. And let's see here. Can I have your social please? Just the last four.
Sure. It's nine five zero three.
Thank you so much. And your security question is what is your maiden your mother's maiden name?
That's Murphy.
Murphy? Thank you so much. And Miss Johns I'll need the account number that you want me to close.
OK, my savings account number is. Here we go. It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much. And I know this is personal, but I I do have to ask your reason for closure?
you know, the reason is I I just I'm having a lot of problems financially. I'm you know. unfortunately the you know primary kinda bread winner at home, my husband is out of work right now and it's frustrating because I I just I can't afford the savings account. you know you get charged every month and you want to save but you can't save because you're getting charged and also having to cover all the bills. So, unfortunately I just I'm not gonna be able to save right now with the situation that I'm in but and and I do apologize. I know this none of this is your fault. You know, you're just trying to help and I really do appreciate your help. I just need to close the savings, transfer what I have in savings, that little bit of money over to checking you know unfortunately to be able to pay some bills.
I understand completely Miss Johns and listen, don't don't feel bag about any of this. I know that it's a hard situation for you to be in and I hope that by closing this account for right now that will free up some money you know give you a little bit of breathing room. I understand what it's like being the full bread winner and having to juggle things around and robbing Peter to pay Paul sometimes. It's it's tough. So, thank you for letting me know why and I'll go ahead and document that in on your account. So, you know, if anybody sees that, you know, call in again they'll know what happened. So all right. So what I need from you now. of course, you did say that you wanted to deposit the money that you have from your savings into your checking. Correct?
Yes and I'd also like to know what that what that balance was.
OK. The the total balance after I put it in there or you want to know the balance of the checking or the savings or after I've already done the the closure?
the that's fine. The balance once you transfer it to checking what the balance is there after.
OK. well you do have five hundred dollars in your savings. five hundred dollars and ten cents.
OK.
Just wanted to let you know that. OK. And can you please give me the the checking the routing number. The routing number for your checking account.
I don't have the routing number. I do have the checking account number.
That's fine. the account number will be fine. I I I have the routing number here. We just we're we have to ask that so.
OK. OK. The the checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Yeah.
OK, thank you so much. I appreciate that. OK. So, I have I've closed the savings account. I'm sending a confirmation to your email. In thirty seconds, could you please check that to make sure that you received it?
Sure.
OK. yes, I do have the email from you.
All right, thank you so much. And you wanted to know the total in your account in your checking account now. That is fifteen hundred dollars and ten cents even.
OK. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help today.
You are so very welcome Miss Johns. And was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Nope, that's everything. Thank you so much again.
You are very welcome. We value your loyalty here at Intellibank and thank you so much for calling. If you should have any further issues please don't hesitate to give us a call. Also, I did wanna tell you that we do have other accounts. maybe you can come into our branch sometime and sit down and talk to one of our account managers. Maybe we can find a different saving option for you that will be a lot less costly.
Oh OK, great. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome. You have a wonderful day Miss Johns.
You too, hon.
OK, thanks. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joe. Can I get your first and last name?
Hi Joe. My name is, Stephanie Garcia.
Alright. Thank you for calling Ms. Garcia. How can I help you today?
Hi. Yeah. So I was just trying to, check my checking account balance. I wanted to see, what amount I had.
OK. That's perfect. Let me grab, look that information up. Can you provide a couple additional questions for me to get that information pulled up, please?
Yeah.
first starting with your date of birth.
My date of birth is May twenty first nineteen ninety four.
Perfect. And then number two is, can I get your credit card number or account number?
Oh yeah. let me, actually go try to take a look for that. Hang on. I didn't even think about that. Hang on. So. So yeah. I don't, I don't think I actually have my credit card number. Is there anything else that you can?
OK.
Yeah.
I can actually, if you have your account number off hand, I can look you up with that information as well.
I do I do. OK hang on. Let me look for that. I know I just saw that right here.
Take your time.
OK I actually. yeah. OK I got it. OK. So it's four seven nine zero. Six nine six two. Five four.
Perfect. And then the last security question is, what is the name of your first pet?
Pappi.
Pappi. Is it P A P I? Or is it Poppy?
It's P A P P I.
OK. Pappi. All right, that is correct. And then, OK let me get that information looked up now. Perfect. So how's your day been? How's the, how's the weather in your neck of the woods?
it's, it's actually pretty great. I'm excited that the weather's starting to, dip down. And the temperature's starting to cool off.
Color outside is changing. I love that. You know, seeing the, the trees change colors, and all the upcoming holidays. I'm just overall excited for it. It's my favorite time of year. How about yourself?
Yeah. The holidays usually, once the weather starts to change. And the daytime savings. And all that stuff that comes about with it. It's always fun. I also enjoy like the holidays coming up. Halloween and dressing up and all that fun stuff. So this type of year, this type of, when it gets to this part of the year is always fun too. To release yourself and have fun.
Yeah. No definitely. There's a lot of things that are like upcoming. towards the ending of the year, that just makes it more exciting. You know the beginning of the year, always just so rough. So yeah. I'm just excited for the ending of the year.
Well, I'm glad to hear that. and you didn't tell me, which account would you like the balance of?
just the main checking account balance. For now.
OK.
So I was looking at five hundred dollars is currently available. In that checking account.
Oh OK. that's, that's fine. That's actually, that's not bad. I know I should be getting a direct deposit soon.
Want me to take a look? I could take a look at that direct deposit when it's about to hit. Or when you should be expecting it to.
No. That's OK. it should hit in, in a couple of days. But since I do have you on the phone. Could you tell me my, my second savings account balance in there? I don't think it's much. But I think, yeah, I'm not too sure how much I have in there. Can you just remind me really quick what's the savings account?
Yeah. So in the savings you currently have seven thousand dollars in that one. Even. And twenty five dollars. Seven thousand and twenty five dollars. Currently available in that one.
Oh OK. and that's the second one right? That's not the first one?
That is your second one. Your vacation savings account.
OK. OK cool. Awesome. that is actually not too bad. So great.
OK. is there anything further I can assist you? For today?
go. You know what, go ahead and just tell me the regular savings account balance. I mean might as well since I have you on the phone, and I'm writing this down. I already got the checking. And I got the second savings, and what's the amount for the first the original savings account that I have.
The original.
Savings is currently, three thousand two hundred eighty five dollars.
OK. OK. Perfect. yeah. Might as well right? Since I have you on the phone. It's always good to just to check balances. all at once. So.
Of course.
Of course. And the good thing is have you heard about our online banking system?
Yeah. actually I normally do that. I just, you know, I thought I'd just reach out and give you guys a call. Might be quicker since I didn't have that much time on my hands for me to actually open up the app and, and to check my balance that way. But yeah. Thank you for your help.
Awesome. Well, I'm glad I was able to help you today Ms. Garcia. Enjoy the rest of your day.
OK thanks. You too. Bye.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Summer.
Hey. Like the season, right?
Yes, and we are indeed in fact in summer. Are you enjoying the hot weather?
Oh yeah, I am. Anyways, this is James Peterson.
Hi James, how can I help you today?
Well anyways I was hoping you can. I need to update my street address on my savings account.
OK. Yep, I can certainly help you with that . Just give me one moment here while I pull up my screen.
Yeah my savings account number is twenty-three seventy nine zero.
OK. And can I please get your first and last name and date of birth.
Yeah that's James Peterson and my date of birth is June first of eighty-nine. And my street address is eight oh six East Court Avenue.
OK. Thank you.
Des Moines, Iowa. Five oh three one six.
OK.
And you have a security question on your account it looks like
I think it's your favorite shoe size or something?
yes the the color Sorry. The security question is what is the color of your favorite shoe?
Yeah, I didn't mean to interrupt. I have a horrible habit of that.
you know my my wife is always complaining about that. Just butting in before you finish. the color is gold I think.
Yep. That. That is correct.
Yeah, it's
Hawkeye colors.
Yes.
They're a good team I hear. OK.
Yeah I was changing my address from that Court Avenue address to my new one which is East twelve thirteen East Grand Avenue.
Yeah.
OK. Give me a moment here to get that updated for you.
OK. I've got that updated on your savings account. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, no. You've been great.
OK. Well then you have a wonderful afternoon.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jacob's speaking. How can I help you today?
Hi. My name is Ashley and I wanted some information on opening a new account.
OK. Awesome, Ashley.
And what type of account would you be would you be opening up today?
Probably checking.
OK great. We have two different types of checking account. Will it be a personal or business account?
Definitely personal. Definitely.
Awesome.
And within the personal account, there's a free account or there is a premium account.
with I'll just go with the free.
The free account. Awesome. Now, that account doesn't require direct deposit. Is that OK?
Yeah but I don't have any of my info.
No worries. No worries. I'll explain that a little bit later. How we can set that up. So let's go ahead and start up with the application. Can I get your first and last name?
Yes. Ashley.
Smith.
And Ashley, how do you spell Ashley?
A S H L E Y.
And Smith is S M I T H.
And can I get your date of birth?
It's gonna be zero seven zero two nineteen ninety.
OK and your social security number?
It's gonna be three nine six four five two four three one.
Again, that was three nine six four five two four three one.
Yes.
Great and can I get your state ID or driver's license number?
Yes yes.
Lemme just. OK. OK you ready?
Yes.
Six four seven two two one two two.
Again, that was six four seven two two one two two?
Yes.
And can I get a good address?
yeah yeah. That's two nine five one Seth Street Cherokee, Texas seven six eight three two.
Again, that is two nine one Seth Street Cherokee, Texas seven six eight three two.
No. It's two nine five one.
OK. It was two nine five one. Great and would you like to set up a security question?
Yes.
What would you like it to be?
my mother maiden name?
Your mother's maiden name? OK and what will the answer be?
Yeah.
Rogers.
Answer will be Rogers and how do you spell Rogers?
R O G E R S.
Great and do you have a phone number?
I do. I do. It is five one two eight two two five five two one.
And your email address Ashley?
It's gonna be my full name. It's gonna be Ashley period Smith fifty-five at Yahoo dot com.
Great and are you gonna be transferring any money into this new account?
no. No, I'm not.
OK. Awesome and
How's your day been going?
Oh, it's been going great. How about yours?
It's it's been going. It's been a little crazy. Want to go a little places but you know it's OK.
So how long have you been working here?
Hey, you know.
I've been working here for three years and you're saying you want to go to a lot of places. I just came back from vacation and it was amazing. It was so awesome.
Where did.
you go?
I went to Puerto Rico for free.
Free?
Yes. Oh my God. So I got this cash back rewards card from our bank and I got to use the cashback money for my vacation. It was so amazing. Would you like to apply for one today?
Was it?
As tempting, I don't know. Lemme think about it.
OK. I mean it's just as easy cuz we're in the middle of your application process so for your new account.
So with that being said I just have a couple more questions for you. OK, would you like to open a savings account today?
OK, OK.
Is it free?
Yes. It is a free account.
Is it gonna be like you know like overdraft stuff or is it like.
Yes. So
The account will help you with overdraft protection as long as you have money inside of it.
OK. Yeah. Yeah.
OK great. So did you. Are you sure you didn't wanna try out to see if you wanna get a credit card today?
I mean as tempting I would love a free vacation. It would. I mean that sounds beautiful and golden but it just does not know. Just let. We should just I'll stick with the account for now.
OK. OK. No worries. No worries. OK so you're account has been fully set up. Would you like me to help you with the online portal?
Yes.
OK great. I'm gonna go ahead and schedule a call with you in the next thirty minutes and we're gonna set up your account with you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK.
No. I think we're all set up.
Hey, awesome. I hope you have a great day and I'll talk to you in a little bit.
Thank you so much. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Good afternoon. You've reached Intellibank. This is Wes speaking. How can I help you today?
Hi Wes. I was just calling because I found a transaction in my checking account this morning. It shows that I spent about seventeen ninety-five last night, but I I didn't use my card anywhere.
Oh OK. What is what is the name associated with your account?
Susan Menjer.
Susan Menjer. OK. And Susan just like it sound. S U S A N. And then Menjer. How how do you spell Menjer?
M E N J E R.
OK. Perfect.
Mhm.
Let me just get you looked up right here Susan.
And then just in case you need it, the last four digits of my social are three two three one.
Oh OK. Yeah. We yeah Thank you. I I appreciate it. Don't don't necessarily need that today, but that just actually makes it a little easier, so I appreciate that Mrs. Menjer. OK, so I have your account pulled up right here. well I guess my first question then would just be you know, I would ask you if anyone else has access to this account Mrs. Menjer and if you think they could've possibly made the transaction? Maybe a spouse, close friend, an authorized user?
No. I mean I have both of my cards right here, so that's why it's really confusing to me. I don't honestly like soon maybe file a report if needed or cancel one of the card that it was. The card number that was used. I'm kind of worried that this might be might happen again.
OK. And do you recognize the transaction? Like in relation to the business like specifically. Do you recognize the business that's related to the transaction? What does it say on there?
It just says it was from a store.
Yeah, but you don't know the store name or the business? OK. So you don't recognize the business. No no problem Mrs. Menjer. No problem. Well if you don't recognize it, then then I'm assuming you wouldn't know if there was you know, membership cost associated maybe with it. Or maybe it was a a subscription fee or something like that. That's probably not something you would be able to know or be able to answer just because you don't even recognize the merchant.
No. Like I don't.
Yeah.
Yeah, no. I checked through my emails just to make sure before calling, but.
Mhm.
Yeah. I just don't recognize the transaction at all.
OK. And then, have you been able to contact the business that made the transaction?
No.
OK. Cause. OK. That that that's fine. No problem. No problem Mrs. Menjer. So OK. We got all that information down. Sounds like it could be a little suspicious. Sorry about all of that. Sorry about this happening. Just taking a look here. Looking a little closer. So, I guess then the next steps would be that we'll just take a look into the merchant to get you more information on what the charge is for.
Mhm.
that'll probably take two to three business days. most likely less than that.
Oh, wow.
Mhm.
But I don't want to give any guarantees. Sometimes our office can get really busy and we have a lot of these requests that pile up unfortunately.
Right.
Sometimes merchants, businesses, cards and obviously people who maybe have different issues, such as yourself, who forget about subscriptions and things like that. Kind of need that reminder, so hopefully, within two to three days, we'll have that resolved for you. Hopefully less. and then yeah. For now, since you don't recognize the merchant, we will lock your card for you. We'll go ahead and lock the card to protect against any further fraudulent or unrecognized transactions on your end. So that has already been done. I just did that now for this card that you just called about. I'm assuming it's related to the one related to your checking account number correct?
Yes.
OK. Yeah cause we only we only have one on file only have one on file for you. Could you just verify that number for me?
the the whole checking account number?
No, just like the number associated with the card.
OK. Yeah, so it's three one four three two one two seven zero three zero four two one four eight.
Perfect. OK. Yep. So, yep. That's all that's all taken care of. That's all. Happy we got that taken care of for you. Just wanted to verify that. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
no. I just really appreciate the time and the help you gave me today. I hope you've been having a better day.
I I appreciate it. Just doing my best over here. Did you want to Are you sure you didn't maybe want to discuss options about another card or possibly just to check your account balance?
Yes.
Oh. OK. Would you want to check your account balance then today?
Yeah. Can you do that for me please?
Yeah, no problem. Can you just verify the account number for me?
Just your checking account number. Just if we're gonna verify that and just take a look at your current balance today. Since you said you want to check your balance.
Yep. It's three two one four.
OK.
Zero seven six one thirty-four ninety-eight nine zero two two.
Perfect. OK. Yes. And your balance today Mrs. Menjer is seven hundred and eighty-three thousand two hundred and forty-seven dollars and ninety-two cents. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no. That that was all.
OK. Sounds good. Well, you have a wonderful rest of your day. Appreciate you calling Intellibank. Once again, my name is Wes. Feel free to call back anytime, especially to this branch. If you ever want to speak to me directly, my extension is just five three two and yeah. Hopefully you have a wonderful rest of your day. Look forward to speaking with you again soon hopefully. And if you need any help with anything else, feel free to give us a call back. And yeah. Just expect that email and that notice regarding information related to the fraudulent merchant within the next couple of days.
OK. That sounds great. Thank you so much.
No problem. Have a wonderful rest of your day. Bye.
You, too.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great Kim. Thank you so much for calling.
well that's wonderful. I I I am calling because I need to close my account and close my savings account and also I want to transfer the balance that I have in my savings over to my checking and I also need some help from you finding a ATM near me.
Certainly. I can help you with all of those things. bear with me just one moment. My screen just went completely black. Bear with me one second here. Yes, fun times. Mercury retrograde. all right. Well while waiting for my screen to come up, how's it going on your end?
Sure. Oh, no.
it's not going bad. It's been a beautiful day. I've been out enjoying the weather which has been nice. took the dogs for a nice long hike this morning. I've just really been enjoying the fall weather up here. How's your day been?
It's been fantastic except I'm inside and I'm working.
Awesome.
Yeah that's never any fun.
what kind of dogs do you have?
they're golden retrievers, both of them, and they absolutely love whether it's outside you know out in the woods hiking or out by the lake in the water they just love the outdoors.
Oh that's precious. I love golden retrievers. I like the black ones too. I think they're so sweet.
Yeah the black labs they are beautiful.
All right. Let's see here. OK my screen is up. Thank goodness.
Oh good.
OK. So I know you said your first name was Kim. What's your last name?
it's Johns. J O H N S.
Thank you so much Miss Johns. And can you please tell me your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. Thank you so much. And can you please give me the account number that you're closing?
Sure. that is my savings account and let me see here. My savings account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much. And I have a security question for you. Can you please give me your mother's maiden name?
Sure, that's Murphy.
All right. Thank you so much. And OK. And what is the reason that you're closing your account, Kim?
I'm closing the account cuz of the fees that are being charged. I'm not getting enough in the savings account each month and unfortunately keep incurring the fees which is you know obviously counterproductive for the savings account. So until I can get that that account up higher I just am gonna close it for now.
What?
I understand completely. I went through a situation like that a couple years back and ended up having to close my account too. It sucks.
Yeah.
All right. So let's see here. And.
And I think.
I'm sorry. I think there should be a balance of about sixty some odd dollars in my account and I want to definitely put that over into my checking account.
Certainly. You have sixty-two dollars and fifty-seven cents.
OK.
And what account would you like to deposit that in?
that I'd like to deposit in my checking.
OK. Alright, and I will need the deposit routing number please.
I don't have the routing number. I'm assuming since it's with you all it might be the same. but I do have my checking number.
Yes.
It.
Would be. OK. Yes. I will take the deposit account number.
My checking account number.
OK. it's one one two one zero zero zero nine five nine.
Thank you so much. All right. Bear with me just a moment. There we go. OK. OK. All right. So I'm gonna go ahead and get this account closed now. Closed, not a closed. I'm sorry.
Oh it's no worries. I'm sure.
All right and I have transferred the sixty-two dollars and fifty-seven cents over to your checking account and your new balance is three thousand sixty-six, I'm sorry, sixty-seven dollars sixty-two dollars and fifty-seven cents. Goodness. I need a nap.
Oh, OK.
Thank you so much. No worries.
All right. So I am sending you an email now that will be your confirmation that the account has closed.
OK.
And is there any further information that I can give you about any other banking products that we do have available?
no I think I'm good. I I'm good for today and I just really appreciate your help.
Thank you so much. You. And it's my pleasure. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No that's everything. Thanks a lot and you have a great day Rose.
You are very welcome. Oh wait wait wait. I'm so sorry. Didn't you ask me about an ATM? You needed to find a ATM?
Oh, yes. Thank you so much.
For reminding me. I did need to. I do need the ATM.
no worries.
I would have been trying to go to dinner with no money tonight.
Oh my goodness. That will never work. can you confirm your address that we have on file please?
No.
Sure. it is forty-nine Holland Lane and that's in Philadelphia Pennsylvania, one nine one zero one. and I am looking for ATM around home.
OK bear with me just a second. Let me see which one is closest to you.
Thank you. I wasn't sure what was open. I know there's several all around you know several of your branches around but I wasn't sure what was open at this time of night.
Mhm.
it looks like the only one that we have open that's twenty-four hours is at forty-nine West Chelten Avenue.
OK. Yeah I'm familiar with that.
OK fabulous. Yeah that's twenty-four hours so you can always access that. And the withdrawal limit there is five hundred dollars.
Awesome.
Oh OK great.
All right Kim. Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
No you've been wonderful. Thank you so much again. I appreciate your help.
Oh you're so sweet and you're very welcome. We do value your loyalty here at Intellibank and appreciate your business. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your evening.
You too hon.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. My name is Gabriel. How can I help you today?
My name is Peter Harper, H A R P E R, and I would like to close my savings account and transfer the money to my checking account.
All right, Mr. Harper. Let me go ahead and get your account pulled up here and if you can go ahead and verify the last four digits of your social security number for me, please.
One six eight four.
All right, I've got your account pulled up here and you're wanting to close your savings account. Is that correct?
That is.
All right, now is there any specific reason you're closing your savings account?
Well, I've only got fifty-five dollars in my savings account and each month you pull five dollars fee out of it because I don't have ten thousand dollar balance. That's stupid. And the interest I get is maybe two cents a year, so it's doing me no good.
Yeah, I see Mr. Harper. Well, I do apologize for that. It looks like when you opened your savings account, it was opened as one of our higher tier savings accounts. So, I, I could, if you would prefer to close that account out and we could use that money to open our basic savings account which just has a minimum balance of five hundred dollars a month on there to avoid those bank fees.
Well, I don't have five hundred dollars to put in there so, no Let's just close that one out and transfer that to my checking account and my checking account number is zero four six four four nine eight eight four three. That is my checking account number.
All right, Mr. Harper. We can certainly go ahead and close that savings account down for you. Let me go ahead and pull that account up. It looks like you've got the security questions on your account so if you don't mind going ahead and answering the following question for me. In what city was your mother born?
Tulsa.
All right, that matches, Mr. Harper. Now if you don't mind, if you could verify the number of the savings account that we're going to be closing today.
what number?
The account number of your savings account, sir.
Oh, OK. It's four one four seven nine four zero three nine four.
All right, that is, I, I do see that account and you're correct. There is a balance of fifty-five dollars in there and I'd I understand you're wanting to go ahead and just transfer that to your savings account, Is that correct?
That is correct.
Or your checking account, I'm sorry.
Of my checking account, yeah.
All right, and if I can have the account number of your checking account, please.
Four one four seven nine four oh three nine four.
All right, Mr. Harper and if I could get your routing number for that account, please.
You can hang on while I grab a check.
Not a problem, take your time.
OK, I've got a check. routing number, let's see. That's the one on the left of the check? here it is. One eight zero zero zero eight zero one one.
All right, Mr. Harper. I've got that. All right, and I'll go ahead and read those numbers back for you. The routing number is one eight zero zero zero eight zero one one. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, and I will go ahead and transfer this fifty-five dollars and get your savings account closed down.
OK, how's the weather up there?
Now the weather has been kind of dreary actually the last few days. It's been a little cold and misty.
OK, it's been hot here.
Now, well.
It's supposed to rain next week though but hopefully not too much.
Well, yeah I hope it doesn't rain too much down there for you and at least you can enjoy the next few days if it stays warm for you.
OK, how long, how long do I have before the money is in my checking account?
yes, it looks like it should be deposited by the end of the, the business day today but if you don't see that money transferred and available in your checking account within two business days feel free to just give us a call back here and we can figure out where the delay and the hold up might be.
OK. Well, I appreciate it.
Not a problem. We appreciate you having been such a loyal customer to Intellibank. is there anything else I can get you set up with today, if you'd like information on online banking perhaps?
no, I'm good.
All right. Well, you have a you have a wonderful day, Mr. Harper, and you will get transferred to a survey at the end of this call to let us know about your experience today. if you don't mind filling that out, just hang on the line for me.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a great day.
Hi, there. Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Samantha. How can I help you today?
I hope it's not too late but my account was frozen at Wells Wells Fargo and so I guess I need a new bank.
Oh, you'd like to open a new account?
Yes, fantastic. I can help you with that. I just need a few pieces of information. let's start with first and last name and your date of birth.
OK. My name is Carol Shiner.
S H I N E R.
Thank you.
And my date of birth is ten twenty-five ninety-five.
Twenty-five nineteen ninety-five.
OK.
And I need a social security number.
OK. Can you hold on for a second while I go grab my wallet?
Absolutely. Please take all the time you need.
OK. I'll be right back. Thank you.
Go lay down. You just go lay down.
OK. I got it.
OK. I'm ready whenever you are.
It's four nine seven twelve thirty-four twenty-eight.
OK. I need a security question to put on your account to verify that it's you calling. Is there a specific question you would like to put on your account?
Let's do my mother's maiden name.
Perfect and what is your mother's maiden name?
her name her maiden name is Rock.
R O C K?
Yes.
OK.
And are you interested in a checking or a savings account today?
A checking.
Wonderful.
Hey, do you guys do auto lobye bye, like a loan, so I can get a car?
Yeah. We do. We do auto loans. all you would need to do is come in to the branch and fill out an application with the banker. and they can walk you through the steps to further help you through that.
OK. I can do that when I come in there to pay you the twenty-five dollars for my savings or my checking account?
First deposit, absolutely, yep.
OK thank you.
Yes you can. Are you interested at all today to open a high-interest savings account?
No. I am not.
OK. So we've got all of your information for this account to be opened. I do need you to come to bank and sign some agreement paperwork whenever you have a minute but it's pretty simple to understand. The checking account has a minimum balance of twenty-five dollars. So if you go below that minimum balance you're gonna get a five dollar fee and that reoccurs every month if you're below that twenty-five dollar balance.
OK.
Other than that, you shouldn't encounter any fees except an ATM fee but you can always get around that by coming to the location using our bank or our ATM specifically and you will not get a fee by using our ATM.
Oh, that's great. That's great. So.
Great.
I'm sorry?
It's. I was just wondering is it snowing where you're at?
You know what? We had no snow this week. Where everybody else had snow, we had no snow this week whatsoever but the the access, were expected to have a lot of snow within, you know, within the next few days. So I would prepare for lots of snow.
Oh yeah. It's coming down like crazy here.
Oh, is it?
Yeah. It's really snowing.
Oh wow.
OK. Well then I will be need to prepare for some snow.
OK.
Ms. Shiner. Would you like any information on online banking so that you can check your balance online?
I'll just get that when I come in and talk to you. when I sign the papers.
Great.
I will make sure to put a note on here that we will give you some further information for that.
OK. Thank you.
And yup. I think that that's all that we need for today.
Oh, I have another question. I'm just wondering. you guys aren't gonna freeze my account or anything are you? For like, I I don't know. Say back child support or or or if I'm late on my loan. My my my I don't know. For any reason, what what would be a reason you would freeze my account?
I don't. The only way that we could freeze your account legally would be a creditor would have to come in and fill up some very serious paperwork that would have to freeze your account. through that way. But they can't. They can't steal the money out of your account. They can only freeze it in order to force you to pay the debt that they. But that has to be done through a court and a bank, I mean, that's it's very in depth process. But it's very legal process. So no. no. There's no reason that Intellibank should freeze your account for anything.
OK. Yes cuz Wells Fargo sucks. I'm never I'm never banking with them again.
They just, I don't. I'm not quite sure what happened there but I definitely am going to be down there in just like at forty-five minutes to get all this straightened out.
OK. Yeah. That sounds like something that that you would definitely need to. I'm so sorry that you're having some problems with them.
Oh.
Thank you very much. But you've been great. I appreciate your help and I'll be there in just a little bit.
Oh fantastic. I will see you when you get here.
All right. You have a good day.
You have. Oh thanks for calling Intellibank. Have a great day.
click.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Audrey. How can I help you today?
yes. I've lost my phone last week on a trip to Florida. I was down there for my daughter's wedding. I just received a new phone and would like to update my number on file please.
All right, sir. I can do that for you. before I complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
OK, so you have a checking account with us. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK sir. Can I have your first and last name please?
My name is Justin Lee.
OK sir. Is that Justin J U S T I N?
Yes.
Last name Lee?
Yes.
What is your date of birth please?
Nine twenty-first nineteen seventy-four.
All right, sir. I have your birthdate as nine twenty-one nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
And for authentication purposes, could you give me your driver's license please?
My driving license is six one nine five two four nine six three.
OK. Repeat that back to you, sir. Your license is six one nine five two four nine six three.
Yes.
All right, sir. And for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
mother maiden name is Johnson.
All right. Looks like we have that information all correct for you, sir. So you're gonna update your phone number on your checking account. What is that account number?
my account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven one.
All right, sir. That is five one four three three six seven zero seven one.
Yes.
All right. Let me check that information for you right quick.
All right, sir. So we have two numbers on file for you. We have your home phone number and your cell phone number. Which number is that you were wanting to update?
my home phone number. my cell phone number. Sorry about that. And will I have to order new checks or can or can I just wait for this last book first?
OK, sir. So right now it looks like when you ordered checks last you didn't put your cell phone number on that checking book. So you can actually you can order new checks if you want to and put that number on there or you could just wait until you finish that last book. And it looks like you have one more checkbook from us on file. So you could just wait for that one to complete and then you can just order new checks with your number and more information on there. OK?
OK. That sound wonderful.
OK, sir. So what's that cell phone number that you wanted to add to this account?
yes. area code six nine nine two two four forty-seven forty-seven.
All right, sir. So you're removing that old cell phone number six nine nine two three four four eight four five and you're replacing it with six nine nine two two four four seven four seven. Correct?
Correct.
All right, sir. I have updated your account information for you. Is there anything else you need any help with? Would you like more information on online banking? That way if you have a problem like this in the future you can just update that information yourself.
yes please.
OK, sir. It's really convenient. We have an RER. Sorry our address is Intellibank dot com. You'll go online. On that first page, you go up to the top right-hand corner. We have two tabs. You select the online banking tab. Once you get to that tab sir, go over the some information. You'll have to enter some of your personal information, including your maybe your social security number so they can access your account online. You set this account up usually with a email address as well so that you can access it. You can do it on your computer, you can do it on your phone. Once you set up that email address and you get quick access, you can go in and authenticate your information and that way you can check your account, update information and anything else you would like to do sir.
OK. Sounds wonderful.
All right, sir. Will that be all for you today?
yes. You helped me very much.
Thank you so much Mr. Lee for your time and patience. Again, my name is Audrey. Congratulations on your daughter's wedding. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Margie. How may I help you?
Hello I'm calling because I'm trying to find an ATM in my location and report my card stolen.
OK. Thank you. So you stated at first you would like to locate an ATM?
Yes please.
OK can I have your street address where you are inquiring?
Eight seven two southwest Eighteenth Street.
OK. And the city and state?
Morgantown, Pennsylvania.
OK. And the ZIP code please.
One three eight four three.
OK I do see there are several ATMs near your location. There is an ATM located on Twenty-fifth Avenue. Point five miles away. let's see. I also see that there is an ATM at the bank of PA Loans. That one looks to be about two point three miles away from you on Southwest Street. But there is a two dollar and ninety-nine cent fee at that location.
OK. The one on Twenty-fifth Avenue is fine. Thank you. I will locate that on Google Maps. Can I report a card stolen please? I was the grocery store
Getting recipes for a dish I was trying to make. Have you ever heard of Mosh Posh?
It It's a really good dish. My grandmother used to make it. I really wanted to make it but when I got to the store and to check my wallet I realized it was missing.
OK. No I've never heard of Mosh Posh. OK but I can assist you with reporting your card lost. Do you have your credit card number?
No not at the moment.
OK what about your account for the card?
It's so long have to give you real quick. It's three eight five eight nine three four eight.
OK, and can I have the date your credit card was lost or stolen?
Yes. It was September the third.
OK and can I have the name of the business where you last used the card?
Say love. OK, can I check my balance when we're done?
OK yep you can check your balance, and I can cancel the credit card and re-issue a new one.
OK how long would that take?
about seven to ten days. Can I confirm your address?
Yes, nine eight three Maple Street Luke Columbus, Florida three two two four six.
OK thank you. Give me one second. Let me cancel this card for you.
Almost finished. OK. I have the card canceled. I canceled the credit card reissued a new one. You can expect to receive your card in the mail in seven to ten business days.
Once you get your new card in the mail on there there will be a sticker on the front of it with the number that you can call to activate it. You won't be able to use your card unless you activate it. but if you're having any issues with that you can give us a call back and we can help you.
OK.
All right, and would you still like to know the balance of your account?
Yes.
OK and which account is it?
My savings.
OK give me one second to pull up that information.
OK.
OK. And I do see that there is five thousand nine hundred and eighty-seven dollars in your savings account.
OK, thank you.
Mhm.
All right. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No that's it. Thank you.
And have a good day.
OK no problem. Again, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Margie. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cathy. How may I help you today?
Hi this is Julie Williams. I'm calling to check a balance on my account.
Oh sure Julie. I'd be happy to help you with that. I just need to ask you a couple of questions first. Could I get your date of birth please?
My date of birth is seven twenty-five nineteen fifty-seven.
And the last four of your social security number please?
Eight six one six.
And I have one more question. If you could verify for me the street you grew up on.
Buckingham.
All right, and what type of account are we looking for the balance on?
the savings.
OK great. Could I get the account number please?
Sure it is. Hang on, let me look it up.
Mm I'm looking on my I'm looking on my statement. Oh OK, here it is. It's one oh. I'm sorry. One five oh, one oh six eight five.
OK great. Thank you so much for that. I am showing a balance right now of one thousand six hundred seventy-five dollars and twenty-five cents.
Is that before or after my social security deposit?
Well it looks like your social security deposit came in two days ago, so that would be after.
Oh, OK. Can I transfer two hundred dollars from my savings to my checking account?
Absolutely. If you wouldn't mind if I could get the last four numbers of that checking account?
Oh the last four numbers of the checking account is five six two zero.
OK, great. Thank you so much. So you wanted to transfer two hundred dollars, correct?
Right, from my savings to my checking.
OK great. Thank you so much. I've gone ahead and made that transfer for you. two hundred dollars from your savings to your checking account. let's see. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm not sure. I guess really my balance. Checking my balance is really what I needed to do today.
OK great. Now I just. One more thing before I let you go for the day. Did are you aware that we offer online banking services to all of our customers?
No. No I didn't know that. what exactly is it that you offer?
Well you can check your balances online. You can make transfers between accounts online. You can also sign up for our bill pay, which means you could pay your bills directly online. You can do that from any mobile device or your laptop or your home computer, whichever is most convenient for you. But those services are free.
Oh and I can do it on my phone or my my computer?
Absolutely.
Oh that's awesome. OK I think I'm gonna check into that. where do I go to to learn to to fill out the forms and stuff? Do I come into the branch?
You can do it right online. You simply go to our bank's website and type it. Just click the button to get started, and it'll walk you through the information needed for. It's pretty much basic personal information needed. to get started with your online account.
Mhm.
And is there like some kind of support I can call if I run into problems when I'm trying to do that?
You can call our number any time and anyone who answers would be happy to help you with your online banking.
Oh wow. That's really great. OK. Well let's see. I checked my account balances and we made the transfer. I think that's everything I need to to do today.
OK great Julie. That's awesome. And again, if you have any trouble or you want us to walk you through step by step with the online banking, you just give us a call and anyone will be able to assist you with that.
OK, all right. That sounds. That sounds really good.
All right, well you have a great day.
Thank you for all your help.
You're very welcome.
OK, bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. For we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
yes. I'm trying to find out if there's an ATM close to me somewhere?
OK. I can help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
it's Edith Lynn.
All right. Thank you Edith. do you prefer that I call you Edith or do you prefer I call you Miss Lynn?
Edith is fine.
OK Edith. are you wanting to find an ATM location near your home or near somewhere else?
I'd like to find one preferably close to my home. I've I've moved so somewhere close to my new home.
OK Edith. What is your home address?
So I just moved. So if you give me just one second. I need to find my lease. I think it's fifty-four fifty-six Walnut but please let me check. Give me just one second.
take your time Edith. There's no rush OK.
Here's the one. Find lease. OK. So yes. It's fifty-four fifty-six Walnut and that's Kansas City Missouri. Six four one five two.
OK. I have that address. It's fifty-four fifty-six Walnut and it's Kansas City Missouri. Correct?
Yes that's correct and it's six four one five two is the ZIP code.
All right. Give me just a moment to look that up for you and see what we can find in here. All right. So It looks like we have a couple of options for you near your home. Edith can you tell me do yo you prefer an ATM location that also has a bank branch at the same facility or you're just looking strictly for an ATM?
So today I just need an ATM but I will probably need an entire banking branch sometime soon in the future. So if you could tell me both I prefer that.
OK. All right. So I can give you a couple of options here. If you are looking for just an ATM we have an ATM location on the Sunset Mall. That address is two one five Rumor Road in Kansas City Missouri. That one especially looks like it's maybe a half a mile from your home so it's pretty close. did you want me to repeat that address for you?
Yes. I'm sorry I didn't have a pen. If you If you could repeat it.
All right. That is two one five Rumor Road. That's R U M O R Road at in Kansas City Missouri.
OK. Got it. You said that's on the Sunset Mall?
Yes. That's correct. It says it's in the Sunset Mall.
All right. Have you ever been to the Sunset Mall?
it's been several years since I've been there but I am familiar with the mall. I'm from that area as well.
Oh yeah well. If you go there's this great Italian Restaurant named Rossini's and that's so good. It's a little bit like one of the reasons why I moved here.
Well I will have to check that out. You said it's called Rossini's?
Yes that's right. It's like of the best eggplant parmesan like I've ever had in my life. It's so good.
Well it sounds delicious.
All right. Well Edith we've found that ATM location for you but I also wanna share the address of the closest Intellibank banking branch for you. So it looks like we have a full service location that's about maybe three miles from your address. If you a pen handy again I will I will give you that address as well.
OK. I'm ready.
All right. That address is one zero one nine and its Claire C L A I R E Munn M U N N way in Kansas City Missouri. Looks like their ZIP code is gonna be six five seven two one. All right.
OK. Got it. also can you tell me like at the branch, that branch the one that you just gave me, am I able to buy money orders there?
money orders? Well so unfortunately we do not sell money orders at any of our branch locations. Are you possibly trying to mean cashier's checks?
Yes. Like are those the checks that you get from the bank that don't have your checking info on them that you can like buy or whatever to to to send out?
yes. That's correct. We we do have cashier's checks at all of our branches that you can you can get as long as you have an account there.
OK. That's perfect. Like sometimes I order stuff online and I don't want all my information out there to get stolen or whatever. So like I'll use those like like cash in checks or money orders or whatever. to buy that stuff. Cuz my sister had all of her information stolen last year from a shopping like a shopping store online or whatever. She was buying clothes and there's like hackers and people all over the place just phishing websites waiting for people's info. So I like to cut it out there as little as possible. .
Yep I completely understand your concern. here at Intellibank we try to do everything we can to make sure our customers information does not get into the wrong hands. So that's why we always add those extra security layers. But again this is a very smart move on your part. Just not maybe putting your information out there online. and throughout certain websites if you don't necessarily trust them.
All right. Thank you.
OK Edith. So I have updated your address and your phone number on your account. I've provided you with that ATM branch and the the branch location for the the full service one. Was there anything else that I could possibly do for you today?
I don't I don't think so. I've got it. I've got it all. I've got the branch the ATM and everything's been updated. I think I've got everything. Thank you.
All right Edith. Thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a great day OK.
All right. Thank you too.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Sarah Lee how may I help you?
Hello I just love the coats and I would like to go to one of their home games this weekend. I have to get a hotel and book a room. I haven't found a room yet, but I have my flight booked before I go I need to pay a bill. I have a bill that needs to be paid. Need to pay from my account, to another account.
OK. All Right. Can I have your first and last name?
OK my name is Bill Jean.
Thank you, and your date of birth please?
January the third nineteen sixty-three.
OK. All Right thank you for that Mr. Jean. And can I have your account number please?
three two four five six four three nine five six.
OK. Thank you. And for your security question what is the name of the street you grew up on?
I think it was forth avenue.
OK. Perfect. So, for the bill payment we can do an internal transfer but just keep in mind that there is a five dollar fee. It allows you to transfer from your account from one account to another account. would you like to do this?
Yes, please. Also can you tell me my last transaction?
Yes, one second.
Let's wrap up the transfer and then we can discuss the last transaction is that OK?
Yes.
OK. So what is the account number that you would like to withdrawal from?
Three two four five six four three nine five six.
OK. Thank you.
And the account you would like to pay from including the routing number.
Hold on real quick. I gotta get that information for you.
OK, no problem take your time.
it's difficult trying to find it.
yes I'm here and you're looking for your routing number is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK.
OK. Here it is the routing number is nine four six four three nine five four six. Account number two six five nine three six six.
OK.
And I do have that account and routing number so thank you for providing that for me. Is this a domestic or international transfer?
Domestic.
OK. Can I have the recipients first and last name?
Round Interplace.
And the amount of the transfer?
Four twenty five.
OK. So plus the five dollar fee your total will be four hundred and thirty dollars.
OK.
OK.
OK so your transfer is complete. you have an account balance of five thousand dollars.
thank you is there another way to complete internal affair over the the internal transfer? Other than calling in?
Other than calling in? yes you can do a a wire internal transfer online, with our online banking. would you like for me to help you out with that?
No it's OK. I'll call back later for that. My last transaction please.
OK, and I do see that your last transaction was at the Walmart on nineteenth avenue and the total of three hundred and fifty-four dollars. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's it.
All Right no problem again thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Stacy Lee. I hope you have a great day.
Good afternoon. This is Rose at Intellibank. How can I help you today?
hi Rose. how are you today?
I am doing great. Thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
I'm doing great. Enjoying this weather. I love the fall season and all the things that come along with that. How about you? How's the weather where you are?
Oh my goodness. It is gorgeous. Finally!
Oh that's awesome.
I I live in Myrtle Beach South Carolina and we have had a summer that is truly for the history books. It's been absolutely insanely humid. And I'm talking about. The kinda heat. The moment you open the door. It feels like someone's blowing a a hot hair dryer into to your mouth. And your makeup just slides off of your face. And don't be wearing some false eyelashes now! One's gonna be dangling before you get to the car.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That's hilarious. Well. I I'm calling today. I actually I was online. And I was trying to. You know. Figure out the whole situation online and and get setup and everything. And I was having a problem because I don't know if it was your website or my internet service. I didn't notice having an issue earlier when I had tried to search something on Google but but regardless. I was having a problem doing anything online so. I though I'd give you a call. and see if you could help me out. I am trying to open an account.
I'm very sorry to hear that you had issues on our website. It has been down for two days. However it's supposed to be up tomorrow. Of course not the day that you were trying to setup your account!
Oh OK.
So. Yes we've had calls all day about it. and again I apologize. we want to welcome you to the family without frustration. So. I will certainly take over and help you with that situation today. so you're opening a new account. Do you know what type of account you'd like to open?
yes. I'd like to open up a checking account to start please.
OK. We can certainly take acbye bye. take a look at the checking account options we have. We do have one that has some nice kickbacks. it has cash back on your purchases however that one does have a monthly fee. I mean it's not very much. But it it is a monthly fee. So And then we also have an account that does not have cash back. Just our basic account. And that one is free.
I think I'll go with the free checking account please.
OK. All right. Let's get you started. what did you say your first and last name were?
Sure. It's Kim. And the last name is Johns. That's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. Thank you miss Johns. And could you please provide me with your social security number?
Sure. That is one seven three. Seven three. Nine five zero three.
Thank you ma'am. And we have some security question options I'd like to read to you. And you tell me which one seems best for you. We have what street did you grow up on? What is the name of your pet?
the street I grew up on sounds good. and the answer to that is Broadway.
OK. Thank you. All right. OK. And I did want to advise you about the interest rate on this account that you will incur. It's Point two percent. On this account. And Would you like any further information about setting up the online banking in order to access your account balance in the future? As it will be up and running tomorrow. The technicians have assured us.
OK.
no. I think I can figure it out. I just like I said. Was having a problem connecting. And. You know. in the midst of. Switching. My Bank. Excuse me. My company is switching the bank that they always used. And so I'm like. I wanted to get a new account setup. And I will eventually get this all setup with automatic deposit, you know. From my from my company. but. You know. I wanted to do it all online. But like I said I was having issues. And you were great. You took care of everything. and whatever else I need to do. I will check back. And if I can't do it online. I'll give you all a call.
Mhm.
OK. Awesome. I'm so happy to have you as a part of our family Kim. And And it was nice talking to you today. I sure hope you have a wonderful rest of your week.
Thanks. You too hun.
All right.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I assist you today?
yes. I need to check the my checking account balance.
Absolutely I can assist you with that. Can I have your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S and my birthday is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you sir. I've got that here and can I have the last four of your Social Security Number?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you and then just to verify your identity for security. Your question is what was the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
Thank you Mr. Thomas. I've verified that information and can I have you verify the address on your account please?
OK. I've moved recently. So I'm not sure which address you have. I've got three six Edgemont Lane Canyon Country California. ZIP code nine one three eight seven and then you may have seven six Sunbeam Drive Canyon Country California. Nine one three eight seven.
All right sir. Yes. I do see yeah seven six Sunbeam Drive Canyon Country California nine one three eight seven as the address we have on file. Is that your current address or your old address?
That is my current address.
All right. Perfect. Now you were wanting to check the account balance of your checking account. Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right. Lemme pull that up. OK. I see you an available balance in your checking account today of one thousand forty-nine dollars and sixty-two cents.
OK. I got another question for you. does my checking account does it earn any interest?
yes sir. The checking account that you have does earn an interest of point zero zero zero one percent annually for all funds over a thousand dollars.
OK. So I have to keep a thousand dollar minimum balance at the end of each month to to to gain that interest?
Yes sir. If your balance is over one thousand dollars then that interest rate will be applied to any funds in excess of one thousand dollars at the end of each month.
OK. That sounds good.
how's your day been going? Good so far?
Yes sir. My day has been going quite well. has not been unexceptionally hectic day so that's been nice.
Oh that's great. I'm about to get off work pretty soon. So and it's Friday. So good start to wake in.
Absolutely sir. Fridays are one of the best things about work.
Yeah yeah.
All right Mr. Thomas. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
I can't think of anything.
All right sir. Well I do appreciate you being such a loyal customer to Intellibank and there will be a brief survey after we disconnect. If you'd like to stick on the line and fill that out to let us know how we did today and how we can better service your banking needs in the future.
OK. I do appreciate it.
All right. Thank you for calling Intellibank. I will let you have a great day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mark speaking. How could I help you today?
Hi Mark. My name is Dorothy Lee. I would like to check my savings account balance.
OK Dorothy. I can help you with that if you give me one second. Could you in the meantime give me your date of birth please?
Yeah. It's April the fifteenth nineteen ninety-nine.
OK perfect. Thank you so much. Now also could you give me your account number?
Oh no I don't have it with me. Is that a problem?
That shouldn't be a problem. do you happen to have your credit card number on you as well?
I don't have that either.
OK well I need some form of identifying you. do you happen to have a driver's license or another state ID issued number?
No sorry I I didn't bring anything with me today. Is there any other way we can do it?
unfortunately I'm gonna need some of that information to to process your request. so unfortunately because there's a lot of of theft going on I I it's could be fraud. I'm not sure that you are who you say who you are and if you can't give me that information. We use those as security checkpoints then I won't be able to complete your request for you. I apologize for that Mrs. Dorothy Lee.
Well I'm kind of disappointed because I always get like a terrible service customer here but OK. I want you to help me with another thing. Is that possible?
Yes of course. what what else could I help you with today? .
Yeah I wanted to close my savings account.
OK that's no problem but again I'm going to need to ask you for your information here. could you do you have any sort of information for this specific account maybe you have a credit card number or an account number for this specific account?
Yeah I have my account number.
Oh fantastic. OK could you go ahead and give me that whenever you are ready?
Yeah. It's three three three five one four.
OK perfect. Thank you. give me one second as I pull this up. it seems that you set up a security question. what street did you grow up on? Could you answer that for me?
Sorry I couldn't hear you very well. Could you repeat the question?
Yes no problem. which street did you grow up on?
Yeah I grew up on Brooklyn Street.
Perfect. That is correct. OK now I'm in here. you mentioned was your savings account you mentioned that you would like to close?
Yeah that's correct.
OK no problem. Now could you give me a reason for why you would like to close your account?
Yeah I really can't pay the the current fees so I thought that it would be better for me not to fall behind with my payments and just close it.
OK that's understandable. now I'm. If this is the account three three three five one four that you would like to be closing, can I confirm that with you?
Yeah. I already mentioned that to you.
OK perfect. And I would also like to transfer this the the additional the available funds that are in here right now I could have them transferred for you if you would like.
no that's OK for today. I wouldn't like to do that.
OK which would like to do with the available funds that are in the account?
Well we can do that. OK I didn't know we it was necessary.
OK no problem. if you could just give me a certain account that we can look into for transferring the funds.
Yeah. It's four nine one one oh four.
OK perfect. And the routing number for that account number?
I'm sorry, the what?
The routing number we'll need.
Yeah. It's three eight one nine five four.
OK perfect. I can get this done for you in just one second. I apologize the inconvenience that you've had and I also apologize for the the lack of excellent customer service that you mentioned. I hope that we can continue to serve you in the future.
Yeah OK. That's OK. I'm in a hurry so I would like to do it fast please.
OK. I can go ahead and close out this account and have the funds transferred. Is there anything else that we can help you with? .
No that will be all. Thank you.
OK thank you Miss Dorothy and again I hope you have a great day. My name is Mark from Intellibank.
OK. Bye.
Have a good day. Bye bye.
Good afternoon. You've reached Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Oh wow. Seems like I've been on hold forever here. I'm not exactly sure you can help me but I got this thing in the mail and I need to talk to somebody.
Oh what does it say in the letter that you got?
Says I bounced a check.
OK. Could I have your account number please?
Seven one three eight two two one eight one zero nine.
And your drivers license number?
L four two two seven eight nine six four one zero.
And what is your date of birth?
February fifteen nineteen fifty-six.
And the last four of your social security number?
One four eight one.
And for additional information what is your mother's maiden name?
Brown.
OK. Let me check your account.
Yes. Right now your account balance is negative ten dollars.
Wow. I wonder if my check didn't get in there on time. I deposited a check the other day. How long does it take before they clear?
It takes three days for business checks, if its from your employer and a week for checks that are not business.
Oh wow. I guess that was the problem then.
hmm
Well what can I do about it?
Well let's see. how much was the check that you deposited?
Fifty dollars.
OK. Yeah. I I see that, that will be cleared in two days. So if you'd like, you could would you like to transfer some money from another account to help cover this?
Yeah I guess I better.
So would you like it deposited from your savings one account or your savings two?
Savings one.
OK. So go ahead and transfer the the fifty dollars over to cover the check that bounced?
Do you. We have a program where you could pay to have any check that bounces it'll automatically transfer over. Would you be interested in that?
How much does that cost?
It cost three dollars a month.
hmm
Well that's kind of pricey. This the first time I've ever bounced a check.
How much do they. Are they gonna charge me for bouncing the check? I've never bounced one before.
Well Let me check with my manager, just a moment.
I talked to the manager, and she said because this is a first offense that we will go ahead and waive the twenty-five dollar fee.
Oh that's. That's great I really appreciate that.
For you.
No problem. Thank you for all the support that you've done banking with us for all these years. I see you've had an account here for ten years with us.
Yes. That's true. They've I've always had good service, and most of your banks are local.
How's the weather over there today?
It is gorgeous today. But they are saying light rain tomorrow so.
I hope not. I have plans for tomorrow that are outdoor plans, so I hope it doesn't rain.
I don't know.
So what is it you think you're doing tomorrow?
Well I'm gonna take my grand child to the park.
Oh that sounds fun!
Yeah I think he'll enjoy it.
Well that's good. We also offer online banking. Are you signed up for that?
No I'm pretty old fashioned.
Cause that's a way that you can check your balance daily. You could also call into our bank and put in your account number and it could also tell you your account balance if you're interested in that in the future.
is there a cost for that?
Just what just unless your Only if your phone charges for calls but no there's no additional cost for that.
OK. Well I guess maybe I ought to do that then. Then I won't have this problem in the future.
Yes that would be be good but ten years without any bounced checks is pretty good.
Yeah. Try to pay my bills on time.
That's good.
Any other thing I could help you with today?
No. I think that's about it.
Appreciate your help.
No problem I hope you have a good day.
You too.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
Hello Intellibank. This is Jim. Can I help you?
Yes. I need to speak to someone about. Well, I've lost my debit card.
I don't know if anybody has it or not. I've I've lost it.
OK and what's your name, ma'am?
My name is Sally Rogers. R O G E R S.
OK, Sally. lemme ask you just a few information pieces of information so I know it's you.
do you happen to know what your account number is?
My account number? No. I don't know my account number.
OK. Well, how about your driver's license number?
My whole wallet got lost. I don't have my driver's license. I don't have a credit card. I don't have. I don't have anything. I don't have anything.
It all got lost.
OK. Well, then maybe I can how about I just ask you for the last four of your social.
OK. All right. The last four. I see. Last four.
Nine five seven six.
OK. That's correct. Can you let me put this in here?
OK.
So let me just ask you a few more cuz I wanna make sure this is really you.
what is your date of birth?
My date of birth. I need my date of birth.
eleven four of nineteen eighty-four. I'm just so frustrated.
I I understand, ma'am. I'm sorry that this has happened to you.
OK. So and so I see that there is a security question on here and it says what is your mother's maiden name.
Her maiden name is Philips.
Philips. That's right.
OK. now, do you remember exactly what date that you lost your card?
Yes. It was last Sunday would it be September the nineteenth and I'd stopped to get gas I must have plant my wallet on the back of the car and then I guess when I started to go I've lost it. I went back. I've searched everywhere I don't know if anybody has it. It's just gone.
OK and what station where you at that you got gas?
I was at Gas N Go at Reddington.
OK.
So I just wanna check your account to see if anyone has used your your card yet.
OK.
So I'm just gonna ask you a few I'mma ask you a few places that you used your card last at.
OK.
OK. So it looks like here it says Walgreens for ten dollars.
Yes. Yes. I got a prescription filled. Yes.
OK and there's a Target for twenty-four dollars and twenty-four dollars and thirty-two cents.
Target. Target.
Target. What's the date on Target?
it was the September the eighteenth.
So that would have been Saturday. I did. I did stop at Target. Yes I did with my mom.
OK.
And how about on the same day, there was Sonic for twelve dollars and forty-two cents.
Yes. I forgot. Metro Sonic. We did go by Sobye bye. After target we did go by Sonic. Yes.
OK. So it does really look like these are yours. Your transactions so far. So let's do it this way. let's go ahead and cancel your card.
OK.
Now, I gotta tell you that once I cancel this card, you won't be able to use it even if you have the number of the card.
You won't be able to use it.
OK. I can't use the card. I have some questions.
OK.
can I write a check off the account?
Oh yes. You can definitely write a check.
OK. What will happen to my automatic the things I have automatically paid from that account?
Oh well, I'm sorry about this but you have actually to call everyone who has this card and you will have to give them a a new expiration date. The card number will be the same but the the expiration date and the number on the back will be completely different.
What if there's things need to pull before I get a new card?
Yeah. You have to call those companies and work it out with them.
OK. This is just so frustrating.
Yeah. so let's confirm your address right now cuz I wanna make sure that your card goes to the right place.
OK.
well, that's a problem too. So see, I actually moved recently and so the address, I need to change my address with you. do you want my new address or the address you have on file?
I want a new address.
OK. So I'm gonna update my new address then.
OK.
So my new address is four two six Rock Road Littleton, Nebraska and the zip code is four three two four five.
OK, ma'am. I've got this down and I will go ahead and change that address for you and I will get your card ordered. Now the card will take anywhere from eight to ten business days to get to you and and business days are gonna be Monday through Friday so we won't count Saturday or Sunday.
OK.
But I can come into the bank and withdraw money if I need to?
Oh, completely. Completely.
OK.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Well, I do have a couple of things. I want to know is there any other way that I can report if heaven forbid this were to happen again any other way I can report a stolen card rather than waiting you know I found. I figured it out last night. I had to wait till the bank open this morning.
Is there another way to do that?
Yes, ma'am. You can go on to Intellibank dot com and on there there's there's descriptions and directions on how to either email or has a phone number that you can call someone and then they will cancel your card for you just like I I just did.
But I had to wait to call them in the day?
well they are open until seven p.m. though so they'll open up at at eight a.m. and it will close at at at seven p.m..
So if it happens in the night, there's really no other way to do it?
yes, ma'am. You either have have to either email and wait for the morning or or if it's between those times then you can of course come in and go online.
OK.
Well, if there's nothing else I can do for you then I will talk to you later. If you have any kind of questions please just call me back.
All right. Thank you.
goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers, this is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes, I need to close an account and trying to that balance.
OK. I can help you with that. Could you please just confirm your first and last name or an account number for me?
Yes. My account number is five four five four four one one and my name is Rhonda Green.
Thank you Missus Green. Do you prefer that I call you Miss Green or Rhonda?
Oh dear Lord. Please call me Rhonda. My mother is a Miss Green and it makes me feel elderly hearing that.
Well, Rhonda. I totally understand that and I want to make you feel as comfortable as possible. So Rhonda, if you could please just provide me your date of birth, I will get that information for you.
My birthdate is October eight of nineteen eighty and would you also like my social security number. I have that as well.
Thank you, Rhonda. Your social security number won't be necessary but it does look like you have a security question listed for the account. Can you tell me what the color of your first car was?
Oh, man. My first car was a candy apple red Ford Mustang with a convertible. I loved that car.
It sounded like it was an incredible car.
It was.
Thank you for confirming that for me, Rhonda. It looks like that is the correct question. So it looks like this is a savings account and you are wanting to close this account today. Is that correct?
Yes. I need to close it down.
OK, Rhonda. Do you mind me asking is there something that you were not satisfied with regarding Intellibank and this account that we might be able to fix for you?
Oh no. There is nothing wrong with the account or with Intellibank. I have lots of other accounts with them. I'm just trying to keep you know all of my stuff kind of organized and I'm not really using this savings account so I wanted to use the savings account I had at another bank that just yielded a higher return.
OK. If you have a moment, I could go over some other account options with Intellibank that might be better suited for your needs to see if we might be able to keep you as our customer regarding this account. If that was an option for you.
I do appreciate it, Brenda. But I really just want to close the account if you don't mind.
OK. I understand. I I can do that for you. It looks like there is a four hundred dollar and twenty cent balance on the account.
Would you like me to have that check mailed to you for that balance refund?
could you possibly transfer that balance to a new account at a new bank for me?
I I can. I can do that. I would just need to verify some information with you Rhonda. could you please just verify your home address?
Yes. My home address is twenty-two fifty-five Nightingale Road in Kansas City, Missouri.
Thank you and could you also verify your telephone number for me Rhonda?
It is six five six three three three two two one one.
All right. Thank you. And can you tell me what bank you will be sending that transfer to?
It's Capital Bank.
Capital Bank One, it says, actually.
do you have a routing number for that account number that you would like to send to?
Yes. let met me look for it real quick. Give me just a moment.
That's fine, Rhonda. Take your time.
.
OK so it looks like that routing number will be eight five four three two one five four three.
I think that's the correct one.
Right. Thank you, Rhonda. and what is the account number at Capital Bank that we can transfer these funds to.
the account number is three four five nine zero zero one.
All right.
Thank you, Rhonda. I appreciate that. I am going to go ahead and initiate this transfer but before this transfer can be prove, I'm going to need you to review and sign the account closing and balance documents These are basically just some documents that we send to you through an email and you can E sign those just to just to get to send those out to you real quick though I do need you to confirm the email address we have on the account.
My email address is run Rhonda run, R U N R H O N D A R U N, at Yahoo dot com.
All right.
Run Rhonda run at Yahoo dot com.
Thank you. That is the correct email. I will email you these documents and once you get them, if you will just E sign them. It will automatically send those back to me and then we can start to get that transfer completed for you and get this account closed.
I just want wanna verify it one more time that there is nothing else I can do for you before we complete this transfer. There is nothing else that we might be able to assist you with that might keep you here with this savings account.
I don't think there's anything.
Was there anything else I could do just to assist you at all today?
Well, can you tell me are they going to email me something that's showing that that checking account is closed? So that I know and have proof that it's been closed.
yes. Just to confirm though that we are closing a savings account today not a checking account. But Intellibank will mail you the documents verifying the transfer and that account was closed so that you will have all of that information for your records. Is there anything else that I might be able to assist you with?
no. I I don't think so. That's it. this won't affect any of my other accounts that I have with Intellibank though, correct? Like it will all just remain separate and I just want to verify it's just this one account that we've discussed that's being closed.
Yes. Yes, Rhonda. That is correct. We are only closing the savings account that you provided. it's the account that's ending in give me one second here just to verify. So yes, it's the account number that you provided for us that is ending in in four four one one. That is the account that we're closing today. It is a savings account with the balance of four hundred dollars and twenty cents and we're going to get that money transferred over to you at your Capital Bank account. Is that correct? .
Yes. That sounds fine. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Thank you, Rhonda, and thank you for choosing Intellibank. We we hope to do business with you again in the future. Thank you.
Hello. This is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yes. I'm calling. Is your website down? Because I'm trying to log in, and all I'm seeing is this website not available error.
OK. I want to just check to see. Make sure our website is up currently. Let's see. Yes mam. Our website is up. What's going on on your end?
Its just saying that the website is currently not available. Every time I try to log in. And. Yeah.
OK. OK. It could, it could be dealing with just some multiple issues. on your end can you tell me how you, what what is in your address bar? You don't have to read me the numbers. But what is the basic like, WWW dot? Intellibank dot, whatever. What you, what have you typed so that I can help you out?
yes sir. I typed WWW dot I N T E L I bank dot org.
OK. I can see what's the problem. So Intellibank is spelled dot, spelled wrong and its not dot org its dot com. So what I want you to do is I want you to go to your address. Or first, first and foremost let me ask you are you by a computer, mam?
Yes sir.
OK. So what I want you to do is I want you to click onto your address bar and delete everything. And just type in the letters that I give you. And that way we can load up the site on your end.
Alright.
OK. Just let me know when you're ready mam.
Alright. I'm ready.
OK. So, I want you to type in WWW dot.
OK.
I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
Alright. I have it in. I see its loading up now for me. Thank you.
Oh you're absolutely welcome mam. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh yeah I habye bye, I have one more I need help finding the nearest ATM near me. And I also need help finding something that's kind of farther away. If that's possible?
Absolutely. Yes ma'am that is very possible. So you're looking to find a ATM that closest to you, closest to you. And one thbye bye, one that is a little bit farther away?
Yes sir.
OK. So can I get the address where you're living at ma'am?
Yes. Three eight six. Taylor street.
OK. And Taylor. Would it be spelled T A Y L O R?
Yes sir.
OK. Can I get the city ma'am?
Columbia.
OK. And can I get the state mam?
South Carolina.
Thank you so much mam. Everything's uploaded on my end. I want to get you the bank that is closest to you. And then I'm going to just get a bit little more information on what you're looking for. in the bank that is further, farthest away from you.
Yes.
Well, not the farthest. But that's a little bit farther, farther than the closest one.
Good. How's your day going?
My day is going good. How's your day ma'am?
Pretty OK.
OK. That's always good to hear. OK so. From where. OK so on my end. I mean I'm pretty sure it should be on your end as well. The closest bank that is near you would be the one on Marksfield Road. And that would be seven three nine six Marksfield Road. That would be the closest one to you. It is said to be about eight minutes away from where you're living at. Now for the bank that your, not the bank excuse me. For the ATM that you said that you're looking for, looking to be a bit little farther than where you're at. about how much minutes do you, would you want it away? How long would you want it to be away from your current, current location?
I'm not sure. Maybe ten or maybe thirty. I'm not sure.
OK. So since we're thinking of it being a bit little farther. Do you want it to be like twenty five minutes, twenty twenty five minutes away from where you're at? That would be around a good part?
yes. That'll be good.
OK. K. I want to go with just the first one I see. There are multiple in your area. OK. Mam, I have a bank that is nineteen minutes away from where you're living at. And this one would be, in Leesville Road Seven three forty five Leavesville road. That'll be nineteen minutes away. So, the one that is eight minutes away from you would be on Marksfield Road and the one that is nineteen minutes away from you would be in Leavesfield road.
OK. Thank you sir.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today, mam?
No sir. That'll be all.
That'll be all for today?
Yes.
OK. Thank you as always for calling Intellibank. And if you have any more questions don't hesitate to call. There will be a survey at the end asking you about your experience. Please let us know how, how I did today. And if I can do anything to improve your experience in the future. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cathy. How can I help you today?
Hi, this is Laura Winters and I I'd like to know what kinds of credit cards you have. Other bank that I have has a terrible fraud department. They are so hard to work with. They couldn't resolve a credit dispute that I had. It was fraud from another state! Another state! I haven't been out of state in at least three years. And yet they couldn't resolve it with their credit their with their fraud department. Just makes me spit nails.
I'm so sorry to hear that. That definitely sounds very frustrating. I know that fraud can be really complicated. I know that our fraud department does their best to make it a very smooth process for you though. As far as the cards that we offer we have quite a wide variety. we have travelers cards. We offer platinum cards. Gold cards.
actually I'd like to open a new account.
Oh absolutely! do you know if you would be interested in opening a savings or a checking account with us?
What's the difference between the two?
That is a wonderful question! So a the savings account with us is free. There are no fees to use that account. you are also able to earn some interest on that. We are currently offering zero point five percent on our savings account. As far as our checkings go there is a fee if you do not meet our requirement of fifteen charges to the account per month. otherwise if you do not meet that minimum requirement there is a four dollar ninety-nine cent charge that would be assessed to you. There is lower interest that you're able to earn in the checking account. It's only zero point one percent. And checking accounts are however a transactional account. That would be a wonderful option if you plan on writing any checks off the account or having any automatic withdrawals coming out.
Oh OK. Well I think I'll take a checking account today.
Excellent! I just need to go ahead and collect some information then in order to establish the account. If I could please have you repeat your first and last name for me.
OK it's Laura Winters.
Wonderful, thank you Miss Winters. And if I could get your full social security number please?
OK it's three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven. And my birthday is April fifth nineteen fifty-five.
Wonderful, thank you so much for that. All ready and if I could also have your current address please.
Nine eight seven South Papa Drive Pueblo, Colorado eight one zero one three. And my phone number is seven one nine two one five two six nine nine.
Excellent thank you again so much Miss Winters. we will also, there's a final piece of information here. Need to establish a security question for your account. You will use this any time you call the call center. this allows us to verify your identity. we do have several options for you to choose from. One of them is the name of your first grade teacher.
I'll take that one. That one is easy for me it's Mr. Morrison.
Wonderful. And all right so that is all that we need to establish the checking account for you. would you like any additional information on setting up online banking with us?
Yes please. I think I'd like that.
Excellent. So you will just visit our website. That is WWW dot Intellibank dot org. Along the top banner you will see a button number login. Clicking on that button will direct you to a new page. On that page underneath the login section you will just simply click on enroll. Once you fill out the prompts there and establish a username and a password then you will have your online account established. From there you're able to check your balances, Make any transfers that you need. On and you'll also have access to our online bill pay as well as our site where you can order checks.
OK that sounds like a neat program. The only thing is I'm not really techy. So, if I have problems on doing it is what do I do? Is there anybody who can help me?
Actually there is. on our webpage, there is a one eight hundred number that you can call if you experience any issues and they will be able to walk you through and resolve any questions that you have. is there anything that I'm able to do for you? Anything else that I'm able to do for you Miss Winters?
Well yes. Can you help me with the weather? It's just been so hot lately.
unfortunately I just handed out my last cold day. I do know that I have heard that next week the weather should be getting a lot cooler. But I hope that you find a way to stay cool in the meantime Miss Winters.
OK thank you. Have a good day.
Of course. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Care. This is Lincoln. How can I help you today?
yes. My name is Ben Kendall. K E N D A L. And I need to find the nearest branch.
Absolutely, Mr. Kendall. I can help you with that and where is it that you we're trying to find a branch at?
well, I'm going to take my grandson to the branch and get him get him signed up on a savings account for his birthday and I'm travelling and hang on. Let me see if I can find where he lives.
Absolutely, Mr. Kendall. Take your time.
OK. I found my address but it's in Wake Forest, North Carolina.
All right, Mr. Kendall and could you provide me with a street address so I can narrow that done for you? We have quite a few branches there.
It's forty-two Garden Avenue
All right, yes. It looks like we do have a branch about four miles from that location. Would you like the address of that branch?
yes, please.
Absolutely. That address is going to be sixty-five Dunbar Avenue in Wake Forest.
OK. I wrote that down.
How's the weather up there where you're at?
the weather's been doing just fine up here. Is the weather treating you all right where you're at?
It is. I'm I'm coming from Texas so it's pretty hot down here right now.
Oh I can imagine. I actually used to live down near Texas and that it's hot pretty much all year down there.
All right, Mr. Kendall. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I think you've helped a great deal.
Well, I appreciate that, Mr. Kendall and. Absolutely, what else can I assist you with?
Oh, Oh, there is one. One other thing.
what hours is the branch open?
Of course. The branch is going to be open eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday.
And it is open on Saturdays from nine a.m. to two p.m..
OK.
Sounds great.
All right, Mr. Kendall and is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. I can't think of anything.
All right. Well, again, thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Care.
And there will be a short survey for you to fill out about your experience today, if you just hang on the line.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. You have a wonderful rest of your day.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Donna. How could I help you?
Hello. My name's Sue Long. And I was wanting to know a branch near me. I just moved here from Boston Massachusettes. And I don't. Need to know my account number as well. Could you help me with that?
I'd be glad to help you with that. Great. so let's start with your account number. And I just need to do a little bit of verification here. You said your name is Sue Long?
Yes. Sue Long. And I don't know my account number but could you look it up a different way?
I can. may I have your address?
My address is one three zero eight Dream Avenue Dallas, Texas seven five two one seven.
Great. Thank you. And then your date of birth?
Is five twenty-one nineteen ninety-four.
OK. Great. And then may I also have your driver's license number?
Yes. Hang on one second. It's twenty-seven twenty eight four six eight.
Great. All right. Just one moment and let me get your account number pulled up here. All right. So I do have your account number. Are you ready to write it down?
yes. Hang on one second. Lemme grab my pen. I'm ready.
OK. So it's four three two seven nine eight zero three.
OK. So it's four three two seven nine six zero three?
No. No. I'm gonna repeat it back to you four three two seven nine eight zero three.
I'm sorry. OK. So it's four three two seven nine eight zero three.
That's correct.
Thank you. Sorry about that.
No problem. No problem. OK. And so then you also wanted to find out where a branch is near you. so I did get your address earlier. let's see here. Let me do a search based on where you live.
Yes. I want the closest one to me. To my home.
OK. OK. Just a moment.
OK. So I did find a couple branches that there both kind of near you. the first one is five point four miles from your house. and then the second one is six miles in in opposite directions but so I'll give you both of them.
OK. OK. Awesome. Thank you.
No problem. the first one is thirty-two fifty-four Commerce Road Dallas, Texas seven six eight four six.
OK. Lemme make sure I got that right it's three two five four Commerce Road, Dallas, Texas seven six eight four six?
Correct. And then. Yes ma'am. And then the second one is one zero seven Park Place Street Irving, Texas seven six one eight three.
OK. And it's one zero seven Park Place Street Irving, Texas seven six one eight three?
That's correct. That's correct.
Thank you. do you knobye bye. Also, I have a question for you if you don't mind me asking. It's irrelevant to this but do you know of any good restaurants or anything you would recommend in the area? I just moved here from Boston and I have never been to Texas before. So I was wondering if you could recommend a good restaurant around here in the area.
Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. So there's a really good restaurant down on Main Street. It's called Barney's Seafood and Grill.
Oh. Sounds interesting. Is there anything more of a homestyle feel? Texas?
Oh, yeah. So how about a good steak? I mean you really gotta get a good steak since you moved here to Texas. So how about Cowboy Steakhouse?
That sounds perfect.
Yeah. That one I believe is on Stockyards Boulevard. You just put in Cowboy's Steakhouse in in your search and and you'll be able to find
I'm definitely gonna look that one up. It sounds good. I wanted to go to the stockyards anyways.
Yeah. There's a lotta really good shops down there. A lotta fun things to do. So I think you'll really enjoy it.
I have one more question for you. Could you help me with my online banking? How do I sign up for that?
what you would do is just go to our website which is you know WWW Intellibank dot com. and then you're gonna register with your email address. And then you would create a password. And then just log on to your account with that information and you should be able to pull up everything.
I didn't know it was that easy. Thank you.
Yes. No problem. All right. Is there anything else I could do for you today?
No. Thank you so much for all the information.
All right then. so we do wanna say that we appreciate you being a awesome customer of Intellibank and I hope you have a great day.
Thank you so much. You as well.
All right. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alison. How can I help you?
Hi. I'm actually calling because well I just was on another phone call with I guess a colleague of yours and I just kept getting transferred and all I'm wanting to do is check the balance of my account and learn how I can check it online or like if you guys have an app or something. Just I just thought it was simple but I just kept getting transferred.
Oh I do apologize for that. we will be able to help you. So can I please have your first and last name?
Yes. First name Brenda last name Pines.
OK. And your date of birth please?
Date of birth is July eighteen nineteen ninety-six.
OK do you have the authenticating ID number for your account?
yeah is that a four digit code?
well you can give me the the your account number or your credit card number or your driver's license or state-issue ID number. whichever.
Yeah sure. So I've got that four digit code here first. are you ready?
sure.
OK it's six zero one eight.
OK. Six zero one eight.
And I've got I've got my. Let's see. Well Well hold on a second cuz I let me try and find which number I can give you. you said account number right?
Yes.
OK so I've got that.
OK.
Can I. Can I have it, please? I'm ready whenever you are.
Yeah sorry.
You're fine.
eight four seven nine three six.
OK thank you so much. Now just for security purposes I'm gonna ask you your security question what is your mother's maiden name?
You know I actually. I don't think I chose that security question. I'm not sure.
Oh.
you didn't? OK no no problem. I can. I can ask you another one. do you remember the name of your first pet?
Well First pet. My goodness. We had a lot of pets growing up, so it really? You did? Oh my goodness. that's funny. What kind of what kind of pets did you have? Cuz I I mean.
So did I miss.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Goodness. I had ducklings, I had rabbits, I had dogs, cats, a snake.
Oh my goodness.
I'm getting crickets. With the. Yeah.
Oh, really?
Oh that's hilarious well cuz.
Anyway.
Yeah anyway I I just.
you did.
Too?
Yeah I just grew up with so many different pets I I just, I don't know, I thought if you would say something I'd remember, but I mean we grew up with turtles and frogs and all that kind of stuff before we even had dogs, so so Thank you.
That sounds like fun.
Very much fun.
So no problem. You don't remember them your pet's name so what about street where you grew up?
OK. so that I know. It was Price Boulevard.
Street address.
OK and do you remember the number?
the street number?
Yes.
Yeah. Seven two eight.
Perfect. Very good. OK. So what type of bank account do you wanna get information from? Your checking or your.
OK.
Yeah. First let's start with the checking account.
Shbye bye. OK.
OK and I've got the.
So you you have.
Your bank account number? I know you already gave it to me but could you repeat it please?
Yeah.
No yeah so my checking account number is actually different so that one's a a longer number. so that's six two seven five nine. Three eight four
one two.
OK thank you so much. So you said you wanted the the check to check the account balance?
Yeah just to check the account balance for the checking first.
Absolutely. Your checking account has a balance of five thousand two hundred and thirty-nine dollars with thirty-eight cents.
Perfect. OK that's great. And can you go ahead and check the savings for me too?
yeah of course. Give me a second please.
And I've got the number here if that'll make it easier too.
Yeah. That that will be fine.
OK you ready?
Yes. I'm ready.
It.
Is four three three eight six one eight eight four three nine.
Thank you. Perfect. Yeah so your savings account has a balance of eight thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
OK great. And do you have any like instructions as how I can like log in? Cuz I made a login before but
To check your balances on online?
yeah well not to check the balance online. I think I just made I think I made like an account when I made a loan through you guys cuz I've got my car loan with you guys but I guess I need a new login or where do I go? Do I just go to the Intellibank dot com?
Yes.
Yes. That's that's where you start. You go to Intellibank dot com and then you what you do is you just log in if you remember your login and if you don't, if you've just forgotten your email address or your password it will ask you either or and then you click there, you will get if you have a two two step security like it would you will get a text on your phone with a code and then you'd type in that code or you also can choose to get an email.
Perfect.
And then with your email and then you get that, you changed your password you can get in your account that way and you can check your loan and you can also request a loan online and you then you can ask for an agent to contact you as soon as possible. And that that will be it.
Awesome.
OK. Makes so much more sense now cuz I I was going in the wrong spot I think. I actually. I pulled up the website while we were talking and I think I know what I can do from here.
Perfect.
Oh perfect. So do you, do you, and if you have any questions later if you get stuck while you are online you just give us a call and and I. And again I do apologize for the for the issues that you had before.
Yeah no it's fine.
And.
OK. So anyway is there anything that I can help you with today?
no I think we're good. You took care of everything I needed. I appreciate not being transferred again.
OK. So well I'm I'm I'm very glad that I was able to help you and as I said before just call us whenever you you need anything else, and again my name is Alison and if you need anything else have a great day.
Thanks. Perfect Alison. Take care.
OK. Thank you. You too.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank, how may I help you today?
Yeah I need to make a wire transfer. And get rid of my account I'm I'm moving away so I need to wire my transfer to my new bank.
OK.
In Wichita.
OK, yes sir, can I first can I have your first and last name please?
It's Tieson Jones, not Y. Tieson Jones.
OK, thank you very much for that, and can you verify your date of birth?
Date of birth? is three six nineteen seventy-five. forty-six.
OK, thank you for that, and can you verify the the bank card number on your account ?
I can't all the all the, like the credit card numbers?
Yes.
I lost my card somewhere can I give you my regular account number or?
OK sir, if you
I don't have the d~
I don't have the debit card number. Can I give you, like, a different number?
Yeah, if if you don't have that I can verify with the phone number that you have on the account.
Oh a phone number?
Mhm.
OK. three oh one.
Yes?
Eight six seven.
Mhm.
Five three oh six.
Yes sir, thank you very much for that. and I need you to clarify your your security question for the account for to verify your security and identity.
Mm.
Sure.
what's your favorite pet's name?
.
K, thank you very much for that, and account number of the account that you would like to close.
Well, I need to get all my checking and my savings, and get it transferred to the location I'm moving in in Wichita.
OK, yes sir, and I'll be happy to go over that balance with you also, when I pull it up for you.
Which is
Domestic, I'm sorry, that is domestic I'm I'm I'm be in the country.
OK.
OK, thank you sir, for that, because that was my next question, is if you were gonna be domestic or international?
Yeah, I'll be domestic.
OK, and what what'd exactly would be the reason that you're closing the account again?
my work's moving me over to Wichita Kansas so I gotta do what they say, so moving there this month.
Oh, I see.
I see, OK no problem.
And you guys don't have any branches over there so I'm forced to have to get somebody else. So hopefully they'll be good as you guys have been.
No, sir. I'm.
Oh, we appreciate that, sir.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, thank you very much for that.
Now, if you could, could you give me an account number? On the account that's that we're closing?
Oh, the account that we're closing?
Yes.
Oh yes, yes it's four one two eight six seven.
Yes?
Five three one.
Yes? Thank you very much for that. And which account type did you say that you it it that you were gonna use for the deposit? was it checking or savings? or both?
Well, I mean I I gotta delete both of them.
OK, OK thank you very much for that, that was my next question. so we're gonna do checking and savings OK?
Is it gonna be extra to do that?
actually it costs nothing at all. OK, I need on the checking account I need your deposit routing number please.
For the new place?
Yes.
That's gonna be First Fiftieth Bank is the name of it.
OK.
Is that the nine digit account routing? OK. That's three two three.
Yes.
Mhm.
One one two.
Mhm.
Six one one.
OK, thank you very much for that. and
You don't need.
Their address do you?
No sir, no sir. I do not. I have all that.
OK.
Someone.
I got it somewhere. Somewhere in Wichita.
OK, so that they are gonna be the receivers.
Right.
Yeah.
Of the funds, and could you verify the account number on that?
Yeah.
Oh, the account number?
Yes.
One four four one two one six one.
Mhm.
Eight nine nine two zero.
Thank you very much for that, and you also said that you wanted to do the savings account too?
Yeah, I need to yes I need to get all that.
OK if you want to just verify the the routing number on that account please?
Oh the savings, yes yes. That's three seven six one one two two three eight six.
Mhm.
Yes sir, thank you very much for that, and I also would like to have the account number for that savings account please?
that wasn't it?
That was the routing number.
Oh, OK, I'm I'm sorry. That's two two one, I see it, I see it. Four two six one, nine eight two one six.
OK, thank you very much for that, and let's see I will verify the funds of those accounts with you.
Yeah, I'd like to get my balance on both.
OK, for your checking account, you have a balance of three thousand five hundred. and for the and for your savings account you right now you have available balance of four thousand.
That checking don't sound right. But it's hard to tell. Maybe old lady spent some money she shouldn't have.
Well we can we can always go over that information also and have you ever been on online to do online banking? Do you need any help setting anything like that up?
I'm not really
A computer guy. I'm old school.
Oh, OK.
Hey you know if they're having Bridge Day this year?
You know, I'm really not sure,
Cuz that
Cordova virus ain't. Don't wanna do it now.
Yeah, they're have an awful lot of hard times getting everybody together to do anything now with the virus so.
I'd like to bungee jump of that bridge, you know what I'm saying?
Yes, that's very very enjoyable I'll have to go do that myself, watch. with my kids every year.
Step off there, , fly.
Yes sir, OK. And I would like to let you know that this transfer will happen tomorrow at nine a.m. on October the first. and it will also close out so you don't have to worry about checking back or anything else. so
You like? What kind of cheese you like?
I like all types.
I mean that they have at Bridge Day.
They. They have a cheese booth.
Oh, I. I love cheese sir, I do. probably American cheese is my favorite
Mine too.
They got a great aged cheddar but anyways never mind.
I'm a cheddar freak cheese freak.
Yeah well did I did I answer all of your questions today and help you with everything you need help?
Yeah, ma'am. I
Appreciate it. sorry about my rambling. I had a good time talking to you, thank you all for everything that you've done. I'll be moving out of town, miss this place, lived here most of my life. So we'll see what happens in the future. Moving somewhere else.
OK, well, then on behalf of the bank here, Intellibank, I would like to thank you for being a valued customer and we're sorry to lose you lose your business but if you ever come back know that we're here for you. And if there's anything else that I can do for you today sir?
Thank you ma'am that's Tyson Jones.
All right, thank you sir and have a good day.
Thank you.
Pleasure working with you.
Pleasure working with you sir, thank you, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service, this is Steven. How can I help you?
yes I'm looking at my statement, and looks like I've got a charge on my statement that I do not recognize.
Alright I can certainly help you try and get to the bottom of that. Can I have your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas.
T H O M A S and my birth date is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Alright thank you sir and can I get the sixteen digit number that's on your card please.
just one second let me go get it.
OK I've got it. It is two six six nine four zero seven seven three five six five one zero nine three.
Alright thank you sir, and the security question on your account is the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
Alright I've gone ahead and verified that information and got your account pulled up in front of me now which of these transactions was it that you were having an issue with?
Well I'm looking at my Intellibank statement and it is a transaction placed on September the thirtieth twenty twenty-one and it was for forty dollars and nineteen cents. And I don't understand it.
All right sir and just to clarify is that your Intellibank statement.
Yes, what did I say Intellibank?
I believe so sir but that's no problem.
Oh, OK. Thank you.
Alright you said that was on September thirtieth was that correct?
That's correct.
Alright I do see that charge here. It looks like that was placed at an online at Walmart dot com. Does does that sound familiar?
no I haven't haven't placed any orders at Walmart dot com. Now I've been to Walmart several times, but I haven't bought anything online.
All right. Yes, it does look like this would've been their online e-commerce store and not one of their physical locations well I'm I'm sorry for the inconvenience this has caused. Would you like to go ahead and dispute that transaction?
yes I would please.
Alright not a problem I can go ahead and get that escalated onto the investigation team. so that they can look into it further for you. now has anybody else had access to your card or a Walmart dot com account?
no I've got my card in my wallet so I can't think of anybody who's had access to my account.
Alright sir I'll go ahead and note that on this, and get that escalated for you they will reach out to you if they need anymore information or to let you know the result of their investigation, but just so that you are aware it can take up to ninety days for them to complete that. but we will go ahead and issue you a a temporary credit back to your account for the amount of that transaction pending the investigation and I'll go ahead and get a new card sent out to you.
OK what about my subscriptions that I have tied to that card? Will I need to contact them and and get it updated card on file for them also?
yes sir since I am closing our your the card that you had at the time of this transaction. you will need to go ahead and contact those merchants, and let them know what your new card number is if you wish to carry forward those recurring payments.
Alright that sounds great.
Alright is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything you've been having pretty good weather where you're at?
pretty good it's it's been quite sunny and mild so yeah I was able to get out this weekend and spend some time with the family.
Oh, that's great. It's been trying to rain here.
Oh I know that I know that feeling. It's always a bummer when it looks like it's gonna rain, but nothing ever shows up.
Yeah. OK well I do appreciate your time.
Oh, not a problem at all. If there is nothing else that I can do for you today we'll let you go and enjoy your afternoon, and there will be a brief survey that will come up after we've disconnected. Let us know how we did today and how we can help you better in the future.
Alright, well thank you.
Thank you sir. Have a wonderful day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Ashley. May I please get your name?
Gladis C. Jones.
Perfect, and what is your date of birth miss Jones?
October twenty-fourth nineteen fifty-nine.
Thank you, and it looks like we have an authenticating ID on the account?
Yes ma'am it's J two zero zero dash seven nine eight eight dash seven two seven one.
Perfect and it looks like we also have a security question on file?
Yes. It's my pets name Samantha.
Thank you for that. OK. So I went ahead and verified the account, and which account are you calling about today?
I'm calling about my checking account.
OK and do you happen to have your checking account number available?
Yes. I do. It's nine seven two nine six zero zero one seven eight.
OK. Give me a moment while I pull up that information. It looks like this is gonna be your main checking account, is that correct?
Yes ma'am it is.
OK. Perfect so I have all your information pulled up today. and can you go ahead and tell me what I can help you with?
I was just checking because I'm supposed to be getting a refund deposit back to my checking account. And for a purchase I made and I wanted to make sure that it had gotten to the bank case if I needed to use the funds. They said that I would get it probably within two to three days and I was just checking to see if it got there yet.
OK. Not a problem that something I can definitely look into for you. OK did they give you a timeline of when this deposit should take place?
Yes. Two to three days.
And how long ago did they tell you that they were going to start the deposit back?
Well, today would be the third day.
OK. Perfect.
So let me go ahead pull up the account within the last three days let me see if there is any pending deposits on the account. OK. So let's see here. OK. Do you know how much the deposit was?
Yes. It was one hundred twenty-five dollars from Target.
OK. So I do see a target deposit that's pending and it does look like its for that one hundred and twenty-five dollars. OK. So it looks like it's processing still. So it looks like it most likely will be deposited in your account in the next twenty-four hours.
Oh great. That sounds great Thank you.
No problem, and did you want to go ahead and have me tell you your current balance?
Yes. That'd be great.
OK. So as of today the balance on the account is five seventy-five twenty-five.
OK great. That includes the pending one that's is it already automatically added to it?
No that's not going to include the pending deposit as it has not cleared yet. So that five hundred and five dollars and five cents is your current balance as of today that's what you can withdraw from the bank today at the ATM or in the branch.
Oh great. Thank you I appreciate it.
Not a problem and was there any other account balance you would like me to check today?
No but I'd like to find out. I got a mailer in the Mail For a credit card that you're offering can you give me any information on that?
OK. So yes, we have a couple of offers Did it give you any specific card information or did it just was it a generalized mailer telling of some of the credit cards we offer?
Just telling me of these credit cards that you offer. I was just curious as to what the difference is between the two different offers for the credit card
From the bank from your bank Intellbye bye.
OK. Intellibank
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, not a problem. So it looks like we offer three current cards that you would be Qualified for. We have the gold The platinum and the silver cards and they all have different benefits, It's just what would suit your needs better. and what I could do to make it easier for you, is I can go ahead and take down your email address and send you over a direct link to our website that way you can go ahead and compare all three of the cards to see what would fit your needs and then you can go ahead and make a decision from there. Does that sound something like you would want to do?
Sure. That sounds really great.
OK. So let me go ahead I have an email address on file, but let me go ahead and just confirm with you the email address to make sure I send it to the right place.
OK it's R X G P T M Y M two S R at Temporary it's T E M P O R A R Y dash mail dot net.
OK. Perfect, it looks like that is the email address we have on file So give me a few moments here I'll go ahead and draft that email to send right over to you so then you can go ahead and see what offerings we have on those credit cards. So just one moment please OK?
Oh. OK great. Thank you.
Not a problem.
So Ashley, How's your day going? While we're waiting for you to do that.
Oh today has been great so far. Not to many customer calls, it's kind of been dead. So today has been good. How's your day going so far?
Oh it's pretty good. You've got such a sweet voice. You're so uplifting.
well thank you for that miss Jones.
OK. So it looks like I went ahead and drafted the email I sent that over to you. Do you want to go ahead and check your email to make sure you received the email?
Oh I wasn't expecting to do that Give me just a moment please while I Load up my computer. It takes a couple minutes cause it's not brand new.
OK. That's not a problem I'll go ahead and wait for you.
So
All right. It's almost there. Give it a couple more seconds and then I can go right to my email.
All right. No problem.
And while we're waiting was there any other information you would like to check regarding the balances on your accounts?
No. Because we've already discussed that. We did the checking account already so we're good with that.
OK let me go to the email Oh great. I got the email and I will check it out and see what you offer to apply for it.
All right. I. I really appreciate it. Thank you, Ashley.
My pleasure. So since there isn't anything else I can help you with today If you would like to take a survey at the end of this call there will be a pop up for that you can go ahead and do so. If not I just want to say thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a wonderful day miss Jones.
OK I'll do that survey I really appreciated talking to you. Thank you so much.
Thank you. Have a good day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Hello. This is Donot from Intellibank. Please who am I speaking with?
Hello. This is Kate Remont. Am I speaking with one of the agents from Intellibank?
Yes. This is Donot. So how is your day ma'am?
It was fine and yours?
It was cool. How is everything ma'am?
.
How is weather over there?
Oh, we thank God it was cool.
I hope you are doing very good ma'am.
Very much OK.
OK. How can I help you ma'am?
Yes I I have a disputes transaction.
Disputes transactions?
Yes.
what is your first name ma'am?
My first name is Kates.
Kate. Kate. Your last name?
Remont.
OK. Your last name is Remont?
OK.
Your last name is Remont?
Yes.
OK. Can you give me your credit card number? Hello ma'am? Are you there? Hello.
I'm here. I'm here. I'm hearing you.
OK.
You need my credit card number? Five three.
Five three.
Six three.
Hold on ma'am. Let me jot it down somewhere. Sorry . You can come again ma'am.
Five three.
Five three.
Six three.
Six three.
Eight one.
Eight one.
One five.
One five.
Five five.
Five five.
Nine seven.
Nine seven.
Two five.
Two five.
Six one.
Six one. Hold on ma'am thirty seconds. Just give me seconds ma'am.
OK I'm with you.
I'm still with you ma'am. Just hold on for a seconds. Sorry for inconvenience. OK you said your credit card number is five three six three eight one one five five five nine seven two five six one. Is that it?
Yes, that's it.
OK. Can you kindly give me the CVV of the credit card?
OK the CVV one zero seven.
One zero seven.
Yeah, one zero seven.
Expiring date.
The expiring date will be one twenty twenty-five.
You mean zero one twenty twenty-five?
Yes.
That's good ma'am. That is January twenty twenty-five?
You got it.
Madame can you please tell me your the street that you grew up.
OK. Three five.
Three five.
Three two.
Three two.
Clover Drive.
Clover Drive. OK. Three five three two Clover Drive, right?
Yes.
How many dollar do you have in your account? Hello ma'am? Are you with me? How many dollars do you have in your account?
OK, in my accounts.
Yes.
Ten thousand dollars.
Ten thousand dollar?
Oh, that'll be ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
Ten thousand eight hundred dollars?
Yeah I remember now. Ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
OK good. Can you please give me the date of transactions of the dispute? Hello madame are you there? Can you give me the date of the transactions?
Of the disputes?
Yes.
Oh. That was fourteen nine.
Fourteen nine.
Yes.
OK you mean fourteen September twenty twenty-one?
Yes.
Good. Good. Good. What are the reason for the dispute?
I I purchased some goods. I purchased some goods so that's the reason for the dispute.
Your purchase of goods?
Yes.
Do you mean that the goods is not delivered?
The goods was not delivered up to now.
OK. Madame does anyone else have outside access to this account that could have made the transactions? Do you have anybody else that had the access to the account?
Of course not. It's a account so I'm the only one using the account.
Asking the transaction do you have any regular subscription on the accounts?
Of course not. I don't have any regular subscription on the account God I don't have any regular subscription for you.
Have you contacted the business that made the transactions?
the business that made the transaction, no I've not contacted them.
OK madame this is what we need to do. We try to investigate this issues but first thing we need to lock the card to protect against any further fraudulent transaction. Do you understand my points now? First I first need to lock the card to protect any further fraudulent transaction. Do you understand? I will try to investigate your matter. It will take us like two weeks, two weeks before we can get back to you for the issue. Do you understand? Please before you go can you give me your mobile number mobile number so that I can get back to you.
OK. Seven one nine two eight one nine six eight two.
OK seven one two eight one seven one nine two eight one nine six eight two.
Yeah.
Is there anything else you want us to do for you ma'am?
I think that will be all for now. I'm happy now.
Thank you very much. Thank you for banking with us.
You're welcome.
Hello, good morning.
Good morning, I'm Agnes. Thank you for calling Intellibank. Your name, please?
Yeah, my name is Rosaline.
Rosaline OK. What can I do for you today?
OK, so I'm calling as regarding a dispute on my account. On my credit card, sorry. So I'm hoping you can help me with that.
OK, let me pull up your account so I can check those charges. May I have your credit card number please?
Of course, of course, just give me a moment please.
OK. You can take your time.
OK, so I think it have it now.
OK.
So can I call it out now?
Definitely, now.
OK so Two one one.
Two one one.
Six three nine.
Six three nine.
Two eight five.
Two eight five.
Four one two.
Four one two.
Three five six.
Three five six.
Yes.
OK, please. Three five six zero. Zero, yes. Sorry, yes I missed that.
Thirty-five six.
OK.
Two one.
Yes, ma'am.
One six.
Yes, ma'am.
Three nine.
Yes, ma'am.
Two eight.
Yes, ma'am.
Five four.
Yes, ma'am.
One two.
Three five, six zero. OK, before we proceed, I need to verify some information for the security of your account.
Yeah, that's it.
OK, but. OK, OK, please go ahead.
OK, what's your full name, ma'am?
My full name is Rosaline Thompson.
Rosaline Thompson.
Yes.
Your date of birth?
That's September seventeen, nineteen eighty-seven.
September seventeen, nineteen eighty-seven. OK. For your security question, what is the name of your first pet?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, like. My first pet?
Yes.
Oh, OK, OK, OK, OK. OK, that's White.
White?
Yes.
OK, that's good. Thank you for verifying your information. Do you have a statement for your credit account? For your credit card, rather, ma'am.
OK, yes, I do. Yes, I have. I think I have it with me here.
OK. Which charges are you referring to?
Yes, give me a moment.
OK.
OK, so I'm trying to realize the charges online. The last charges.
OK. May I have the dates and the amounts, please?
OK, the first one was on the third of March. And the amount was one fifty dollars. Sorry, one thirty dollars. One thirty dollars. Yes. And the second was on the third of April. With sixty-seven dollars.
OK.
OK.
OK.
I think those are the charges. Tho. Those two charges are. That's what I'm referring to.
OK. Do you have any recurring payments charged on your. On your credit card?
No, no, no, I do not have any.
OK, I see. Have you tried calling the merchants to check those charges?
OK, I think what I have is just my internet and home phones. Those are the subscriptions I have. I don't know. Anyways, I've called them anyways. I've called them both. None has been picking.
OK, I can see. I can see that there is a phone number showing on your statement. That's why I .
Oh no no. I have. I've called them. I've tried calling several times but no one is picking.
OK, we are. We. We are going to have our own investigation on those charges.
Oh, OK, OK. That's good. well I appreciate that. How long is that gonna take?
I necessarily can't provide a specific time. But in the meantime, we will freeze those charges.
Oh, OK, OK. That's good. OK, that's good. Thank you. Thank you. That's a very good one.
OK, ma'am. I want to. I want to advise you before we bring this conversation to an end. Maybe you should always keep your credit card to yourself. You don't. You don't have to share it with outside all your people. It should be a private property. You don't have to give it out. Because those with the with the with the credit card numbers. They could Transactions. Transactions can be. Can be carried out without your consent.
OK, yeah, I'm aware of that. I don't just . Anyways, I'm very careful with my credit card. And as you said, I would. I would be cautious.
OK. I would like to know if there are. There are other things you would like to check on the account.
OK. Another, please. Can you help me pull up my account? I want to check for my balance.
OK, ma'am. Hold on. OK. From from what I have here, your account balance is three hundred and fifty-five dollars ma'am.
Oh, OK, OK. Yeah, you're right. That's good. That. That's it. Thank you so much, madam. That's very good. That's a very much information. Thank you. And as you said as regarding credit card, I will be much more careful. Thank you so much.
OK, one second. Thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a nice day, and enjoy the rest of your day, ma'am.
OK, ma'am and you, too. Just please ma'am. Just please, please, please, please. I'm sorry to cut you. Can I have a moment?
You are free ma'am, sure.
OK.
OK, so please. You said the current balance. My my balance now is three three thousand.
Did you say three hundred or three hundred? OK, Three hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Three hundred and seventy-five dollars, ma'am.
Yes.
Oh, OK. OK. OK. OK, OK, yeah. It's all right. It's all right. sorry about that. I'm gonna confirm again. Thee hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Yes, you're right, ma'am.
OK, that's good.
Do you have anything you'd like to know? Are you sure? OK, ma'am. Thanks for calling Intellibank. Enjoy the rest of your time. Enjoy the. Enjoy the rest of your day, ma'am.
No, no, no, no. That's it for now.
Yes, I'm very sure.
Thank you so much. Thanks for all the time.
Yes. You, too.
Good day, sir. Thank you for calling Intellibank today. How may I help you today, sir?
Hello. I'm Kinsley.
OK.
I lost my card.
OK. I'm really sorry about that, sir Very sorry about that, sir.
Thanks.
sorry, sir. When last where was the card sent?
I'd I ordered for pizza.
OK.
That was the last time I used the card.
OK. OK. I'm really sorry about your card, sir.
And and what type of card was it, sir?
It was a silver card.
OK. OK. OK. All right. All right.
Hold on a minute, sir.
Are you with me, sir?
Yeah. I'm with you.
sir, I would need to collect some personal information, sir. I hope you don't mind, sir.
I don't mind.
OK, sir. So you have any means of identification, sir?
Yeah. I have my social security number.
OK. That's that's amazing. So can I have the last four digits of that number, sir?
OK.
Five three two six.
OK.
OK.
OK, sir. You said five three two six, sir.
Yes.
OK.
OK, sir. Thank you very much. Just hold a minute while I check our database.
Are you still with me, Mister Kelvin?
Yeah. I'm with you.
OK. sir, can I have your first name, sir?
Kelvin Kent.
OK and your last name, sir?
Kent.
OK so Kelvin for first name Kent for last name.
Yeah.
OK, sir. Thank you very much, sir.
Hold on a minute.
Sir, are you with me, sir?
Yes.
sir, can I have your date of birth?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Actually, it's third of April.
OK.
Nineteen eighty-five.
OK. Third of April nine eighty-five. OK.
Third. You said third of April nineteen eighty-five, sir? All right, sir. Hold on, sir.
Yeah. Yeah.
OK, sir. sir, can I have the credit card number, sir?
OK.
Yes, sir.
Oh and just hold on a meanwhile while I check for my credit I'll check of the detail.
Oh OK.
OK. OK. Are you with me, sir?
Yes, I am.
OK. Three three.
OK.
Three six.
OK.
Four two.
OK.
Seven eight.
OK.
Seven eight. Again four one.
OK.
OK.
Four four nine.
OK. can you come again, sir, and call the number again. Slowly this time, sir.
OK. OK.
Three three.
OK.
Three six.
OK.
Four two.
OK.
Seven eight.
Yeah.
Seven eight.
OK.
Four one.
OK.
Four four nine.
OK.
So the last four digits, sir, one four four nine, sir?
Yes.
All right, sir.
Just hold on a minute, sir.
OK.
OK, sir. Sir, can I get the date the card was lost, sir?
it was thirteenth of May.
OK.
The thirteenth of May if I'm not mistaken. This year.
all right all right.
All right. Just hold on a minute, sir while I check computer.
OK.
Are you still with me, sir?
Yeah. I am.
OK, sir.
Sir, do you have any security questions, sir?
Yes. Name of pet.
OK.
OK. Name of your pet. OK and what's your answer for that, sir?
Coco.
OK.
Coco. OK. Sir is that a dog or a cat, sir?
Yeah. I love cats.
OK. OK.
I bought a cat so I'm allergic to dogs.
Oh, wow.
Very black and beautiful like cute cat.
Oh OK. Wow.
Well that's nice and and how do you feed your cat, sir?
Oh, I feed my cat three times everyday. Just the way I eat.
OK.
OK. So it like you eat. You cook it for yourself and then you cook for your cat. Wow, that's amazing. The cat has to be your best friend, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah yeah.
Actually, my buddy.
Oh OK. All right.
Thank you, sir. Sir, hold on a minute, sir.
Hello, sir. Are you still with me, sir?
Yeah.
Sir, just hold on while I while I work on your request, Sir.
OK.
Hello, sir?
Yeah.
Yes so I can confirm to you that I have canceled your previous card.
Oh, that's nice.
OK, sir, and I would like to issue you a new one. I don't know is there any thing you like me to do while issuing the card the kind of card you want. You still want the silver card or you want the platinum card?
Yeah, silver is it.
No, I want a sliver card.
OK. The silver card it is, sir.
Just hold on while I work on it.
Yes, sir. Mister Kelvin are you still there?
Yeah. I am.
OK so I can confirm to you now that I have issued you a new card.
OK.
Yeah and it will be ready in five days time.
OK.
OK.
Sir, can you confirm an address for card delivery, sir?
OK. OK. It will be number house forty-four street.
OK. All right. All right.
What state, sir?
Dallas.
OK. All right. All right. All right. No problem, sir. OK. I have.
I can confirm that I have added the address for the delivery we will put a call to you when it's it's time for card delivery, sir. So as to confirm your availability, sir. All All right, sir. So is there any other thing I can do for you today, sir?
All right. All right.
OK, thanks.
No, thanks. I anticipate your call.
All right. All right. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you for calling into Intellibank today. Have a great day, sir.
You too.
All right. Thank you very much, sir.
Yeah.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lily how can I help you today?
yes hi. I just got a notice in the mail. I'm just checking to see what it's about.
Alright can I get a little bit of information from you to just for security purposes?
Yes.
I can I have your first and last name please?
Yes. My name is Marian Porter.
Marian Porter. Alright Mr. Porter can I have your date of birth?
Yes. It's twelve twenty-four nineteen seventy.
OK. That is twelve twenty-four nineteen seventy.
Yes.
can I have your driver's license number please?
Yes. Just a minute please.
Right, take your time.
.
OK. It's six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Alright, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes.
OK, so I have a security question here for you can I have the last four digits of your social?
Yes, it's seven zero three nine
OK seven zero three nine all right Mr. Porter. I will help you by checking your balance on your account. Can I have the type of account you were asking about?
OK Checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero one zero.
Alright that was your checking account?
Yes ma'am.
And the number was five one four three three six seven zero one zero.
Yes ma'am.
Alright could you give me a moment while I check look up your account.
Yes ma'am. So how's the weather down there?
Oh oh well it's been actually pretty cold down here, how's it up there?
Well, it's kinda hot and everything you know. Temp taking it one day at a time.
Oh yeah that's all we can expect now a days.
Aww yeah.
OK Mr. Porter your balance is currently four hundred and thirty-seven dollars and sixty-nine cents. it looks like there was a transaction going through and it actually worked itself out. There's no current issue with your account. So as far as that notice goes there's nothing going on with your account at this time. is there anything else I could help you with?
Yes, and by the way can I transfer money from my checking to my savings if that's possible?
Oh, yes so you wanna transfer something from your checking to your savings? how much would you like to transfer?
I'll just transfer two hundred forty from my checking to my savings.
All right you would like to transfer two forty from your checkings to your savings? What's your what is your savings account number?
Yes, ma'am.
My savings account number is I've got it right here somewhere I got it five eight six zero nine five one four four one.
All right that number was five eight six zero nine five one four four one.
Yes.
Alright let me go ahead and take care of that transfer for you. Be just a moment.
Thank you.
Alright Mr. Porter I have transferred that two forty from your checkings to your savings. Will that be all for you today?
Yes ma'am. That's about it.
Alright thank you Mr. Porter for your time and patience. Again, my name is Lily enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. You have a nice day too.
Thank you.
Bye.
Hello, this is Brooke from Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi, this is John Smith. I'm calling to check on my bank account. my balance in my checking account.
OK. before we start, can you please sir, one more time, spell your first and last name please.
John. J O H N. Last name is Smith. S M I T H.
Thank you. How are you today, sir?
Well, I'm doing well. How are you doing today?
Oh, good. Our system is running a little a little slow. I'm sorry about that. OK, before we continue, I need to verify your date of birth, please.
It's July seventh, nineteen eighty-one.
Thank you.
OK. And I need to ask you a few more security question in order to continue. what is your mother's maiden name, sir?
OK.
It is Jones.
Could you please spell that for me?
J O N E S.
Thank you. All right. And you said that you would like to check your balance on your checking account, is that correct?
That is correct.
OK. Could you please verify the last four digits of your checking account, please.
The last four digits of my checking account are two three one one.
Thank you.
Where are you located?
I'm located in Chicago.
Oh, how's the weather out there today?
It's a Chicago weather.
Is it really cold, then? I heard it's really cold there in the winter. And windy, and freezing. Is it. Is it really cold there?
It is cold, sir. It's It is cold and rainy and it's a Chicago weather, but I still. I still like it.
Sounds miserable.
Well maybe one day I will move in to the beach. But for right now, I'm in Chicago.
all right.
OK. I was just able to open the checking account. Would you like me to tell your balance, sir?
yes, please.
It is seven hundred and thirty-one dollars and forty-three cents.
OK.
is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. Would you like to check another checking account with us?
My savings account.
Would you like? OK. Can you please give me your last four digits of your saving account, please?
Six one one zero.
OK. The balance from today is two thousand four hundred and nineteen dollars.
OK.
can I. Can I help you with anything else? Were you having troubles checking your account online?
Yeah my internet connection went down.
OK. Is this the only problem you've had not being able to log in to your account?
Yeah, usually it's. Usually I can log in. But I think something happened to the internet today.
OK, so in the future you will be able to do that by yourself on your online account, sir?
Yep.
OK. well it was very pleasant to talk to you today. is there anything else I can do for you before we end this conversation?
No.
OK, thank you for using Intellibank, and you have a great day, sir.
All right, thank you very much. Bye.
Bye bye.
Hello Intellibank. This is Ken.
Can I help you?
Yes. I was calling to see if you could help me. I have not gotten my bank statement this month and I know I usually get it by this time.
OK and what is your name?
my name is Sally Rogers.
R O G E R S.
OK, Sally and what is your date of birth?
date of birth. eleven four of eighty-four.
OK.
Do you know your account number?
Well, this I do. Yes this is like it's on my checks. Let me get it.
OK. It is five four six three eight zero zero.
OK. Let me put that in.
OK. So you actually have a security question on your account and the question is what is your mother's maiden name.
Philips.
OK, that's correct.
And did you said that you're you're you didn't get your bank statement?
No! I haven't gotten my bank statement this month and I know I get it usually by this time of the month.
OK.
Well, what is your your address right now?
good question. So we just moved recently so do you know they were charging. They were charging. Well, I already know our rent was expensive. Do you know they were gonna raise our rent two hundred dollars a month?
Ma'am, I heard people doing that before. That is a big chunk though.
Well, we've got another place and we were able to get actually fifty dollars less than what we were paying before but it's on the opposite side of town. But it's OK. The only bad thing is I had to change my kids' schools and I don't like doing that so now they're in that one on the east side of town instead the west side of town. But you know it's OK. You gotta do what you gotta do.
That's right. OK so so what was your address?
Yes, it was four two six Rock Road.
OK and that is the one that we have and what is your new address?
OK, the new address is four thirteen Parker Avenue.
OK. So you give me a second I'll update your your information.
OK. I got that I got that updated. Now, I I want to tell you about your statement.
mhm
since a since you haven't received it, I am sure that the post office will be returning it to us and soon as they return it to us I will turn around. Put it back into another envelope and I will send it to your new address. So probably expecting it probably five to six business days. I'm guessing.
OK. Is there any way I could see my account information before before I get it in the mail?
Yes. We actually have a banking on the net so what you what you can do is first you need to actually have a regular computer.
Oh, we don't have a computer at home.
Can I use the one at the library. That's what we use all the time if we need to use the computer. Can I use that one?
Yes, you can. Now, what you have to do is you can you go in to Intellibank and you know how it's spelled. I N T E L L I B A N K. A lot of times people leave out that I and they can't get in.
But so you have to spell Intellibank dot com and then once you get into there add the very top over at the right hand side, there is a little button there that says online banking.
You click that.
It's gonna ask you some question and it's gonna make you create a password and it's gonna make you create a another word just for security and and then you'll be able to look at it and then once that is done if you have an iPhone then if you'll go and download that app that says Intellibank when you go into your app store then you'll actually be able to see it on your phone. But you have to do it on a regular computer first.
OK but we don't have any smartphones in our house. We cannot afford something like that. But I wanna know another question. I wanna know I mean is this safe if I use a public computer and put my banking stuff in there. Is it safe? And will I be able to see all the accounts that we have because we've got. We've got a savings account and a checking account. Will I be able to see them both? or do I need to get like two different, you know, accounts set up?
No, you'll be able to see everything on your banking on the net both accounts. Now, now it is safe but the important thing is if you're gonna do a public computer is make sure that you log out after you're done it's a button over on the top over on the right-hand side that says log out. Make sure you hit that before you get up and walk off.
OK I can remember that and if I have trouble I'm sure somebody there in the library can help me.
Yeah. Is there anything else I can do for you, Sally?
I don't think so.
OK. Well, if you need anything else just give us a call.
All right. Thank you.
Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Izumi. Who am I speaking with today?
Hey, Izumi. My names Edward Elric. just calling in cuz I have a big problem today. I was at the I was at a couple of stores with my wife buying supplies for a house and I think I lost my card. I can't remember when I lost it since we were at one of the stores. My wife actually used one of her cards to get the store points that they offer. don't know if it was before then or after. I think it was after because we went to go eat somewhere there. just calling in to get some help.
Oh, no. I'm so sorry to hear that Mr. Elric. I know that it's difficult when you lose your your bank card. but yeah. Please rest assured, I will do everything I can to make sure that your account is secure and then we'll get you a new card as well as soon as possible, OK?
Oh, sweet. Never lost my card before. Kind of worried. So not sure what I have to do. Is there anything that I need to give you first so I can get my card?
Yes, Mr. Elric. So first of all, I'll just need to ask for your personal information so that I can pull up your account . can I get your account number, please?
Yeah. It is one zero zero, one seven zero and the last four of my social are fifty-two fourteen in case you need that.
yes. Thank you for that information. And then, I just wanna make sure that I have that account number correct. So I have one zero zero, one seven zero. And then, the last four of the social were five two one four.
Yeah. That's right.
Perfect. And then, can I also verify your date of birth, please?
Yeah. It is October fourth, nineteen ninety.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much. Let me just pull up your account. Give me one moment.
Oh, OK.
All right. Just one second.
Yeah. I really hope get help to find my card. We are renovating our house at the moment right now. Started redoing our walls not too long ago. It's a bunch of wallpaper, so we just need help finishing removing it. And then, my wife is gonna head off to the store to get some paint to start that project.
Oh, that's awesome. Do you guys have like a color scheme or color palette that you're working with?
yeah. My wife's all into that stuff. Her name's Winry. She's on the joint account with me.
Oh, yeah. My too. I see that here. That is such a pretty name.
Yeah. Yeah. I love it too. She's actually a little bit taller than me. Everyone jokes around with me. It's kind of embarrassing cuz then milk. I hate that stuff.
Yeah. It's it's not for everyone. So I'm not a huge fan, but my husband loves it. He always has his bread and milk like almost every day.
Taller than you, I'm assuming?
yeah, he's taller than me. he wishes he was taller though. And like, he loves to play basketball. He wants to be a basketball star, so yeah. But anyways, so I got your account pulled up. and then I do have to ask you your security question. this one is what is the first name of your youngest sibling?
It's it's Alphonse.
OK, perfect. That's what I have as well. All right. And then, We'll also need your credit card number. Do you have that information with you?
Yeah. I have all my card numbers on my phone here. Just gimme a second.
OK, yeah. No worries. Take your time.
Yeah. here it is. OK, so it's fifty-five sixty-five twelve thirty-four, thirty-three sixty-three, forty-seven, eighty-nine.
OK. Perfect. And I just wanna make sure that I have that correctly. So that number was fifty-five sixty-five twelve thirty-four thirty-three sixty-three forty-seven eighty-nine?
Yeah, that's right.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much. And then, when was it that you lost your card?
I think it was last Tuesday.
OK, so that was on So Tuesday, the twenty-first of this week?
Yes.
OK. Perfect. And then, do you remember like what was the last store that you used your card?
I think. Yeah. Went to some deli in Anaheim. I think it was like for thirty bucks. And then the last thing we did that day That was the last thing we did cuz then we went out shopping.
OK. yeah. Let me take a look at your transaction list. Gimme one second. OK. Perfect, yes. So I do see that and it was was it Ernie's Deli in Anaheim, California?
Yeah, yeah. That's the place.
OK.
Perfect. And then, so it looks like the amount was for thirty-two fifty two thirty-two dollars and fifty-two cents. Does that sound about right?
Mhm, yeah.
OK. Perfect, perfect. So yeah. It does look that was like that was the last transaction that was posted on your account. So there was nothing else that went through after that. And then, it doesn't look like anything that's pending as well. so, it doesn't seem like anyone else has used your card I do have to go ahead and get that canceled for you, so if anyone were to find it they wouldn't be able to use it. And then, we'll issue you a new card. I do wanna confirm that we have the correct address on file. What is your current address?
Yeah. It's twelve twenty South Street Anaheim in California. And the zipcode is nine two eight zero four.
Perfect. Thank you so much. So, yeah. That is the address that we have on file I have sent a request to have a new card issued and mailed to you to that address. we can also expedite the card if you want to. There is a fee to be able to receive it in the next three business days. do you wanna do that?
no. I don't need to get it expedited. I have a platinum card that I'm using for the mean for for the time being.
OK. Perfect, yeah. We just want to let our own customers know that that is an option. so your card will arrive in the next about seven to ten business days in a blank envelope. once you do receive the card, there is a sticker on the front and then there's a number on there that you'll wanna call to get that card activated.
OK, awesome. Sweet. I'll keep an eye out for it.
OK, perfect. All right. And again, I'm so sorry that you had to go through this experience. I do appreciate your patience while I gotten that taken care of for you. was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no. That was it. I really appreciate it.
Oh, my pleasure. Well, I do hope you have a great rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intel Bank. This is Joe. Can I get your first and last name, please?
My name is Stephanie Garcia.
Thank you, Miss Garcia. How can I help you today?
Hi, yeah, I was calling to just check my account balance and make sure that it's the correct amount that I have here.
OK. Perf.
On my statements.
OK. Perfect. Well, I can certainly help you with that information. If I can just ask you some verification questions, before I can proceed?
Yes.
Perfect. First one is, what is your date of birth?
It's May twenty-first, ninety-four.
Thank you. And then, also, can I get your either your credit card number or account number, if you have it off hand?
I can go get my credit card. Hang on.
OK.
my credit card number is four seven nine zero six nine six two five four four zero seven one one two.
Excellent, excellent. Let me get that information. And then the last security question is What is the name of your first pet?
Spotty.
Spotty, OK. Sounds good. And I'm looking at the balances. Which account would you like me to give the balance of to you?
let's go ahead and just start with my checking account. And then if you don't mind, possibly savings.
OK. Let me get that information looked up for you. While I'm getting taking care of this for you, how has your day been today?
My day's going pretty good. I cannot complain. Everything is great over here.
Excellent. any plans for the weekend?
just watch the football game. possibly decorate the house. It's like a Yeah, it's a couple things to do.
Oh.
Man.
You have a quite a bit of tasks that you're doing. what's your favorite what type of football? NFL , college, what's your preference?
I like to watch college football, preferably.
Yeah? What's your team?
Notre Dame.
Oh, you like the Fighting Irish? OK, that's. That's great.
Yeah.
They're undefeated right now. Number nine, I believe in the country. That's. That's a pretty good team. Actually, my team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Oh, you like NFL?
Yeah, I'm an NFL person.
Aww, that's awesome. Yeah, I. I'm not really into NFL. I prefer college football.
Yeah. If I had a preference I'd probably select college. It's just. You know, Cowboys have always been my team. Ever since I was a kid. I like the. The star in their helmet.
that's awesome.
Yeah. let me see. Perfect. So we got the first balance is your checking. Which is nine thousand eight hundred dollars. for savings, you have five dollars currently in there.
What. What did you.
I cannot believe that I have. OK. I. Yeah. I definitely gotta transfer a little bit more into my savings.
Yeah, I could totally help you with that. Would you like me to transfer any a certain amount to get that balance up?
Yeah let's just go ahead and transfer over, let's say, four thousand dollars, just so we can kinda have a good safety cushion in the savings account. So can you help me with that?
OK.
Yeah, I can certainly do the transfer of four thousand from checking to savings. I also see here you have a additional savings account as well, that has eight thousand dollars in it.
let's just go ahead and focus on the lower one. So that way, yeah.
The lower one. OK.
OK. One hundred percent. Let me get that transfer here. So I'm doing four thousand from checking to your savings account that has five dollars in it currently.
We'll bring that.
OK.
OK. It should reflect instantly. So that is taken care of now.
Oh I'm sorry, did I say four thousand? I actually only wanted two thousand. Is there any way that you can transfer two thousand back?
yeah, of course I can. They actually changed the regulation. from savings to checking. Before, there used to be a limit of six. Six per month. But currently Congress did pass a law that made it unlimited. So I can totally do that for you.
OK, awesome. Yeah. Yeah, let's just go ahead and transfer the two thousand back and we'll leave the savings account as two thousand.
OK.
Perfect, I'm transferring back now. Excellent. So currently in your checking account, you have seven thousand five hundred dollars. Oh, seven thousand eight hundred dollars, I'm sorry. And then in your savings your original savings, you have two thousand and five dollars in there.
OK.
And then in the other one, you have eight thousand dollars.
OK, that's fine. Yeah.
OK. Is there anything else I may help you with today, Miss Garcia?
That is all, thank you for your help.
Perfect. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank. And thank you for your service. And enjoy the rest of your day. And enjoy, hopefully the Notre Dame Fighting Irish do very well this year.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer care. My name is Christopher. How can I help you today?
yes. My name is Dan Ryland, R Y L A N D. And I need to transfer some money between my checking account to my savings account.
Absolutely, Mr. Ryland. I can definitely help you with that request. Can I have you verify the date of birth for me, please.
January twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-one.
All right and the last four of your social Social Security number?
One eight zero six.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Ryland, and then to just verify the security on your account. If you could answer this question for me, what was the name of your third grade school teacher?
well I don't remember. Huh. I don't know.
All right, Mr. Ryland. well unfortunately, without being able to verify that question, I cannot access your account today. you can log on to the online banking to reset your security questions, or visit any of our branches in person to get that taken care of. But, unfortunately, I cannot do that over the phone.
OK. can you tell me the closest ATM to my address?
I certainly can do that, Mr. Ryland. if you would please provide me with your address that you're inquiring about.
Forty-two West Windfall Street. San Angelo Texas. Seven six nine oh one.
All right, I've got that pulled up. It looks like there is actually an ATM inside of a branch about two miles down the road from you. Would you like the address for that branch?
yes.
Absolutely, the address is gonna be Thirty-five East Independence Avenue. San Angelo Texas.
OK. So, if I go to the branch, maybe they can reset my security question for me maybe if I bring some ID?
They can, yes, Mr. Preston. Mr. Ryland. They will be able to verify your ID in person. And we'll be able to get your security question reset. For if you need to call and access any of your information with our customer support team in the future.
All right, that sounds great.
All right. Is there anything else I can do for your today, Mr. Ryland?
I think that'll be it.
All right. Well if you would just please hang on the line, there will be a brief survey you can fill out to let us know how your experience with us today was. And if there's nothing else I can help you with, you have a wonderful rest of your evening.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, have a good night.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. My name is Steven. How can I assist you?
yes I'm gonna need some new tires on my car and and and checking to see where I can get the money. I have a savings account and I have a checking account and I think I need to transfer some money out of my savings to my checking to be able to buy the tires. I'm not sure.
All right, sir. I can certainly assist you with that. May I have your first and last name, please.
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
And your date of birth?
May twelfth, nineteen sixty.
And the last four of your social security number.
Eight zero one one. on second thought, just let me check the balance of my checking account. I may have enough money in there to buy those tires.
Certainly, Mr. Thomas. if you'll just go ahead and verify your identity by answering this security question. what street did you grow up on?
Magnolia Street.
Excellent. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I've got that verified. And just to confirm, you've decided you just wanted to check the balance of your checking account?
Yes.
All right, let me pull that up. OK, I see here that your checking account has a balance available right now of three hundred and ninety-six dollars and two cents.
OK. That sounds great. The tires I'm looking for cost about two hundred and fifty dollars so I believe I've got enough money in my checking account to do that with.
All right, perfect. is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you set up online banking for me?
I certainly can, Mr. Thomas. So let me switch to that screen. while that loads, can I have you verify your email address?
My email address is D Thomas at A B C dot com.
All right, thank you. And is that the email address that you would like us to send any communication about your online banking to?
yes.
All right, I'll go ahead and get that attached. And just gonna generate a username and password for you, so whenever you're ready please just let me know.
OK, I'm ready.
All right, your username will be D Thomas. That's D T H O M A S and then the numbers zero zero three.
OK.
All right, and them your temporary password will be E six L W seven three, and those are all capital letters.
OK, I've got it.
All right, and so all you're gonna need to do is go to the Intellibank dot com home page and in the top right-hand corner of your browser, there will be a location for you to log in. And on your first login, it will prompt you to create your own unique password and you will be all set. It will guide you to the rest.
OK, that sounds great. Has the weather been doing pretty good where you're at?
The weather's actually been very nice here lately. it's the perfect fall weather, not too hot, not too cold, but sunny.
All right, that sounds great.
Oh, yes. All right, Mr. Thomas. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't believe so.
Wonderful. Well, if you will just hang on the line for me after we disconnect, there is a brief survey that you can fill out. Let us know how we did today and how we can better service your banking needs in the future.
OK, that sounds great.
All right. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services, and again my name is Steven. And if there's nothing else I can assist with, I'll let you have a wonderful rest of your afternoon.
All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Thank you.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose. I'm calling. My name is Kim and I'm calling about my account. I had set up to have my bank statements sent to me via email and it's been almost I think two months and I haven't received a statement. So I just was wondering if you could help me with that.
Sure, I can certainly take a look at that for you. I'm sorry that it's been so long since you had contact from us. That's definitely problematic and we'll get to the bottom of that today. first I just need to ask you for a few questions for some personal information, OK? I know you said your first name is Kim and what is your last name?
It's Johns. That's J O H N S.
Thank you Miss Johns and can you please tell me your date of birth?
Yes, it's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right, thank you so much. And what about your Are we. Oh OK. You have two accounts with us. You have a checking and a savings. Are we talking about the checking or the savings account?
OK, the checking. Right?
Yeah.
OK bear with me just a second. I was just trying to see which account number I needed to ask you for. OK, can you please give me your checking account number?
Sure, let me look for that right here. See here.
bear with me for one moment. I thought I had it right in front of me.
Sure, take your time.
can I give you my social instead?
sure, yeah. Go ahead.
OK, that's one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
All right, thank you so much. I appreciate that information. And for your security question, what is your mother's maiden name?
yes. That's Murphy.
OK, thank you so much. All right, let's see here. And so can you tell me the email address that we have on file?
well it should be my first name, my. Excuse me, my first initial, last name which is K Johns and then three sevens. Seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK, so basically we just need to update your personal information and your email address cuz it looks like we have the wrong one here. bear with me just a sec. Can you read that email address to me once more.
Sure, it's K Johns my first initial, last name and then three sevens. So, seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Mhm.
All right, thank you so much. And bear with me just a second. I just wanted to make sure I've got all this updated for you.
What did it. What did it say?
My email address. What was?
It was sixes instead of sevens.
Oh OK. Huh, wow. I must have really messed that up.
Yeah.
That's OK. I wanna go ahead and get a confirmation sent out to you that I have updated this. if you could just check your email for me and let me know that you got a confirmation and then we're gonna go into your your online portal to make sure that it's correct there as well.
Sure, yes. I received the I received the update in my email.
OK and can you open. Can you go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com?
Sure.
And then, just follow the prompts like you normally would and but go over to your profile and scroll down and see if the if the email address is correct.
OK. Bear with me for one moment while I log on.
Sure, take your time.
OK. OK, I got it logged on here. Let me get over to my profile here. OK.
OK, yes. It does look like it's been updated online as well.
Fantastic! And would you like any further information about online banking in order to update your personal information more conveniently in the future?
no, that's OK. I can take it from here. I didn't even think about going online and updating my information or checking to see if it was correct. but I appreciate you taking care of it.
It's OK.
Oh, it's totally fine. You can call in and and ask us anything. Anytime, we're. That's what we're here for is to help you. and is there anything else that I could help you with today?
Nope! That's everything. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome. we value your loyalty at Intellibank and thank you so much for being a customer and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day Miss Johns.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Joe. Can I get your first and last name?
Hi, my name is Stephanie Garcia.
Hello Ms. Garcia. How can I help you today?
Hi, yeah. I was actually just calling to see my checking account balance. I just wanna be sure I have the correct amount.
OK, I no problem. I can actually get that information for you. can I ask you a couple verification questions?
Yeah, sure.
Perfect. What is your date of birth?
Date of birth is May twenty-first ninety-four.
Excellent. And then if I may ask for either your account number or debit card information?
Actually, don't have that just yet. Hang on. Let me.
OK.
Let me go take a look at that.
So, yeah. I actually can't find it. Is there any other way that you can verify me?
Yes, I can actually look for, could you tell me the last four of your social?
Yeah! My last four social is three six seven nine.
Excellent. Perfect. And then, also, what is the name of your first pet?
It is Sparky?
Sparky? OK. Excellent. Perfect. So now, as that information is generated, how's your day been?
My day's going pretty great. It's it's not too bad. I can't complain over here. How about yourself?
Busy, very busy. I do apologize. I know the wait was, I think the wait time is like forty-five minutes right now so I'm glad you were able to get in touch with me for us to solve this issue for you. let me see if someone's there.
Yeah.
And the wait time wasn't actually that bad.
Oh.
But thank you for your help.
Yeah, of course. I, yeah, we're we're being pretty slammed the last month or so. As COVID everything, people go back to work, so it's been a lot busier. Within the call center.
Yeah, definitely. And then the weather is changing, so you know, people are out there spending more money.
Yeah.
That is true, that is true. like right now we had our boss go and he gave us a Starbucks he did Starbucks run so I'm just waiting for my coffee right now.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah, got eight shots.
Can't go without coffee.
Need that
Picker-upper.
But let me see the information. Perfect.
Which . Tell me one more time, which account did you want the balance on?
I would like my checking account balance first.
OK. Checking account currently is five thousand dollars and twenty-four cents.
OK, I was supposed to have a direct deposit. take effect. Like has it appeared yet? On my account?
Direct deposit, OK.
Let me see. is it for you or your husband? Because I see potentially two deposits coming in.
For myself.
For yourself, OK. So your deposit should enter within the next twenty-four hours and it should be eighteen hundred dollars.
OK, so that that amount is not included the direct deposit yet? Perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for.
No, no, no, no. That's just.
Yeah.
and then. Let me see, there. Did you want to check any other balances while I'm in your account right now?
No, but since you are on the phone, let me get my credit card and if there's any way that you can provide me my credit limit.
Yeah, of course. Credit limit is actually seven thousand.
Oh yeah. OK, because it's in my account.
Yeah.
I have that credit card on my account. OK.
Seven thousand's the credit limit.
Seven thousand what is the amount that I have on my credit card?
It's so you actually just owe sixty-nine hundred is the available balance currently.
Sixty-nine hundred? Oh, OK. So I'm almost close to the max. Not.
Oh, no no. That's six hundred six hundred, six thousand nine hundred available.
Oh, I see. OK, OK. OK. Yeah, I love this credit card. This Intellibank credit card. It's It's amazing. It has been working for me.
Oh.
So yeah. it's yeah. You say is the correct word. It's not Intel. It's a Intellibank credit card.
Oh, I see. OK.
But Is there anything else I may help you with? would you like a increase request or anything like that? you brought up the credit limit?
I would possibly be interested in a credit increase but definitely not at this time. I'll go ahead and just pay down some of this amount and then I can give you guys a call for a credit limit increase on this credit card.
Excellent. Well, if there's nothing else I can help you with, enjoy the rest of your day, and thanks for calling Intellibank.
Thank you for giving me my checking account balance and helping me today.
You're very welcome. Bye bye.
.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. How may I help you?
Hey Peter, how are you?
I'm well, how are you doing?
I'm doing all right. I'm calling about. I wanna make a dispute on a charge on my card.
OK. please give me your first and last name.
first name is Monica with a C. M O N I C A. And last name is Kalinski. K as a koala, A L I N as Nora, S K I.
Monica Kalinski. M O N I C A. K A L I N S K I. Correct? All right, thank you very much, Monica. May I have your birthdate, please?
Yes.
February twentieth, nineteen seventy-four.
All right. and I've got some accounts pulled up here. Which account are you calling in reference to?
the one that ends on eight one zero zero.
Eight one zero zero. And is that your credit card account? OK. And the. You said you were calling about a dispute?
Yes.
Yes.
what is the name of the company or the amount that you're disputing?
the name of the company is Overstock dot com. and the amount I am disputing is four thousand three hundred and one dollars.
OK.
OK. So I'm seeing this Overstock charge for four thousand three hundred and one dollars. can you explain to me, help me understand why are you disputing this?
so I have received so. First of all, I don't shop really online and I don't know where this charge is coming from. So, I have never bought anything from them. I call them they said that they can't find me in the system, but they have not re-returned my money. from from my credit card. So I want you guys to call them and get my money back, please.
OK.
Got it. So, this is a charge that occurred on your credit card and you never placed it and you never received an order for it? Is that correct?
That is correct.
Is there a chance that somebody else has your your credit card information?
no. Not that I know of.
OK. so at this point we should probably lock your card. Because if somebody is putting it through and has your card number and and information and the expiration date and the the security code to place a four thousand dollar charge on your card. we should probably lock it and get you a new card, and we can start the the dispute resolution process.
That will be great, thank you.
.
OK. So, I've gone ahead and canceled your credit card ending in eight one zero zero.
OK.
And we started the dispute resolution. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
when am I gonna receive the new card?
that new card, we can have it out to you tomorrow.
Do I need to be home? And where where are you sending it? To which address? Which address do you have?
To your home address. The.
that is the seven thirty-seven Temerity Drive in Reno, Nevada. Nine one one zero one.
OK. Correct.
OK.
OK. anything else for this one? Do you need from me?
nope. So we will start this dispute resolution. We will go through and and somebody from our dispute resolution team will be in touch with you shortly.
OK. Like maybe in a couple days?
probably in the next yeah, in the next couple days.
OK. And I also wanna do a quick transfer between my two accounts, please.
OK.
OK. So, what account would you like to transfer from?
from three four one one one zero nine one four four five two ten oh eight. So from that one. From this checking account I wanna transfer five thousand dollars to the eight one zero zero account.
the eight one zero zero account is is has actually been effectively closed.
So, I can't transfer any money in there?
you're gonna have a new account number, so you, we can since we essentially closed your accounts and are issuing you a new. Closed your account and issuing you a new card we can put it towards a new card once you activate that account.
OK. So, that's gonna take a couple days.
Yes, that will take a couple days.
OK. And in the mean time I can use the other checking account to pay stuff with?
the the the three four. The one zero zero eight account? Yes, your that account is fine. It's just your eight one zero zero account.
Yep.
I can't do anything. OK.
It's the one with the.
The disputed with the dispute on it. And closing the account just in case somebody has your information.
All right. OK. I just wanna know, last question, Peter, I'm thinking about traveling, hopefully. Soon and can I can I use my travel card?
In Europe?
You mean your traveler's card?
Yeah, my traveler's card.
Yes. Your traveler's.
Card, yes. And where are you traveling in Europe?
Austria.
Austria, OK. I can make a note on that account. And when you travel to Austria so that it won't flag the transactions, in Austria.
that will be great. And do you guys have any fees for international charges?
For international charges, no, just the normal fbye bye. Your normal fees.
OK. That's great.
Your normal.
Interest fees.
OK. Wow, Peter, you were very helpful today.
Oh, thank you very much.
Well looking
Is there.
Anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's all. That's plenty, thank you so much.
All right. So, somebody will be in touch with you shortly from our dispute resolution team. And your new card will be issued and be at your door tomorrow. Sometime.
OK. Thanks so much, Peter.
All right. Have a wonderful day.
You too.
All right.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cathy. How can I help you today?
Hi. This is Laura Winters and I would like to get some questions answered about checking accounts.
Absolutely! What kind of questions did you have about checking accounts with us?
Well, I would like to know first of, what the fees are.
Absolutely. we do have a couple fees associated with our checking accounts. We do require fifteen minimum charges to come out of the account.
each month. Otherwise, there is a four dollar ninety-nine cent fee assessed to you. We do also non-sufficient fund fees that are thirty-four dollars and ninety-nine cents per item.
if any checks that are deposited into the account, if they are returned for non-sufficient funds funds, there is a five dollar fee to you.
OK. So in order to not pay the four dollar and ninety-nine cent fee would I have to have. Would that fee deposits and checks or or.
actually just charges coming out of the account specifically as withdrawals or through your card or anything automatically set up to clear the account.
Oh OK.
And do you have interest on the checking account?
Actually, we have a promotion going on right now for the next six months.
The first five hundred dollars that you deposit in the account will get a zero point five percent interest rate.
Anything beyond that point will be at our regular rate of zero point zero one percent.
Oh great. OK.
And how much will it cost me to order checks?
Actually, it is free for our members to order checks through us.
Oh how wonderful. Well, in that case. I I want to open an account with Interbank.
actually, I'm so sorry. We are Intellibank not Interbank.
Oh so sorry. OK. Well OK. I wanna open a checking account with Intellibank.
Absolutely. I can go ahead and start the application process over the phone here for you. I just need to collect some information.
first things first. If I could please have you repeat your first and last name for me, please.
OK. It's Laura Winters.
Wonderful. Thank you so much and Ms. Winters if I could please have your full social security number, please?
OK. It's three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven.
Excellent and if I could also have your date of birth please.
Four five nineteen fifty-five. That's April fifth nineteen fifty-five.
Excellent.
All righty and we if I could also have your current address, please.
Seventeen fourteen milbye bye. Oh wait a minute. Wait a minute. I'm sorry. I just moved.
Actually, our old landlord was kind of a funny person and they raised the rent on us and we had to move and so anyway. Let me get the let me just go double check what our address is now.
Not a problem. Take your time.
OK. Just a second. I've only gotten one piece of mail here. I know I have it. Just a second.
OK. My address is nine eight seven South Papa Drive and that's in Pueblo, Colorado eight one zero one three.
Wonderful. Thank you and what is the best call back number for you?
area code seven one nine two one five two six nine nine.
Excellent and what email address did you like to have associated with your account?
Lauralynn at SuperMail dot com. That's L A U R A L Y N N at SuperMail dot com.
Excellent. Thank you.
And we will also need to establish a security question and security answer for your account. You'll just use this any time you call in to the call center to verify your identity. we have a couple different options for you to select from for security questions.
Some of the more popular ones are what is your mother's maiden name. What street did you grow up on or what was the name of your first grade teacher. Would you like to select from one of these options?
I'll take what street did I grow up on. Saint Johnson Street.
Excellent. Thank you so much. Let me go ahead and just add some of your information into our system here.
OK. So how is your day going?
Oh, thank you so much for asking. I'm having a wonderful day so far. How's your day?
Well now that I'm getting a checking account open, it's going great.
I'm so glad to hear that. Well, I have gone ahead and started the application.
In order to finalize your account, we do need you to come into one of our branches to sign. it looks like the closest branch that we have to your address is at fifteen hundred East Bradley Avenue in Pueblo, Colorado eight one zero one three. We look forward to seeing you at your earliest convenience to come and sign.
OK. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Good afternoon. This is Brooke from Intellibank. How many I help you?
Hi, I need to do a wire transfer.
OK. Can I please get your first and last name?
Peter Weingart.
Could you please spell your first name, sir?
My first name is Peter. P E T E R.
And your last name sir again?
Is Weingart, W E I N G A R T.
Thank you, Ms. Weingart. I hope I pronounce it correct. Excuse me. You said that you wanted to make a wire transfer? Is that is that correct?
Yes.
That is correct.
OK. can I please, can you please verify your account number?
my account number is two nine one, two three one one.
OK. So that is a two nine one, two three one one?
Correct.
OK. Could you please verify your address?
it's PO Box four five nine eight seven, Reno Nevada, nine one one zero one.
OK. So that is to make sure I got it right, a PO Box five four nine eight seven at Reno as a R E N O, Nevada, nine one one zero one?
Correct.
OK.
is that going to be your checking account, sir?
Yes, it is.
OK. What amount would you like to transfer?
I need to transfer nine thousand dollars.
Nine thousand dollars. OK.
Or wired.
Sorry, it's a wire.
OK.
Nine thousand.
Dollars.
All right. Nine thousand dollars. And is this going to be a domestic or international wire?
International wire transfer.
OK. I am going to need the routing number for the account, sir.
the routing number is two three one, four five five, one two two.
Two three one, four five five. One two two?
Four five five
Yes.
And could you please verify it into what country that it's being it's gonna go?
that is being transferred to Hong Kong.
To Hong Kong, OK. and could you please give me the account number for this account?
the account number is nine one zero, two one three five seven.
OK. So to confirm, that is a nine one zero two one three five seven?
Yes, correct.
OK. there are going to be some wire fees. Is that OK with you sir?
Are the fees?
So from up to ten thousand US dollars, the fees are fifty US dollars for the transfer to Hong Kong.
OK.
so was that is that OK sir?
No, that is OK.
Would you like me to take that out of this account?
yes, please.
So then after the wire fee the amount that will be going to your new account in Hong Kong, it will be eight thousand nine hundred and fifty US dollars.
No, I need nine
Thousand to go to that account.
OK. But you only have nine thousand in the account sir. How would you like to take care of the other fifty dollars?
Do I have any money in my savings account?
yes you do.
OK, can we transfer money from my savings account to my checking then?
Or can you
Yes.
Just pull the fees directly out of my savings account?
I can pull the fees from your saving account sir, yes.
OK.
could you please confirm the account number on the saving account?
It is two one I'm sorry. It's two nine one two three, one two.
So it's a two nine one two, three one two?
Correct.
OK. So I will be taking from your checking account from I'm sorry. From your saving account, the wire fee of fifty dollars and you will be receiving in your new account in Hong Kong nine thousand US dollars.
OK.
just hold on a second. Can I put you on hold for just a minute while I take care of that? Thank you.
Sure.
All right sir. So that is.
And can I
Can I close my savings account and transfer the remaining balance from my savings account into my checking account?
yes, sir. Just before we do the next thing, just would like to let you know that you will see your nine thousand US dollar in the bank in Hong Kong within twenty-four hours.
OK.
OK. OK. So could you please, just to verify the last four digits of your saving account that we're gonna be closing?
that's the that's the two three one two account.
The two three one two account. OK. So the remaining balance is four thousand dollars.
OK.
And we will be putting it into your checking account?
Yes, please.
Ending on, please verify the last four digits.
Two three
One two.
Two three, one two. OK. Hold on a second. Thank you, sir. How are you doing today sir?
Oh, I'm doing all right. How are you doing today?
I am doing pretty good.
Where are you located?
I'm located in Kentucky.
Kentucky, whereabouts in Kentucky?
Fort Wright, Kentucky.
Where?
Four Wright.
Fort Wright?
yes, sir.
Never heard of Fort Wright, Kentucky. Haven't been to Kentucky. Only thing I know about Kentucky is the whiskey and Kentucky Derby.
Well, it's so good. it's very close to Cincinnati on the other side of the bridge.
Got it.
OK. I am almost done sir. while I'm working on this, is there gonna be anything else that I I can help you with?
No, I think that's probably it.
OK. All right. So I have transferred the four thousand dollars from your saving account, and it's closed and the amount is transferred into your checking account.
OK. Thank you very much.
All right. Well, if there's anything else, thank you for being our client to Intellibank. And we wish you a pleasant day.
All right.
Thank you. Good bye.
All right. Bye.
Hello.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Andrea. How can I help you today?
yes I moved last week and I would like to get my statement sent to my new address. And oh yeah oh yeah and I went through the account statement comes out. did it already come out?
no sir they haven't come out for this month yet they actually come out usually around the fifteenth of each month so from the fifteenth to the fifteenth so if you moved within that time you should be getting a new account statement in the mail after you update your address information so would you like to just update your address information today.
yes please.
OK sir before I complete this transaction I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account.
All right.
All right can I get your first and last name please?
Yes my first name is Mike last name Lowery.
Michael Lowery. could you spell your last name for me, sir.
Yes.
L O W E R Y.
K that's L O W E R Y.
Yes.
can I get your date of birth please?
Yes date of birth is twelve seven one nine seven four.
Twelve seven one nine seven four.
Yes.
All right sir for our authentication purposes I need to get your credit card number we have on file here.
Yes, my credit card number is five four seven eight two two one four four three five one one four eight seven.
All right sir. You listed your number as five four seven eight. Two two one four four three five one one four eight seven.
Yes.
Yes. All right. Thank you very much of verifying that and for security purpose could you give me the last four digits of your social?
yes it's six nine nine eight.
All right sir six nine nine eight yes we have that on file and to verify you said you want to remove your old address and update it to a new address that you just moved to.
Yes please.
All right sir in order to do that let me go ahead and verify that you are removing this old address it is four one six South Central Road in Memphis Tennessee three eight zero one eight.
Yes.
So you are replacing that address. OK sir what is that new street address.
Yes the new street address is two four five East Greenwood Drive Memphis. Memphis Tennessee area code three eight one zero eight.
All right sir let me clarify that. Your new address is two four five East Greenwood Drive in Memphis Tennessee. And that ZIP code is three eight one zero eight.
Correct.
All right sir.
I have updated their information for you.
And your account statement will be coming out on the fifteenth. It should go straight to that address, sir. if you actually transferred any mails to that address sometimes it'll it would it would've gotten processed anyway and would've been sent there with you.
Kay.
OK thank you very much. So how's your day going so far?
Oh it's going pretty good sir I'm I'm looking forward to the weekend already though.
Me too, me too.
Yes I'm supposed to head out with my kids for the weekend.
You'll guys gonna have fun.
Yeah I'm gonna try to have some fun.
All right that's right.
All right sir. did you wanna find out any information about online banking? Perhaps I can just send you a flyer in the mail.
yes can you send me file in the mail?
Yes sir I can send you to this address that you have on file here but to just give you a quick synopsis of what it's gonna entail it's so you that you can just check your account online if you want to. You can update your files or do any other information that you normally would call in for you can even check your balance if you want to really quickly so you would just go on our website and set that up but like you
Like I said I can go just ahead and send you a flyer and that way you would have all that information right at hand.
All right sounds good.
OK sir would that be all for you today?
Yes ma'am.
Thank you so much for calling Mr. Lowery and for being a loyal customer and client. Again my name is Andrea. Enjoy the rest of your day!
you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
All right.
Ring ring ring ring.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jenny speaking. How can I help you?
Yes, I need to find out what branches of your bank are closest to me. And I also need to check the balance of my savings and checking account. And I need some help with online banking.
OK, I'd be happy to help you with all those things. Let's see, first things first, let's look up some branches for you. What's your ZIP code, please?
Eight zero nine zero four.
OK, and let's see, you want the five closest to you?
The three closest, please. But I need addresses also so I can write these down.
OK, there's one at six nine seven. West Colorado Boulevard.
Yes. Is it six five seven West Colorado Boulevard or West Colorado Avenue?
Oh, it's West Colorado Avenue. Sorry.
Oh, OK. Thank you. Can I also get that phone number please?
Sure, seven one nine three six five eight five five five.
Seven one nine three six five eight five five five?
That's it.
All right, thank you very much, and the next one?
OK, the next one is gonna be at one two four West Nevada.
OK, are you sure that's not South Nevada?
oh, actually, you know what, it might be North Nevada.
Oh, OK, that works. And the address again?
that was one two four North Nevada.
OK, thank you. And their phone number?
That would be seven one nine two zero four six nine six nine.
Two zero four six nine six nine. And what's the hours of that branch, please?
That branch is gonna be open. Let's see, their drive through opens at eight thirty, but the main branch opens at nine. And they are open Monday through Friday, nine to five.
OK, thank you very much. And the next one?
Next one is gonna be six twenty-four forty-eight South Academy Boulevard.
Oh, that works, that's close to my work. Thank you very much for that. And what was the address again?
No trouble.
Six forty-eight forty-eight South Academy Boulevard.
All right, thank you. And their phone number.
Their phone number is seven one nine. four two five two six six three.
OK, and do they have a drive up there, or is it just the lobby?
That, I believe, is just a lobby. I do not see a drive up hours. Next one is gonna be Seven twenty-five InterQuest Parkway.
All righty, that'll work. And the next one, please.
Oh, that's way up there, huh. That's OK, I'll take that one too. Seven twenty-five InterQuest.
Correct.
And their phone number.
Their phone number's seven one nine. Four four four four four four four.
OK, an easy number to remember. And is that a lobby and drive up, or just a lobby?
It is.
That is lobby and drive up.
OK, and their hours are the same? Nine to five?
That is correct. Their drive through does open a half hour early, so they open at eight thirty.
All right, that's perfect. OK, thank you very much. And now can I get the balances on my accounts please?
Sure, one moment, let me switch my computer screen. OK, and first question is I need to know your name, please.
Gladys Johnson.
All right, Gladys, how do you spell that please?
G L A D Y S And Johnson is spelled the traditional way. J O H N S O N.
J O H N S O N. All right, Gladys. OK, so let's just go ahead and verify some information. I need your date of birth, please.
Six one nineteen fifty-seven.
OK, that's correct. And your four digit access code?
Zero nine one nine.
Perfect. And last four of your social, please.
Three two three two.
OK, and how about your drivers license number?
It is three zero two one six two seven seven seven.
OK, and last but not least, the accounts we're checking. The account numbers that we're checking for you today.
The checking account is zero seven one three six zero six.
Zero seven one three six zero six. And that's checking.
Correct.
OK, the balance in there is eight dollars and thirty cents.
How is that possible? There should be more in there than that.
Well, we can go back through your history if you'd like.
Please.
OK, so I see a a withdrawal yesterday in the amount of eight hundred and fifty dollars.
Oh, where. Where was that withdrawal done?
That withdrawal was done in at the InterQuest Parkway branch.
OK, thank you, and can you tell me the previous transaction?
Sure, let's see, before that we've got a twenty dollar purchase.
At, it looks like, a Seven Eleven.
OK. All right, that makes sense. Thank you very much.
No trouble at all. Can I do anything else for you?
the savings account balance, please.
OK, and that account number please.
Zero seven one three six zero six zero.
Zero seven one three six zero six zero.
Correct.
All right, Gladys The account balance in that account is three hundred and sixty-seven thousand dollars and eight cents.
Oh, OK, I see what happened. I think my partner took money out of the checking account and put it in the savings account. Obviously that's what happened.
OK.
So that's good. I'm good with that. Thank you very much for your information. No trouble at all, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll do it. Thank you.
All right, you have a great day, Gladys. Thanks for calling.
You, too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jennifer, how may I help you?
Hello, how are you doing today? But I'm calling to locate an ATM near me and report my card lost.
OK. I can assist you with that. Can I have your first and last name please?
Steve Henderson.
OK, Mr. Henderson. Can I have your date of birth and account number, please?
Yes, you may. My date of birth is April the twenty-third, nineteen eighty-three. My account number is two six four oh seven three two.
Oh I'm sorry, I didn't catch that account number. Can you repeat that again for me more slowly?
Yes ma'am. It's two six four oh seven three two.
OK, perfect. And for your security code, what is the name of the street you grew up on?
Sixty-third Street.
Thank you. Awesome. Thank you. So you stated that you would like to locate an ATM?
Yes, please.
OK. to assist you with that, I will need the street address where you are inquiring. Can I please have that street address?
Two six eight Southwest Thirty-fourth Street.
OK. And the city and state?
Jupiter Springs, South Carolina.
OK, and that ZIP code. Please.
Nine Eight nine nine two oh.
Eight nine nine two zero, is that correct?
Yes, ma'am. Sorry for the misunderstanding.
Oh, no worries. No worries at all. MK. And I do see that there are several ATMs near your location. there is an ATM located on eighty-fifth street. that one's about two miles away from you. are you familiar with the CVS on eighty-fifth street?
No, ma'am.
No? OK, let me see here. there is also an ATM at the Bank of Saint Martin. that's about one point three miles away from you on West East Boulevard. but there is a two dollars and ninety-nine cent fee at that location. are you. Are you familiar with that area?
No, not really.
OK. All right, but you can go into our online banking, and that way you can find all of our ATM and branch locations. Would you like further information about how to find ATMs in your location using our bank. Online banking tool?
Yes, please. And do these ATM locations accept cash deposits? As well?
yes all of our ATMs accept cash deposits. and if you have created an online banking. Do you already have an online banking account?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, good. So if you go on the online banking. Log in. To the left, you will see where it says help me locate ATMs or branch locations. If you just click on that, type in your ZIP code. It will pop up for you.
OK.
OK, and you also stated that you would like to report a lost card, is this correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, thank you. Can I have your credit card number, please?
Seven six four three eight six four three nine eight five seven nine six four six.
OK, thank you. And can I have the date your credit card was lost?
September third.
OK. And can I. Do you remember the business where you last used your card?
The Burger King on twenty-ninth.
OK, let me take a look here. OK, so I do see that that was the last transaction. the Burger King on twenty-ninth. Thank you for that. But I have canceled the credit card and reissued you a new one. You can expect to receive your credit card in the mail in seven to ten business days. once you get that card there will be a sticker on the front that you'll call to activate your new card.
OK.
All righty. would you like further information about online banking and reporting your card lost or stolen so that you can do this online?
What is involved in setting it. Up online banking? So is there Are any other ways to report a stolen card, other than calling?
yes, so you can report your card lost or stolen with our online banking tool. if you just log into your account, it will be a link there that you can click. Also, there's a number that you can call for lost and stolen cards, as well. is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.
I'm sorry, is there anything else that I can do for you?
No. Thank you. And have a blessed day.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jennifer, and have a great day.
You, too.
mhm. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hi, Peter. This is Monica.
Hi, Monica. How are you doing today?
not good.
Oh, how may I help you?
well, I just wanna complain again because the ATM that is down the street where I lived every time I go it is either out of order, or there is not substantial you know, funds in it. And I and I could just never used it. What is it that just everybody goes in there and just takes the money out and every time I need like forty dollars there is just like nothing?
I am so sorry to hear that. can you can you give me the address of the ATM and I can put a note on What did they do?
Yeah and probably you should
Just take it out so then people know that it's never working or is always out of money, OK?
OK.
So what do you need from me again?
the address of the ATM that in question.
Yes. It's on the twenty seven four Bullfrog Road. It's like inside that little you know grocery store where just there's nothing even in there but let let me just not go in there. But it's in that store.
OK.
All right. So it's you said two seven four Bullfrog Road. Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK.
All right. I'm pulling that up now and then what city is that in?
Stowe.
And then Stowe, Vermont? Is that correct? OK. I'm pulling that up right now.
Yes.
Oh and looks like that's inside the Kwik-E-Mart there on the corner of.
Oh and I just.
Wanna complain about just one thing. So even if I have a chance to use it let me just tell you that your stupid machine is not even reading correctly or the buttons are all worn out because I don't know if all those little kids that just go and push the buttons because there's nothing else for them to do but let me just tell you that it's the screen is also really faded even that it's inside the store and you can barely see anything. So I'm even afraid to go and put my credit card in there because what's gonna happen if if my credit card or or my debit card gets stuck in there. There's nobody to help me out there so you should just replace that machine and just put a new machine.
OK.
I am so sorry for your for your your stress there.
the a I'm pulling this up and this actually looks like it's a private like a third party vendor in the Star Network.
So that's not actually one of our the our Intellibank ATMs so if you if you wanted to you could install the mobile banking app. If you don't already have that.
what do I need that for?
Well, because then, you can go into the Intellibank mobile banking app and go to find ATMs near me and you could put in. You could select instead of all ATMs, you could select the Intellibank ATMs and that would give you our ATMs.
And your ATMs are very far away from where I live.
OK.
So here is the thing you say that that one in the store it's a third party but then I don't get charge a fee.
If I go to a different one, what are you guys gonna charge me?
So if you go to one of the ones in in the Star Network, there are no fees. If you're outside of the Star Network, then there is a two dollar fee per transaction.
What's a?
Star Network?
So the Star Network is the group of ATMs that we are. it's kinda like are you familiar with the miles for for airlines?
yes.
OK. So you know how the all the airlines are kind of group together in different groups of miles.
So they all of kind of share those miles and you can kinda use those back and forth. and be part of the like the SkyTeam or the Sky Alliance or so the the Star Network is like that with ATMs.
Right, right, right, right.
Sure. OK.
mhm can you tell me what's the closest of your ATMs machines next closer to that that little store there that I.
To.
The Kwik-E-Mart at two seven four Bullfrog Drive?
Yeah.
Yes, please.
All right. Lemme program that in. OK. .
Hold on. My my computer is running a little slow today.
Of Course.
It's running slow. It's always running slow every time I call.
It happens.
Happens all over the place. All right so let me see. It looks like there is another ATM about a block and a half away from you to the east.
Hello thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kevin. How may I help you?
Hi Kevin. How are you?
I'm doing very well. How are you doing?
Oh I'm doing fabulous.
What can I help you with today?
we need to transfer some money internationally.
OK are you looking to wire money internationally or ACH it? Or.
wire please.
OK. All right. So, and you said it needs to go internationally. Correct?
Yes. Correct.
Mkay.
All right. So who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?
this is Simone Bishop.
OK Simone. And do you happen to have your account number that we're wiring the money from?
no I don't actually. Actually hold on. You know what? I'm driving. I gotta pull over. This is not safe.
OK.
Sorry about that.
No worries.
You're on my headset so don't worry about it that I'm looking at my phone. I just have to pull over so hold on.
OK.
All right.
OK. what did you ask me for? I'm sorry.
So I was asking if you had a an account number that we're wiring the money from.
no I don't.
OK. current address?
yes. current address is six ten Silver Spring Road Heber Massachusetts nine four zero one one.
All right. Six ten Silver Spring Road in Heber Massachusetts nine four six one one?
zero one one.
Zero one one. Sorry about that. all right. And so I'm pulling up Simone Bishop here. All right and your date of birth Simone?
my date of birth is September twenty-ninth nineteen seventy-four.
OK. And the last four of your social security number.
Three two one four.
Three two one four. OK that all checks out. All right. So we're in here, and which account are we transferring the money from? From your checking or your savings account?
From my checking account.
From your checking account? OK. All right perfect. and how much are we transferring?
Yes, please.
thirty-five thousand please.
Thirty-five thousand dollars? OK. That's quite a wire transfer. Is everything OK?
Yeah. It's my sister. It's just. Yeah there's stuff I gotta take care of.
Oh, OK.
All right so the fee for transferring that internationally is going to be a hundred and ninty-nine dollars.
Whoa where are we transferring those?
it's our international transfer fee for over ten thousand dollars. cuz there's a whole bunch of regulatory issues that come in when you transfer more than ten thousand.
OK.
She's just.
Getting more expensive by the second.
Yep. unfortunately yeah.
It's her wedding. So.
OK. Got it. OK so We need the routing number that we're wiring this money to.
OK yeah it's gonna go to her account. the routing number is two three one four five five one two two.
two three one four five five one two two for the routing number.
Yep.
OK and then account number?
the account number is nine one zero two one three five seven.
Nine one zero two one three five seven for the account number. OK. And again we are wiring thirty-five thousand dollars. And the name on the account that we are wiring it to?
it is Melanie Webster.
Melanie Webster. OK and do you want any any do you want a reference on this? Or.
Yes. Can you guys send me a receipt?
yes, we can absolutely send you a receipt but is there a a reference number or anything else that you want attached to this wire transfer?
So I know that it has been received.
a reference number?
maybe congratulations for your wedding or you know.
No.
Spend them.
Wisely.
Spend them wisely. OK we can do that.
Sorry, that was.
All right. Sorry Miss.
Sorry that was. That was my alarm that she's gonna call me in a minute and ask me where is the money.
All right. OK so we are transferring thirty-five thousand dollars. We have that. Where are we. Where are we the the payment for the wire transfer are we pulling that out of your checking account also?
yeah that's right. Sure.
OK. All right. Sounds good. And this wire transfer is processing. Your sister should have it first thing in the morning.
Lucky her.
And.
Yeah that is. she is lucky. Is there anything else that we can help you with here?
No. Actually can you let me know please give me the balance of on my checking account?
yeah, so.
What's left
For me to survive on.
Yeah, so your your checking account currently has a balance of seventy-seven thousand two hundred and thirty-three dollars and forty-one cents.
Oh.
OK. I should be OK for a while.
Mm you should be OK for a month at least I guess. So is there anything else that we can assist you with here at Intellibank?
No. No Kevin. Thank you so much.
All right. Well, you have a great day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
thank.
Thank you. You too. Bye.
All right.
Bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great, Kim. How are you?
I'm doing pretty well. I've I've actually been out enjoying this weather, did a little gardening today. It was really nice.
Sweet. Oh my God, I wish I could get in my garden. Unfortunately, I am stuck inside working weekends. So
Oh, no.
No fun for me.
No, I remember those days, and that is not fun.
No, I would totally love to trade places with you. I keep looking at my garden wistfully like soon, soon again, we will be together.
That's hilarious. Well, Rose. I called today about I need a couple of things actually. I need to close my savings account that I have with you all. and I also had a charge show up on my checking account that I need to check check check with you guys cuz I don't recognize that and I would like to dispute the charge.
Oh, certainly. I can help you with both of those things. first I'll have to get some information from you so we can handle the first issue with closing your account.
Sure, yeah.
All right. so, let's see. So I'll need your last name, and can you spell it for me please?
Sure. My last name is Johns. That's J O H N S.
Thank you so much, Ms. Johns. And also, what is your date of birth?
it's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. And can you tell me what the answer to your security question is? What is your mother's name, maiden name, excuse me?
sure, it's Murphy.
Thank you. And also the account number that you need to close.
OK. let's see here. My savings account Here we go. It is one one two, one zero zero, zero five nine three.
I have a different account number for your savings?
Oh, you know what. I think I read the last four digits wrong. Hold on, lemme do this one do it again. it's one one two one zero zero, zero five, nine two.
OK.
OK. Thank you so much. That's that's correct. And I'm so sorry. You did you tell me your reason for wanting to close?
Great.
yeah. Actually, the savings account is charging and right now unfortunately, my husband got laid off from his company. They down-sized cuz they are, you know, it's a restaurant and they're not making enough money, you know since everything with COVID last year. So.
Yeah.
Things have been really really difficult and, you know, we've been we've been trying to hold onto this savings account, but you know, it's becoming more expensive cuz we're getting charged when our balance is below, you know, the hundred dollars so, We we we just can't afford it right now. So we have to cancel it and I'm hoping. I think there's like fifty-two dollars or something like that in there and I'd like to transfer that over to to my checking as well.
Mhm.
Certainly, I can definitely help you with that and I completely understand. I I hear that more often than you would even think of. COVID is really made it so difficult for so many of our customers to even stay with our bank. because of the fees. And, you know, those things add up, and it's just a very unfortunate situation for so many. I'm. I'm sorry that you are having to endure this.
Yeah.
Well, thank you. I appreciate it. It's, you know it's been rough. I know we will come back from this, but you know, it it's definitely been rough.
Yeah. I I feel like I feel like there is a brighter future ahead, but I think it's a little off in the distance. Too far for any of us to get excited about and I'm hoping that it it happens a lot sooner for you and your husband. and I. You're welcome. I just wanted to make sure that I heard you correctly. the deposit account that you would wish to transfer that money over to is your checking, correct?
Thank you.
yes.
OK. and can you please give me the deposit account number?
Sure, my checking account number is one one two, one zero zero, zero five, nine five.
All right. Thank you so much. So I'm going to go ahead and close this account for you. And to get that done first. And then, I'm going to transfer. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me do the transfer first and then I'll close the account. I apologize.
OK, thank you. No worries.
You're very welcome. Bear with me just a few moments.
OK.
OK. Ms. Johns, I just wanted to advise you that the account balance in your checking now with that fifty-two dollars being added will now be at five thousand fifty-two dollars and thirteen cents. And the savings account is now closed. I've sent confirmation of that to your email. You should receive that in about thirty seconds, and if you don't mind, could you please check that for me so I know that you got it?
yeah. I saw it come through on my phone actually, just a second ago, so I did receive that.
Fantastic, so the closure has is is now so it it's it's now closed. That account is no more. And would you like any further information about any of our other banking products we have available?
no, but I do need to dispute a charge on my checking account. the, you know, the same account number that you just deposited the money into. there was a charge on September seventeenth. for twenty-seven dollars and fifty cents. from a company that I didn't recognize. it just says T Y B L. so I I I did wanna dispute that charge.
OK.
Certainly.
OK. T Y B L. All right, and that was on September seventeenth? Bear with me just a moment while I pull that out for you.
OK, thank you.
You're welcome.
All right. I do see that here. OK. This looks like it's an international company.
Hmm. Yeah, I haven't made any international purchases any anytime recently.
No.
OK. Ms. Johns, I do have a few questions to ask about this before I set up the dispute with our dispute department. do you know if anyone else has access to your account that could've made this transaction?
Mhm.
No. No one has access to any of my checking or saving information.
OK. And you don't recognize any of these details from this business?
No, I definitely don't recognize the details.
OK. And do you have any regular membership fees or subscription fees that you know of?
just one for Apple. For storage on my phone. That's the only one that I have on a regular basis.
OK. And have you contacted this business that made the transaction?
I couldn't find any customer service information for them, and I've never heard of them. So, I just, you know, I figured I would call you guys and dispute it.
All right. Well, I'm gonna go ahead and send this over to our our dispute department. these disputes take between three to five business days. And once that dispute has been taken care of that department will reach out to you on the phone number that we have on file, and also send you a confirmation of it in your email. And I'm sending that over right now. Could you check your email for me and make sure that you got confirmation of this dispute that's been opened?
yep. I did get it. I saw it just come through right right now.
Thank you so much. All right. And is there anything else that I can do for you today, Ms. Johns?
no. That's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome. And we really appreciate your business here at Intellibank. And thank you for being a loyal customer. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your weekend, Ms. Johns.
Thank you, hun. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Maria. How may I help you today?
How's your day going?
It's going great. Thank you so much for asking. I hope yours is going good as well.
So far. Listen, I called and spoke with Natalie earlier about opening a new account, but didn't have all the information available. Is she available, ma'am? Or can you help me?
I would be more than happy to assist you with that, ma'am. Now, first off, what type of account is it you're thinking about opening? We have both personal checking and we have savings.
I'd like a checking. I'm closing my account with Oceanside Bank, and have heard good things about your bank.
Oh. That is so great. I'm glad to hear that. we can go ahead and get your new account set up. And again, just to make sure I have this information correctly, you are wanting to set up a checking account only for and that's where you will be depositing your money. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Let's get a little bit of information from you. First may I have your name, please?
My name is Mildred Pierce. P I E R C E.
OK. I have your name as Mildred, M I L D R E D. Pierce, P I E R C E.
Yes.
OK. Now may I please have your address? Just the street address first.
Three oh two Glynn Avenue. G L Y N N.
OK. I have three zero two Glynn Avenue. G L Y N N.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. And what city was that located?
Brunswick.
OK. Brunswick, B R U N S W I C K?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. And what state?
Georgia.
OK. I have that at three zero two Glynn Avenue in Brunswick, Georgia.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Great. Now Mrs. Pierce, may I please have your phone number area code first?
Nine five three four eight seven seven eight two four.
OK. I have nine five three four eight seven seven eight two four?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. And may I have your date of birth, please?
February fourth two thousand.
OK. I have February fourth two thousand?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. And I do need your Social Security number.
Five eight five eleven five nine six oh.
OK. I have five eight five one one five nine six zero?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Great. Thank you, Mrs. Pierce. Now we also do need to set up a security question and answer for you. Now. Some examples of the security question could be like, what was the name of your first dog? What street did you grow up on? What is your maiden name? Anything along those lines. What question would you like?
My maiden name.
OK. I do have that security question as what is your maiden name? And what answer?
Greene. G R E E N E.
OK. And for your answer I have Greene. G R E E N E?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Wonderful. Well I do have your account all set up for you. And if you have a piece of paper and pen available, I have your new account number for you. That is going to be zero zero zero seven nine three three one. Would you like me to repeat that?
Just give me a second to get my paper, please.
Sure.
All right. Repeat it for me, please.
Sure. It is zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK. when will I receive my checks?
OK. Well I can go ahead and order some of those for you . and we will be sending those to the address given at three zero two, Glynn Avenue, Brunswick, Georgia. And I do have that put in for you. you should be receiving those within five to seven business days. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what about the routing number to set up direct direct deposit?
Oh, absolutely, Mrs. Pierce. The routing number will be three seven eight five eight two one zero three. Would you like me to repeat that?
Yes, please.
OK. That's three seven eight five eight two one zero three. And also, just to let you know, we do offer free online banking you can go on there to access your account information. Like your balance, transaction list, we have free bill pay for our customers. And also after you run out of that first box of checks, you can go on there and order checks. And there's a whole lot more you can do on there. Would you go ahead and like me to help you set that up?
Not right now, but what is is the site?
OK. The site is WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And Intellibank is spelled, I N T E L L I B A N K. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Miss Pierce?
No, Thank you.
OK. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Again again, my name is Maria. You have a wonderful day, Mrs. Pierce.
Thank you.
Hi, this is Jennifer Jones at Intellibank. What can I do to help you?
Hi yeah, my card my credit card has been stolen. I I may have lost it. I am I am unfriendly in Chicago right now. I am on vacation with my family. I may have just lost it. but we I we I'm one hundred percent. I'm like ninety-nine percent sure it has been stolen. I'm pretty sure have traced my steps I'm pretty sure it's gone it's stolen. I'm pretty sure.
Alright, would you like to report your card stolen Lost or stolen and then I can issue a new one?
yeah, I I do want to do that. Can't y'all track it?
I'm not sure we can do that but what I can do is I can report it lost or stolen, cancel that card and I can issue a new one.
The cards have chips.
In them. They have chips in them. Chips are used for tracking and other stuff. You can't track my card? It's an Intel it's an Intel bank card. A platinum Intel bank card. You're saying you can't track the chip in that?
I'm sorry this is Intellibank but
Intellibank. Whatever.
Whatever look I'm glad you think this is funny. Look we're I'm I you can't you can't track it, great. great. OK, look I'm fine. Yes please just can you send it is it would it do me any good to send it here to my hotel or can you only send it to my home address? What's the deal with that.
I can send it to whatever address you like us to send it to but I'm gonna need some information first.
OK.
Can I ask you a few questions right now please?
Yeah. Yeah. Just.
Yeah. Do it. Go ahead. Whatever.
Alright, what's your first and last name?
It's it's John Doe. Yeah.
date of birth?
January first nineteen ninety-seven.
Alright, could I please get your credit card number, please?
You mean the number on the card that was stolen?
All right, let's try for driver's license number. Can I get your driver's license number, please?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, you can one second.
Alright all right my driver's license number is one two three four five six seven eight nine, got it?
Yeah, and I'm going to ask you a security question. What is the name of your first pet?
Kay.
Goodwill.
Alright, and what's the date of loss? the day what what day did you you lose your cat on?
it it had it had to be today so, you know, had to be today.
OK. OK and and what is the name of the business where you last used your card?
March. March second had to be the day.
I I last used it at the hotel it's a Hilton on first street.
Alright. So. I All right. So have canceled your card.
It's a Hilton Garden Inn.
To be specific.
OK.
what's the new address you like me to send your new card to?
can you give me one second? I got to Google the ZIP we're in. How how fast you think you could if, I'm in Chicago. How fast do you think I might get it?
So we'll probably give it to you within two or three weeks.
You know what? I'm I'm just going to give you the home address. I'm just going to give you the home address cuz I'm I'm gonna I'm leaving at the end of the week. I'll be fine, I'm just I got, you know, I'm here with folks. I'm just gonna have to owe them a lot back it's fine it's fine. I'm just going to give you my home address, OK?
OK.
Yup, it's going to be one seventeen, Washington Avenue. and that's gonna be Birmingham Alabama. ZIP one two three four five.
Alright, so you'll get your new card in two to three weeks.
Yeah, great.
And you can activate your new card on the website. On the our Intellibank website.
And it's Intel it's so it is intel it's not yeah, I know this. I'm sorry I'm I'm sorry it's a bad day I'm sorry.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Not unless you can you sure you can't track the chip in a card? They I have heard, I may just be too deep into some Facebook group but I've heard you can track chips
No, I'm sorry.
I'm little disappointed believing in the internet once again. I'm I'm I'm sorry I lost my cool there for a second. I'm she supposed to get trapping, I lost my part. I'm I'm sorry I'm sorry. My bad.
OK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's going to be it today thank you.
OK. Have a good day.
You you too, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, how are you doing today?
I'm doing great, thank you so much for asking.
That's wonderful. My name is Kim. I have a question about my bank account. I was wondering if you could help me.
Sure, I can definitely take a look at your account for you. I'll have to ask you a few questions, of course. get some information so we can get into your account. I know you said your name is Kim. what's your last name?
sure, it's Johns. J O H N S.
Thank you so much, Miss Johns. And can you please give me your date of birth?
That's April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much.
Sure.
And I need to know the account number that you're calling about.
yes. Let me see right here.
Sure, take your time.
My.
My checking account number is one one two, one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. And could you verify me. For me, excuse me, the address that we have on file?
Sure. It's forty-nine Holland Lane. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. One nine one zero three.
Awesome, thank you so much. And how can I help you today?
Well, I'm looking to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
OK. All right. So you want to do an internal transfer.
Yes. Yes, please.
OK, I can certainly help you with that, Miss Johns. I'll need to know the savings account number that you want to transfer to.
yeah, I have that right here. my savings account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
All right, thank you so much. And bear with my just a few moments while I get this pulled up for you. And I gotta type in a little bit of information. so we can get this transaction taken care of for you today.
Sure, that's no problem. How's the weather been where you are?
Oh, my goodness, Miss Johns. It is amazing, finally. It's been so, so hot. Like, unbearably hot. Like, as soon as you get into your vehicle, you're sweating, and it's morning time, hot.
Oh, no.
It's been insane. But now. It started to cool off. It definitely feels like a little more like fall outside. I mean, it isn't cool, per se, it's still hot. But it's nothing like it was. Not that muggy you can't stand it kind of heat. today was absolutely gorgeous. Nice breeze blowing and it's even better now. Now that the sun's gone down, it just feels amazing outside.
Oh, that's wonderful. Whereabouts are you?
in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Oh, very nice. I love it down there.
It is really pretty. I love living at the beach, that's for sure.
Yes.
How's the weather where you are?
it's been not too bad. it, you know. For the past couple of week it's been a little rocky, but the past couple of days it's evened out, and we're just trying to you know, maintain, get rid of all the excess water. And, you know.
Praying that no more of this rain comes. Comes pouring down on us.
Oh, my goodness. I just looked at your I was looking at your address and didn't dawn on my that you were right in the middle of all that terrible rain. I'm so sorry to hear that.
Yes.
Yeah, it's been. It's been quite a lot going on. But hopefully we'll get that good weather you guys are having down there soon.
Yeah. It's it's insane how global warming has just really taken over.
Yes.
And you know, we knew about this. Nothing was done. And here we are, really paying for it. And you see it everywhere, right? It's just.
Yep, it doesn't look good.
Yeah. I mean, what about that volcano that just happened recently in, I think it was Spain?
Yeah, I can't believe that. I. I was watching that on the news, and just beside myself. I can't believe that that. I mean, it. And it still. It still looks like it was burning, last time I saw.
It's so sad.
It's. It's really, really sad.
Well, so sorry, got completely off subject, here.
No worries.
how much. the dollar amount, I'm sorry. How much would you like to transfer into your savings?
Oh, three thousand, even.
OK, three thousand and no change. All right. Let me go ahead and take care of that for you. Bear with me just a few moments.
Sure.
All right, Miss Johns. Looks like I've got this taken care of for you. And I just send a confirmation to your email.
OK, thank you. Hey, let me ask you. what are the hours at the at the. What are the lobby hours at the branch you're at?
the lobby hours here are from nine a.m. to five p.m..
Oh, I guess probably I should ask you better, what are the hours at my local branch, near me in Penn. In Philadelphia.
Yes. let's see here. Bear with me just a moment. Let me pull up your location. OK, your branch hours are exactly the same as ours. It's nine a.m. Monday to Friday to five p.m.. And then on Saturday, we're open from nine a.m. to twelve p.m.. and then. What else did you want to know? I'm sorry.
That's what I meant to say.
the ATM hours as well, there. you know, some of them are twenty-four hours, but some of them are inside a building. So I was just wondering if, you know. The one near me is. Is twenty-four hours.
the one near you is inside a building. And it looks like those hours are exactly the same as the banking hours. Nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then nine a.m. to twelve p.m. on Saturday. Closed on Sunday.
I see.
Yes, ma'am.
OK.
OK, well thank you so much, I appreciate that.
Oh, you're so welcome, Miss Johns.
And I see I
Did receive the email confirmation, so looks like we're all set.
Fantastic. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thank you so much.
It's been a pleasure speaking to you and helping you out today. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your week. And thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jennifer. How may I help you?
Hello. I'm calling to locate a ATM near me and dispute a transaction.
OK. Can I have your first and last name?
Magic Love.
Magic Love? That's a unique name. All right. Can I have your date of birth?
Nine two three, nineteen eighty-three.
All righty. September twenty-third. All right. And your account number, please?
Account number two six four, oh seven, three two.
OK, Mister Love. And for your security code, what is the name of the street you grew up on?
Sixty-third Street.
OK. Thank you. And you stated that you would like to locate an ATM?
Yes, please.
OK. Can I have your street address where you are inquiring?
Two six eight, southwest thirty-fourth Street.
And the city and state?
Hot Springs, South Virginia.
OK. And the ZIP code, please?
Nine seven, four six eight.
OK. All right and I do see that there are several locations or several ATMs near your location. would you like for me to share these locations with you?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. So I do see that there is an ATM located on fifty-third Avenue. that one is about point nine miles away from you. are you familiar with where fifty-third Avenue is?
No, ma'am. But I have the GPS.
OK. You can just type in fifty-third Avenue on your GPS and you will see it. you will see the ATM there located. I'm sorry, I was having some system errors. OK. And I also see that there is an ATM at the bank at this bank here the the the bank of High Dollars. and that bank is located about one point three miles away from you on twenty-second East Boulevard. Are you aware of that location? The High Gollars bank?
No, ma'am.
Nope? Never heard of it? OK. Yep. It's on twenty-second East Boulevard, and that is the bank of High Dollars. if you'd like to search that location one point three miles away from you. and there is a dollar ninety-nine fee there. Convenient fee at that location. I'm not sure if that's OK for the ATM fee. I know sometimes you can find locations that are free for that charge. but at this location, there is a fee of one one dollar and ninety-nine cents. OK. But would you like further information about how to find ATMs in your location using our online banking tool?
Yes, please. And do those ATM locations accept cash deposits?
yes, they do. And our online banking tool is very simple. you can go on our website Banks dot org. And just create your account. at the top, you will see a space to login. You can create your account. You'll need your account number, your credit card number and your first and last name. Also your birthdate and your security answer, and you should you should be able to create your online banking and then, it'll show you where there are ATMs located in your area if you put in your ZIP code or your address. there will be a list of ATMs, a list of our branches and our branch hours. and also there is a daily limit on our ATMs. a daily limit of five hundred dollars at all Banks OK?
OK.
OK. And you did also state that you would like to dispute a transaction. Is this correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. And can I have the credit card number connected to the transaction you are disputing?
I don't have that.
OK, what about your account number?
I don't have that either.
OK. I do apologize, but in order to dispute a transaction I will have to either have your account number or a credit card number associated with the account that you would like to dispute. Is there anything else I can help you with?
OK. I think I can find my card number.
OK. Yes, sir. And whenever you're ready, you can just give that number to me.
OK. Five eight three five, three five two zero, three nine, four two. Four nine, two eight.
OK. Thank you. And the dollar amount of the transaction in question?
Seven hundred and thirty-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents.
OK. And the date that this occurred?
September ninth.
OK. And last, what is the reason for the dispute?
I did not purchase this.
OK. Has anyone else had access to your account?
No.
I see that the business is Subway located in Jackson, North Carolina. Do you recognize this business?
No, I don't live in Virginia.
I'm sorry?
No, I don't. I'm in Virginia.
Oh, OK. You're in Virginia. does this transaction have a membership fee?
No, this is the only one.
OK. So we will do a transaction investigation that will take five to seven business days. During that time, we will lock the card to avoid any further fraudulent transactions.
OK, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jennifer. Have a great day.
You too. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Lori how may I help you?
Hi, yes I'm calling because I need to know if you can help me find A T M that's near my location?
Absolutely ma'am. What is your street address?
It is fifteen oh one northeast thirty-fourth court. In Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Three three three three four.
Ooh sunny South Florida. Lucky you, how's the weather there today?
It's actually very very warm and I was hoping to find a cold state cause we are getting ready to go on vacation, I just have no idea where I wanna to go.
Oh, well we're over here in South Dakota and it's is mighty chilly.
Really? It it a nice place to vacation? I mean I do have kids so is there stuff that that they might be able to do, and not just sit around and be watching watching TV?
Oh absolutely there's lots of things to do here in South Dakota! lots of kid-friendly things. It's a very family-oriented place to be.
Awesome, I guess maybe I'll look it up and see what's there and maybe I'll see you there one day.
Sounds great. Well back to your finding an ATM. I do see by your location that I have several ATMs in that area. We have one at our branch location that is two miles away. At twenty-one two North Palm Road. Then I have another one a bit further out at three and a half miles at fourteen twenty-one East Oakwood Plaza.
Oh, OK. well I do have a question. I appreciate those and yes they are close to me, but is there anyway you either have something closer? Can I or can I use my card at a different bank, as I do apologize I don't have a car at the moment it kinda broke down and I'm a single mother of a two year old and a five year old, and I don't have a lot of extra cash to try to fix the car right now.
I understand ma'am well there are several ATMs that are in your area. That you can go to at another branch, or banking location that is not associated with Intellibank, but there is a small fee associated with that.
And what is the fee?
The fee would be three dollars to use the machine.
OK, well could you maybe give me one or two locations and then I can always decide from there, because like I said I don't have a vehicle and I'll either have to walk or take a bus to get there.
Absolutely ma'am I see here that within a half a mile from your location there is a self standing ATM machine in the plaza at fourteen twenty-two East Pineway. Is that close enough or would you like me to keep looking for you?
actually that's right around the corner, but let me just double check with the address and make sure I got it correctly. It is fourteen twenty-two East Pineway.
Yes ma'am would you like the zipcode?
sure and if while you're at it if you can also please give me the phone number, just in case I get lost.
Not a problem ma'am the zipcode there is three three three three four.
OK.
And the phone number to that location is nine five four seven seven six zero one one one.
That was nine five four seven seven six I'm sorry I didn't catch the last four.
Zero one one one.
OK, thank you and So I found the multiples. Oh I do apologize it's been a long day, is it possible you could tell me the daily withdrawal limit? and if I'm able to deposit cash into the ATM up to like what amount or do I have to actually go to a branch to do it?
Sure Well we have a five hundred dollar withdrawal limit at all of our ATMs. There is no limit on deposits you can deposit as much money as you'd like at any time. And I'm sorry did I miss something?
Honestly I'm so tired I don't even remember what I asked, but oh no you did the ATM did the withdrawal limit and the deposits it's OK. Honestly it probably wasn't that important if it was I would've remembered. Ugh.
And just so you know you can always find a list of all our ATMs at our banks website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com.
OK oh so you said I can get a list of ATMs on the website?
Yes ma'am.
Oh that's awesome because honestly I will look at this piece of paper I wrote the information you gave me on, and I'll probably lose it knowing me or my kids will spill something on it, or tear it apart and it'll be worthless. So if I can actually go on my phone and look it up that would be so much easier, and better for me I so thank you for everything.
Oh absolutely ma'am I totally understand. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually no, you did everything I do ask one last quick question though. Is there a survey that will I can do to tell them how great of a job that you have done throughout this whole conversation.
Oh, I do appreciate that ma'am, but no at this time we are not offering any surveys.
OK, well you know what you take my number and give it to your boss, and you tell them I would like to speak with them, and tell them what a great job that you did.
Well thank you very much, and again my name is Lori. Did you need anything else today?
Nope. That was it. Thank you very much ma'am.
You have a great day.
You too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Ben, how can I help you today?
yes, this is Will Preston, and I need to locate a close ATM.
Absolutely, Mr. Preston, I can help you with that. Where exactly are you wanting to find the ATM at?
I live at six seventy-one Redwood Road Fishers Indiana four six oh three seven.
All right, I've got that pulled up and it looks like the closest ATM to you is actually gonna be about thirty-five miles away, would you like the address for that?
Thirty-five miles? No, that's too far away. I don't like that at all.
I do apologize for that, it looks like you are in one of our developing areas and we have not got any ATMs any closer to you. Is there anything else I can help you with that you were needing the ATM for?
Well I need to make some cash deposits.
I see well yes that will certainly be a an inconvenience. Well, we do have a branch office that just opened up near you. It's about fifteen miles from your location it appears.
OK, that's better does it have an ATM located at the branch?
They don't sir, they only have the teller option.
OK. OK, I guess that would have to do.
Absolutely sir, well is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you check my checking account balance for me, please?
I absolutely can. Can you please verify your name for me?
It's Will Preston P R E S T O N.
All right, and your date of birth, please?
October ninth, nineteen ninety-seven.
Thank you, sir. And can I get the account number as it appears on your billing statement?
mm I don't have that info. in front of me.
All all right, Mr. Preston. Do you have your debit card on you by chance?
I do.
OK, I can look up your account that way if you would just provide me that sixteen digit number on the card.
Four four eight five eight two eight five zero one five seven. four six three zero.
All right, and just to confirm that's four four eight five eight two eight five zero one five seven. Four six three zero is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, thank you Mr. Preston. And if you can just answer the security question on your account for me which is the make of your first car.
A nineteen seventy-four Chervy Camero.
Yes that does verify. Thank you very much Mr. Preston. And you wanted to know the account balance for your checking account, is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
Absolutely, your account balance as of today is twenty-three dollars and ninety seven cents.
OK. Thank you.
Absolutely, Mr. Preston. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that would be it.
All right, well if you hang on the line there will be a brief survey for you to fill out. To let us know how your experience was today calling Intellibank customer service and if there's nothing else I can help you with, you have a pleasant evening.
All right. I apologize for getting aggrevated because there was no ATMs located close to me.
Oh that's absolutely all right, Mr. Preston. I understand that can be frustrating. And but we will be expanding our operations near to you in the near future. So rest assured there will be one nearby in the coming months.
All right, I appreciate it, thank you.
You too have a good night.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sarah, how may I assist you today?
Hi Sarah, how are you today?
I'm doing well, thank you so much for asking and yourself?
I'm well also. The reason I'm calling is to find out how to reset my password for online banking.
OK, not a problem. On the main page, on WWW dot Intellibank dot com, where it brings up where you type in your login information, right underneath where the password goes, there is a link that has or that says having trouble logging in. All you do is click that and then follow the next prompts and it will send you an email to be able that gives you the further instructions to be able to reset your password.
Thank you. I dropped my phone, it broke and I had to get new a new phone and I forgot all my passwords. Also, I have a charge on my credit card statement I didn't make. Can you help me?
Oh no, I am so sorry to hear that and I would be more than glad to look into that for you. Now, may I have your name and your date of birth?
Yes ma'am. Mildred Pierce. P I E R C E. And I was born February fourth two thousand. The last four of my social is five nine six oh.
OK Thank you so much for that information, Miss Pierce. Now, just to double-check, I do have your last name as P I E R C E? Your birthday is February the fourth two thousand and the last four of your social is five nine six zero?
Yes mam.
OK, great. Now may I have your maiden name please?
Yes, mam. My maiden name is Greene, G R E E N E. And my credit card number is eight five nine three seven nine five six oh two. Eight seven four five one five.
OK, thank you so much, Miss Peirce. The credit card number I have is eight five nine three seven nine five six zero two eight seven four five one five.
Yes, that's correct.
OK, thank you so much for that. Now, on your credit card statement, may I have the date and the amount of the transaction that you would like to dispute?
I August thirty first and the amount was one hundred and fifty dollars.
OK, that's the transaction on August thirty first for one hundred and fifty dollars?
Yes, mam.
Alright, and you said that you did not make this transaction, was that correct?
That's correct.
OK, now I do see a phone number on the statement, for the merchant. Have you tried calling them?
Yes, but I don't recognize this company.
OK, now is there anybody else that might have access to your account or do you have any kind of recurring subscriptions or fees, anything like that?
No mam. No one else has access and I have no subscriptions. What are the next steps to resolve this problem?
OK, what's going to happen is, I will forward this over to our fraud team and they will they will have or they will do an investigation. Now, in the meantime, we will freeze your card to prevent any more kind of fraudulent charges I am unable to say exactly how long it will take but it usually does get resolved in about two weeks and we will contact you when the investigation is complete. And just to double check, I I have your name as Mildred Peirce, your date of birth is February the fourth, two thousand, last four of your social five nine six zero, credit card number eight five nine three seven nine five six zero two eight seven four five one five and the transaction was the one on August the thirty first, for a hundred and fifty dollars. Was that correct?
Yes mam.
OK, I do have that, and I do have that forwarded to our fraud team. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No.
OK, well thank you so much Miss Peirce for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day!
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joshua speaking. How can I help you today?
Hi, I needed help with my to find out my account balances.
OK, great. Can I start off by having your first and last name?
Yeah. It's Susie Hernandez.
And to verify your account, can I get your date of birth?
it is four, twenty-two, nineteen forty-eight.
And then, can I also have your authentification number?
sorry. Excuse me. I don't have that number on me.
OK, no worries. We can verify your account with your debit card number, your account number, or your drivers license, or ID number.
I don't have my debit, but I I can remember my ID. it's four five, three six, one seven two.
OK. Again, that was four five, three six, one seven two. Is that correct?
Yes.
And what was the first name of your pet?
Princess.
OK. Your account's been verified. Now, what did you want to know about your accounts?
I need to find out the balance on on my card, because I had I lost my card and I need to find out if there's any transactions that were posted.
OK. And do you know the account where we're trying to access.
no, but I have. I know the last four of the card that got lost.
OK, and what is that?
four eight two three.
OK, great. So, it looks like there hasn't been any transactions on this account for the past week.
OK. OK, that's good.
OK, great. Did you just want us to report the card lost or stolen?
yeah. Go ahead, cuz I don't know if I'm gonna find it.
OK, great. Now, can you verify your mailing address for me?
Yeah. It's twenty-eight, forty-one, Mary Lou Lane. San Marcos, Texas. Seven eight, six six seven.
Again, that was twenty-eight, forty-one. Mary Lou Lane San Marcos, Texas. Seven eight, six six seven. Is that correct?
Yes.
Great. Now this will take three to five business days.
You're kidding. There's gotta be a faster solution for me.
Well, we do offer next day shipping. We understand that this is a very stressful thing. But that next day shipping is going to be twenty-four ninety-five.
That is absurd. Why should I have to pay a fee? No. You need to see if you can waive that. I'm not. No.
OK.
Can you give me a few seconds?
Yes.
OK.
Well, it looks here that your account is eligible to be upgraded to the premier account for free for the next six months.
I don't. Six months of free? No, I don't need No. It's not in the question. I just need the fee waived. I've been a customer long enough.
OK. Let me. Can you please hold for a few moments?
Hi, Susie?
Yes.
Hi. I spoke to my manager, and she said that we would be able to waive this fee for one time because of the history of your account and the type of customer that you've been with us.
OK. Good, that makes me happy.
Awesome. So, let me go ahead and finish processing this claim for you.
OK. Thank you.
OK. Is there anything else that I can do with you? I'm gonna give you this confirmation number for the for the card. It's going to be five one two.
Oh, hang on.
Hang on. Just a second. Let me grab a pen.
OK.
OK.
It's gonna be five one two.
Uh-huh.
Three three seven.
Uh-huh.
Seventy-eight.
Uh-huh.
Eighty-three.
Uh-huh.
The letter, A.
Uh-huh.
The letter, D.
OK.
And the number seven.
OK.
And you can utilize this number whenever you call the if you need to call back to see about the tracking on the card. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yeah. I need to wire some money.
OK. Great.
Now, where will you be wiring this money to?
It's a bank in New York.
OK. And what is the name of the bank?
It is Bank One.
OK, great. And then, do you have a routing number for this bank account?
Yes.
It's one one one four five six seven eight, nine zero.
OK. That was one one one four five six, seven eight nine zero.
Yes.
OK. And the account number?
It's gonna be lemme get the right on. Hold on. It's gonna be eight zero seven five four three two one four six.
That was eight zero, seven five, four three, two one, four six.
Yes.
And what city and state will will this be sending it to?
Manhattan, New York.
Manhattan, New York. And the ZIP code there?
Zero one one, two five.
Awesome.
OK. I've submitted that request. Now there's gonna be a one time charge of seventy-nine ninety-five for this wire transfer.
Since when do your wires get so expensive? OK. That's fine. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not gonna deal with this today.
Well, if
You did upgrade to the premier account that we were offering these, you would get free one free wire transfer a month. Would you like to upgrade to that account?
Not at this moment.
OK. Well, I'm finished processing your wire transfer request. Now, I'm waiting for the bank to verify. Can I ask how much the amount is gonna be for?
For fifteen hundred dollars.
OK. So, I've submitted the amount request as well. This will take up to three minutes to process. Would you like to place would you like me to place you on hold or would you like for me to stay on the line?
Hold is fine.
OK, please hold.
Intellibank. This is Jennifer.
Yeah this is Sam White.
Hi Sam. How could I help you today?
Oh Yeah I was wondering. I need to check my account.
Sure I'd be happy to help you with that.
Just need to get a little bit of information here from you. Can I please get your date of birth?
Yeah, that's June twelfth of eight nine.
Thank you. Your driver's license number?
Oh hold on a second let me Let me get my wallet.
Oh OK. Yeah here it is, man you have a lot of cards in this wallet, like seriously I I have cards from a tattoo parlor from a vacation like eight years ago.
That must of been a good one.
Yeah, craziest thing look at this. Oh here's my drivers. OK yeah sorry. It's seventy-six three ex ex as in X-ray nine nine seven one.
Thank you. you have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Do I?
Oh that's black.
Yes. That appears to be correct. can I please get the account number?
Yeah. It's my savings account. It's nine nine two seven nine.
Yes. That appears to be correct. OK. How can I help you with your savings account today?
OK. So here's the thing I was down over at the. What was that the lucky silver Yeah the lucky Silver. Anyways I got to talking to Bob and Frank and they were talking and stuff and anyways I go out to talking about like savings rates and interest rates and like inflation basically we got started on this and I'm kind of preparing for like an economic downfall or something I can't remember it was a long conversation but I'd like to close my savings account.
OK. Yep I can I can do that for you here.
That'd be great, Oh yeah, go ahead.
are you wishing to then just transfer the savings account balance into your checking account?
Yeah. That'd be fine. I'd be OK with that. How much is in there?
Your savings account shows a balance of two hundred thirty-nine dollars and eighty-six cents.
Yeah. Just transfer it all to the checking and I'll deal with it later.
OK. I can certainly do that for you here. Just give me one moment to make the transfer. OK. I have made the transfer. The transfer was successful. It will show that the funds have been transferred on your end in three to five business days and it'll show immediately that your savings account has been in fact closed.
All right that sounds good. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
not currently no.
OK. Well you have a great day and we'll talk to you soon.
Yeah you too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Casey Watkins. How can I help you?
Yes and my name is AJ and I'm trying to figure out where's the nearest branch in my area?
OK, AJ I can definitely help you out with that. just to let you know, this is call is being recorded on a secured line and for reference my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
OK.
now AJ can I please go ahead and get your full first and last name?
Yes, it's Arthur James Miller.
OK. and Mr. Miller what is the last digits I'm sorry the last four digits of your social security number?
Yes, it's five five two eight.
OK and what is your date of birth?
It is September twenty-fifth nineteen seventy-six.
OK, perfect. OK so I see that you do have a couple accounts with us and know that you have been a loyal customer of Intellibank so I do thank you for your your loyalty to us and I would definitely love to help you out with your query today. So, let's see here. I see the the home address that I have on file is. Are you looking for a branch near your home address or are you in a different location?
The home address. I actually wanna come in to talk about getting a mortgage. So I wanna see if I can come in personally and discuss that steps to get approved for buying a home.
OK, absolutely. yeah, we definitely have very qualified people to be able to help you out with that. let's see here. OK, so I do see that in Texas we we don't have as many branches as we do in our our home state of Florida, but it looks like. OK, so you're in Carrolton Texas, correct?
Yes.
OK, so I see that we have a branch in Garland. we also have a branch in Coppell and we have a branch in Plano. which one of those cities is closer to you?
Coppell. Coppell is close.
Coppell is close? OK. All right, so yes it does look like we have one branch in Coppell and it looks like it's off of looks like the George Bush Turnpike if you're familiar with that.
I am.
OK. OK, perfect. So I can if you have a pen, I can actually give you the specific address for the branch.
Do you have a pen handy?
Oh yes, I do.
OK. OK, perfect. all right, so look looks it looks like the address here is five one four.
Five one four.
Suite B.
OK, OK, suite B.
And that is on McArthur Boulevard.
OK, in Coppell?
Yes. In Coppell. Yes. And yes. And it looks like their hours today, because it's Friday, they extend their hours until six p.m. and so you should have somebody there to talk to up until six p.m. and then tomorrow Saturday they're open from nine a.m. to noon. of course they're closed on Sundays and then all of next week or at least Monday through Thursday they'll be open from nine to five and then again on Friday they'll have the extended hour till six.
All right, thank you for the information. it looks like I'm probably gonna call to probably set up an appointment cuz I wanna make sure that my wife's available as well.
Yes definitely. and I and I would definitely go ahead and call them to see if that's necessary because I know some of our branches due to the COVID restrictions are requiring appointments. Especially for things you know appointments like you were talking about with mortgages, not necessarily just deposits.
Yeah.
OK.
and so yeah I would probably give that branch a call to make sure because I'm not able to see on my end which branches are implementing those policies.
That makes a lot of sense.
so yeah and just to let you know our our current mortgage rates right now depending on credit checks obviously, we can do rates as low as three point two five. So if you were looking to either, you know, get a new mortgage or refinance we have those rates available. So so yeah definitely go in and talk to somebody because we we can be very competitive as far as the mortgage rates.
OK, I appreciate that information. It helps out so much.
Yeah, absolutely. And did you have any other questions for me today?
No, no, you've helped me tremendously. You gave me a location that's nearby me. I can actually now when I get off the phone with you, call to set up an appointment. I was going to do that anyway. You just kinda confirmed why I need to do that instead of just showing up. And no, you were very thorough, helpful and I'm hoping they give you a raise as they listen to this call.
Well, thank you. oh yeah and actually well let me go ahead and give you their phone number as well so you don't have to worry about looking that up.
Oh wow.
It is it's nine seven two.
Nine seven two.
Six four five.
Six four five.
Seven thousand.
Seven zero zero zero.
Yes sir.
Thank you.
OK, no problem. All right, I thank you for calling Intellibank today and I hope you have a great weekend.
You too. Thank you.
Hello, this is Jim at Intellibank where banking is better for you. How can I help you?
Hi, this is Sally Rogers, I spoke with you a little earlier about ordering a new debit card. but I forgot when I was on the phone with you, I have one more thing that I need.
Oh I I remember you Sally. So what can I help you with?
Well I need to get a balance on my checking account.
Well OK. So Sally, what we'll need again is either Do you have your account number?
I do. I have it on my check, let me get it for you. OK my account number is five four six three eight zero zero.
OK Sally. And I need to also know know what your date of birth is.
My date of birth is eleven four nineteen eighty-four.
OK and what is your driver's license number?
driver's license, hold on just a second let me run and get my wallet.
OK.
OK, here it is. All right, driver's license number is. And this is in Nebraska and it's three two six four three seven zero two one.
OK, I think I have your account number here and it's asking for mothers maiden name.
Phillips.
OK. OK, and is this a checking or a savings?
This is the checking account.
OK. So it looks like your checking balance in this account is two thousand one hundred and four dollars.
OK, and has everything cleared up until this moment does it look like?
Well, let me look. It'll take me just a second.
OK.
I haven't done any transactions on that anything since the fourteenth.
OK. So it looks like it it has. Everything has cleared on this account.
No activity after the fourteenth?
No.
OK.
Mm. now would you like another account balance?
I. Yes actually I do. I wanna get my savings but I don't know that number.
OK, well I have your social here so give me a second and I can pull it up.
You need my social or you have it?
I have it you gave it to me earlier, and I wrote it down. So it'll be just a second, I gotta type it in here.
OK I, I got it, and so you said you wanna. The account balance for what account again?
It's my savings account.
OK, so it looks like the savings has four thousand dollars in it.
OK. All right, that's what I need to know.
Sally have, have you ever heard of our banking on the net?
You know I have heard of banking on the net, I'm really not by a computer very often. Now if you guys had an app where I could put it on my phone, that would be great.
Well we actually do. The the banking on the net comes well you can do it on the computer or you can do it with an app right on your.
Oh.
OK.
Right on your phone so what you'd have to do is you'd have to go to your app store. Look for Intellibank. Banking on the net.
Mhm.
Download it, and shouldn't take very long at all. and and then it'll take twenty-four hours to actually update.
Mhm.
OK.
And then you can look at all your information right on the banking on the net.
Oh well that's helpful. I just didn't wanna do the online banking because I'm just not by a computer very much, but I have my phone with me almost all the time so I'll check into that. So I will do that. tell you what, I am about to freeze. I can't decide if this weather's gonna turn hot, turn cold. You know, wake up in the morning and it's you know I put on long you know heavy clothes and then by the evening I'm sweating to death but right now it got to freeze.
I I know it. This morning it was forty-two this morning. Can you believe that?
No, it's crazy, but by afternoon it's gonna be probably sixty-five or seventy.
Well yeah, I think they said it's actually supposed to be about eighty degrees.
That's crazy.
Well, if you want you can come into the branch cuz I actually need you to sign a form for the banking on the net. or you can go online at Intellibank dot com and you can find the button that says banking on the net, click on it. It will ask you some information and then you can get the banking on the net through the internet like that. Just whichever is more convenient for you.
So I still have to do banking on the net even if I get the app on my phone?
Well no, but if you if you wanna go ahead and get it on your phone you still need to go ahead and and go into that and open it up and then you can get the app.
Oh OK, I didn't realize that. OK, well when I have time I might look into it. If not I'll just talk to somebody the next I'm in making a deposit.
OK Sally. Well is there anything else I can do for you?
Actually you know what, I was thinking there is. I have changed my email address and I don't think I gave it to you all.
OK well go ahead and it give it to me and then I can input it.
All right so it's Sally R forty-three at Gmail dot com.
OK I've got it, and I am the person that can enter that for you. And I'll put it on your record and it will show updated by tomorrow.
All right, thanks a bunch.
You're welcome. Anytime I can help Sally you just give me a call. Have a great day.
Thanks.
Bye.
Hello. Welcome to Intellibank customer service. My name is Mike. What can I do for you today?
Hello. I'm calling again because I previously got a noticed in the mail regarding my account.
The last person. The last agent I was talking to said the issue had been resolved but I'm still receiving this notices in the mail.
Is there an issue with my account and is it possible to stop receiving letters in the mail.
Yes, sir. I remember that you had called in before. You you were also asking about online banking. Correct?
Yes. We did talk about it.
so Intellibank actually has an app which allows you to receive notifications of any problems associated with your accounts directly to your smartphone. Are you familiar with the app?
Well, we talked about it before. I haven't downloaded it yet.
I mean sort of. I need to create a separate log in and I just haven't made an effort.
yes, sir. An independent account login must be created for the app itself and it takes about three or five business days for the bank accounts to be linked in the app.
And if you like, I you can disable receive physical notices of account info under the options menu.
Oh, OK. Well, I have to try that out sometime soon
But here, let me pull up your account so I can see if there's an account issue, if any. may I have your account ID please?
Yes six two six nine six eight seven five six zero.
Thank you.
Before we proceed, I just need to verify some information for the security of the account.
What is your full name, sir?
my first and last name, James Walker.
And your date of birth please?
boy. November first nineteen sixty.
And for your security question, what is your mother's maiden name?
Well, that was Jeffreys.
Thank you for verifying your information. what type of bank account would you are you inquiring about?
Well the I think it this is the notice is related to my savings.
OK and what is the number of that account?
OK again that is six two six nine six eight seven five six zero.
OK. One moment, sir.
so the balance of your savings account is five thousand and seventy-six dollars and ninety-three cents. Does this seem correct?
let me see. wait, I wrote a couple of checks four five. That's about right. I mean, I would have to kinda sit down and verify to the exact penny but that's pretty close.
OK. I don't see any issues with this account. Would you like to check the balance of another account?
Well yeah and we probably gonna look for issues there in case we're not looking in the right spot, I mean, because these notices keep coming.
So yes let's check the balance and while you're doing it please take a look to see if there's any indication or notice on in of some sort of issue. Whatever.
Yes, sir, and what is the account number of your of your checking account?
Well that. That account, I opened it later. So the number that'll begin with six too. It's eight three nine four six.
Wait. These numbers are small.
three three four nine one.
Does that look right? I mean, does that. You see that?
Yes, sir. I see your checking account and the balance of your checking account is one thousand dollars and fifty-two cents. Does does that seem correct to you, sir?
Oh boy yes it does.
OK. I don't see any issues with this account either.
everything looks good on my end. If you'd like, I can escalate the receiving of physical letters in the mail to my manager, my supervisor, and I can prevent those or prevent you from receiving physical notices and you can receive in email form, if you'd like, sir?
no. let me get one of my kids to just help me get going on this downloading the app if that's what you call it and it's it's. OK cool. That's what I'll do.
Is there anything else I can do for you today, sir?
No, no. That's it. That's it. I mean, besides stop sending mail, but that's fine. We'll get that settled.
Sorry, I have to be funny.
K, bye bye.
Goodbye, sir.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank customer support. My name is Scott. How may I help you today?
yes. I got a noticed in the mail for my saving account that I just set up and it looks like I'm being charged a fee each month. kinda looks like I I don't know why but
OK. Well, I can certainly help you get that sorted out. can I go ahead and have your name, please?
my name is Roland Newton.
N E W T O N.
My birthday is January twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-one and the account number of the savings that I'm checking on is four one four seven nine four oh three nine four.
All right, Mr. Newton. Let me get that information pulled up real quick.
OK and I got your account pulled up here and it looks like that savings account was just set up last month.
with an initial deposit of five hundred dollars and yes I see that there was a a five dollar maintenance fee and the reason that is is because that account has a one thousand dollar minimum balance at the end of every month to avoid that five dollar maintenance fee.
You mean I've got to pay money to have a savings account?
That that. That savings account is paying only point one fifteen percent interest a year so I'm actually losing money even if I had a thousand dollars in there.
I I had to pull out some money so that doesn't make any sense.
yes, Mr. Newton. Unfortunately on that type of savings account without the the minimum balance at the end of every month, we do charge a five dollar maintenance fee for holding that money in that account for you.
Well that surely doesn't sound like a savings account to me. I'm not saving anything I just like for you to cancel that account and and I've got a checking account that I would like for you to put my money into.
All right. Well, I'm sorry to hear that Mr. Newton. but I can certainly go ahead and close that account out if that's what you would like to do.
or I can try and find maybe another account option that would work for you here at Intellibank?
No, just. Let's just. Let's just get my money out of there.
All right, Mr. Newton. Let's go ahead and if you could give me the answer to the security question of your accounts. Looks like the question you set up is your mother's maiden name.
Frederick.
All right now I've got that verified for you. If you could go ahead and verify the number on the savings account for me, please.
Four eight one one eight two eight four five one.
All right and can I go ahead and have you verify your driver's license number for me Mr. Roland?
Let me get my driver's license out of my pocket.
Here it is. Six U one T S M G D seven zero one D.
All right and I'll read that back just to make sure I got that correct. That's six U one T as in Tom S as in Sam. M as in Martha. G as in good D as David seven zero one D as in David. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct.
All right, Mr. Newton and how would you like to handle the the remaining balance in this account that we're closing today?
let's putting it. Put that into my checking account.
Absolutely, ready to get that setup to transfer to your checking account. Can I have the account number for that checking?
Four eight three eight nine. One two four eight six.
All right. That's four eight three eight nine one two four eight six. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct.
All right. Thank you for that and if I can get the routing number on that account, please.
One nine zero seven seven six two two six.
All right and just to verify that's one nine zero seven seven six two two six. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, Mr. Newton. I will go ahead and process that transfer and get this account closed out now, just to make you aware that it is the end of the month now. this should not charge you another fee but you may still get another later in the mail as those are generally processed a couple of days ahead of time.
OK. I certainly hope I don't get hit with more fees.
Absolutely. You you should not get hit with anymore fees onto your savings account as it will be marked closed. and you should see the full balance of four hundred and ninety five dollars transferred and available into that checking account that you provided.
it should be available at the end of the business day today after thing is ran. if you don't see it within forty-eight hours, please give us a call back and we will figure out why it has not made that transfer yet.
OK. I appreciate it. Hey, how's the weather up there?
Oh, the weather up where I am has been pretty miserable lately to be completely honest. It's it's pretty cold up here.
Wow.
It's been hot down here in in the eighties.
Now wow. That's I wish we could get that up here for a change. Huh.
Yeah.
All right. Mr. Newton, well if there. Anything else I can help you with today?
I think that's it.
All right. Well, if you'll hang on the line for me there will be a survey for you to let us know how your experience was calling Intellibank and if there's nothing else I'll let you enjoy the rest of your evening.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a good night.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Julia. How may I help you today?
Hi, Julia. How are you today? It sure is a beautiful day.
Yes, ma'am. It sure is. I'm so glad for this cool weather. And also I'm doing wonderful. How about yourself?
So far, so good.
That's great. I'm glad to hear that. And what can I help you with today?
I would like to check my checking account balance, please.
Absolutely. I'd be more than happy to check that for you.
Now to start off with, I do need a little bit of information. May I have your name, please?
Mildred Pierce.
P I E R C E.
OK. I have Mildred Pierce, P I E R C E?
Yes.
OK. And Ms. Pierce, may I have your date of birth?
February the fourth two thousand.
And the last four of my social is five nine six oh.
OK. Thank you for that Ms. Pierce.
I have your date of birth as February the fourth two thousand and the last four of your social at five nine six zero.
Yes, ma'am.
OK, and I do have a security question on file for you. May I have your maiden name please?
Greene, G R E E N E.
All right. Thank you so much for that. Now what is the account number that you would like to check the balance for?
The number is zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK, I have zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
Was that correct, ma'am?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Great. Thank you so much. I'm showing your balance is eight hundred thirty-five dollars and three cents.
That's that's correct. OK.
OK. So eight thirty-five oh three. And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, yes. I went to town earlier to have lunch with my friend and I stopped at the store on the way home. When I tried to check out, I couldn't find my credit card.
I've looked everywhere and cannot find it.
I need to report it as lost.
Oh no! I am so sorry that happened to you Miss Pierce and I will be glad to help you out with that.
may I please have your credit card number?
Yes, ma'am. It's eight five nine three seven seven five six oh two eight seven nine five one five.
OK. I have eight five nine three seven seven five six zero two eight seven nine five one five.
Yes.
OK. Thank you so much. And what date was it lost?
I haven't used it since September the twenty-fifth.
OK. September the twenty-fifth. And where did you last use it?
We went to dinner at the new sea seafood place on the Turtle River road on Jekyll Island. I can't remember the name of the restaurant.
Oh that's not a problem whatsoever, Ms. Pierce .
Let's see. I'm pulling up your transaction record. Give me just one moment, OK?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, Ms. Pierce.
This is good information. The last transaction that I am seeing was on September the twenty-fifth at a place called Shrimp and Grits. Does that sound correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. That is wonderful.
I'm glad no one else has found it and used it.
What'll I need to do to cancel the card and get a new one?
I would be more than happy to do that for you now. what is a good address that you would like me to send the new card to?
Three oh two Glynn Avenue, Brunswick, Georgia.
OK. That's three zero two Glynn Avenue G L Y N N Avenue in Brunswick, Georgia.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Thank you so much again for that information.
And Ms. Pierce, I do have your original canceled and you should receive your new card in the mail within about five to seven business days. If you do not receive it just make sure and let us know immediately so we can resolve that problem. OK?
Yes.
OK, wonderful. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.
All right. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Again, my name is Julia. And have a wonderful day.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Cassie, what can I do for you today?
Hi Cassie, my name is Ernest. I've have a pretty large question. I need to know a bank location near my wife, Downtown Salt Lake City. As well as a balance inquiry, if I could please.
OK, sure. I can totally handle that for you. I've got a few bank locations Downtown Salt Lake so would you mind where exactly is she, if you know?
I believe she's at ninth and ninth.
Downtown Salt Lake City.
OK. so I've got a location closest to her it's going to be three hundred west north temple. Salt Lake City. So that should be just a few blocks away.
OK, thanks. That's. Ew that will put her walking past the hippies at the park. She's gonna love that.
Are there hippies at the park today?
There's always hippies at Liberty Park in Salt Lake City.
I had no idea. That is interesting. Maybe I'm. I might have to go down and check that out. Anyways,
Balance sir.
Now on to your account balance. can you verify a few pieces of information for me?
Absolutely.
I need let's see Ernest what is your last name?
Wharl.
Can you spell that for me?
It's W H A R L.
And your date of birth?
Is March seventeenth seventy-nine.
Nineteen seventy-nine. can you verify your credit card or debit card number for me?
Sure. just one second I gotta get it out of my wallet.
Take your time.
Hippies. My wife's not gonna like the hippies.
I'm interested to see if if there really are hippies down there.
Believe me there is.
OK, here you go. Here's my credit card number. two six three four five four four one.
OK.
Three six two eight.
Five four three three.
Could you repeat. I'm sorry. I I got two six three four five five four one, what was the next four?
three six oh. I'm sorry, this is wrong card. I've gotta grab my other card.
Oh OK.
OK, no problem.
My debit card number is five four two one.
Six three five three.
Four seven seven one.
Six three five four.
OK. I'm just gonna read this back to you to make sure I have this right. five four two one. Six three five three. Four seven seven one. Six three five four. Is that right?
I hope so.
OK. Ernest, I just need a few more pieces here of information What is your mother's maiden name? For your security question.
It's Schultz.
And are we looking at the checking or savings today?
Let's see, I'm a might as well require both. Please, the checking and the savings.
Sure.
I can definitely do that. Can you give me the account number to this checking?
Let's see, checking is two one four six three five seven.
OK. All right, so I've got your checking account pulled up and it looks like you have a balance of two hundred and sixteen dollars and eighteen cents.
That's not gonna be enough to cover the tow truck though.
You better make a transfer.
OK. From your savings?
Yes ma'am.
OK. can I get the account number for the savings?
It's nine seven three six.
One two two five.
OK, so your balance in your checking is at two thousand eighty-two dollars even. So how much would you like to transfer to your checking?
These tow truck drivers are animals so I'll. We better do half.
OK, half it is, no problem. So that comes out to one thousand forty-one dollars. Correct?
I hope that's enough.
I hope it as well. That would be a large bill. Give me just one second to put this in and get a confirmation.
Expired meter, that's what it was about. An expired meter.
An expired meter is going to run a thousand dollar tow truck bill?
Just to pull it back to my house.
Oh my.
That's crazy.
Yes.
That's crazy.
Let's see here. Just give me one second, I can give you an updated account balance.
Thank you.
I can see it now. If my wife is abducted by the hippies in the end, would you like to go out and get a cup of coffee sometime?
That is very kind of you, thank you. Maybe if your wife gets abducted by the hippies, but I don't see that happening.
Hippies are crazy.
Anyway Ernest, I've got your updated account balance here. It's twelve hundred and fifty-seven dollars and eighteen cents. That's in your checking. And that also that dropped your savings account balance to one thousand forty-one dollars even. OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today Ernest?
no, I think that'll that'll be plenty. Thank you for your help. You've been extremely helpful.
Thank you for calling into the branch today. If there's anything else we can do please let us know and have a great day.
You too. Thanks.
Good afternoon, welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose my name is Kim and I am calling to check my account balance please.
Sure I can certainly help you with that. Just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your account. I know you said your first name is Kim, and what is your last name?
It's Johns it's J O H N S.
Thank you Miss Johns, and I need your date of birth?
Sure that's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much and your security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
her name her maiden name is Murphy.
Thank you so much, and the type of bank account that you need me to check?
that's my checking account.
All right. And can you please give me your checking account number.
sure, let me see here.
Actually I think I might have left it downstairs in my purse. can you hold on for one moment for me Rose?
I certainly can. Take your time.
Thank you.
OK I I can't find my account number. I, I swear I just had it I'm so irritated. I have been a customer with you guys for a long time I'm you know I don't know why we always have to go through all this information. Is there anything else that we could you know look up to potentially look at my, my account balance? I really need it.
I certainly understand your frustration Miss Johns. The reason we have to ask these questions every time you call in is to safeguard your account and protect your identity and also protect against fraud. You you wouldn't even know how many people call in with fake information trying to steal from people but, either way I completely understand and we do have a work around. If you could just provide me with your social security number?
yes that's one seven three seven three nine five zero two.
Oh, thank you so much. This is perfect. I can. I got your account up right now. OK so we were checking your balance. Your balance is six hundred dollars and twenty seven cents.
OK. OK thank you.
Miss Johns I just wanted to ask you if you would like any further information about online banking so that you can check check your account in the future a lot easier? A lot more easily? Excuse me.
Sure. Yeah that sounds good, thank you.
OK so, what you would need to do is go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And at the top right hand side of the corner of the page there is a little hamburger menu. You click on that and click on bank balance and you just type in your account number, your PIN and it will pull up your balance right away. Real simple. And then you won't have to go through the frustration of having to call in and remember your number and all of those things in the future.
Oh OK.
OK thank you so much I really do appreciate your help.
You are very welcome. And is there any other accounts that I can check for you? Do you need anything else today?
no I think you've taken care of everything. Thank you so much for your help I really appreciate it.
All right you're very welcome Miss Johns and as a part of our Intellibank family we'd like to let you know that we're very happy with your loyalty and your business and appreciate you taking the time to bank with us. And I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your day today.
Thank you too.
All right you have a good weekend.
Bye bye.
Bye.
This is on average. It should be between.
Welcome to Intellibank. How may I help you?
Hi, I'm calling to get my account balance.
Oh OK. Can I have your first and last name please?
Sure. It's Sunshine Hankie. H A N K I E.
I'm sorry. Can you repeat your first name?
Sunshine.
And would you spell it please?
S U N S H I N E.
Thank you. All right. Are you calling about a checking or a savings account today?
I'm calling about both.
OK and can you give me your security ID number?
R R five nine four one one zero.
And is that a an ID or driver's license?
Driver's license.
Thank you. Now I also need the answer to your security question. It could be your mother's maiden name?
Bean. B E A N.
OK. Thank you.
And which type of account would you like to check first?
Checking.
And do you have that number?
Six five two eight zero one one.
OK give me just a moment to check that please. OK. On that account I have a balance of five hundred and fifty dollars and twenty-five cents. Does that sound right to you?
I think so.
OK. And did you still want your other account balance?
Yes. Let me put you on hold a second while I look up that account.
Thank you.
OK I'm back. The account number is five five zero one one eight zero.
Could you repeat that one more time? I'm sorry.
Five five zero one eight one zero.
OK. Just a moment and I'll look that up for you.
Thank you.
How's the weather out there where you're at?
Oh.
It's nice here. where are you located?
In Ohio. It's quite chilly.
I'm sorry. Florida's nice this time of year.
That's nice. I've never been to Florida.
Well you should visit sometime. It looks like I have an account balance of two hundred dollars for your savings. Does that sound OK to you?
Yes it does.
OK. Is there any other accounts that you wanted to check?
No, I don't have any other accounts but I do wanna learn about some online banking, other options to look up my accounts.
OK.
OK. Other ways to check your account balance?
Yes.
OK. So one way you could check your account balance is always at an ATM. if our ATMs don't charge a fee for that so if you use an Intellibank ATM you will be able to get your balance for free on both accounts. Online banking is on the Intellibank dot com website and you can sign up using either of your account numbers and your personal information and it will give you a username and a password and you will be able to log in and check it that way. Have you ever been to our website?
Not yet.
OK. Well, is that something you think you would like to do?
Yes and also do you have bill pay on there?
Yes, there is bill pay on the online banking. Once you set it up it it's a tab at the top of the page that says online banking and then it'll have your account tabs and then bill pay.
OK.
And that let's you set up automatic bill pay or one time payments to different a companies or you can send it to family and friends.
Would I be able to change my account balance if I needed to move money to my savings?
You can transfer funds. Yes, back and forth between your accounts and if you add an an additional bank account from another bank an external bank, you can transfer funds from that bank as well.
OK.
How does that sound?
Sounds good.
OK. Another way that you can check your account balance is by coming into the branch and asking the teller to give you a copy of your account statements.
OK. Do they need an ID or anything for that?
Yes. You will need your ID and your account numbers.
OK.
Yeah.
Will I have to know my security question by chance? Just in case I forget it?
Yes. I would take it with you.
OK.
And make sure that you have that just in case they wanna check your identity. It's just for your safety.
OK. Well, is there anyway you could move some money around for me before we hang up?
Sure, I can make a transfer. Which way do you want? From your checking to your savings or your savings to your checking?
My.
Checking to my savings.
OK and how much would you like to transfer?
Two hundred.
OK. Just a moment. OK, so did you do you want your your new balances before we hang up?
No. I know them.
OK. So the transfer went through and is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I don't think so.
All right. Well thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a good day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Pat speaking. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
hi Pat. my name is Suzy Bowen. And I'm calling today because well me and my fiance we are moving to Italy and I need to close my account.
Awesome. What part of Italy are you moving to?
We are moving to Naples.
That's great. I'm sorry to lose you as a customer. but I'm happy to hear you're moving to Italy. I'd love to visit there.
Well we so we just opened a joint account together. We're gonna get actually get married in April. we're gonna stay there. He wants to be a fisherman. Can you believe that?
Nice.
Yeah I don't know how well we're gonna do it that but Napels is a fishing port so we'll see. Anyways so excited. I can't wait. all the pizza and spaghetti. so excited.
Pizza's my favorite.
I've visited once before and they have the best brick oven pizza you could imagine. And they put buffalo mozzarella on them.
Now you're just making me hungry.
All right so what's your date of birth?
it is August fifteenth nineteen eighty.
OK. And what is your account number?
six seven five four. eight three zero zero two.
All right Ms. Bowen and what is your high school mascot?
tiger.
All right so we're just gonna close this account and where are we sending the money to?
oh oh before we do that I do need to ask you. What's that balance right now?
The balance is nine hundred eighty-three dollars and fifty-eight cents.
OK yeah, I'm just gonna go ahead and I wanna can I get a cashier's check for part of that and have it mailed to me?
Sure. D you want it mailed to the address we have now or your new Naples?
I need it we're not leaving for about three more weeks so I just need it mailed to my current address.
OK and how much did you need the cashier check for?
five hundred and then we're gonna transfer the rest to my new joint account.
And who would you like the cashier's check made out to?
me. Suzy Bowen.
OK so five hundred on a cashier's check made to Suzy Bowen. And what is the name of the bank that we're sending the remaining four hundred eighty-three dollars and fifty-eight cents to?
hold on a second I need to. Baby, what bank was that? Nation's Bank. Sorry about that.
That's all right. And what is the account number?
Account number is four seven five three six nine zero zero one.
And the routing number for the deposit.
routing number is five oh seven three five nine six five three.
All right so we're doing five hundred dollars in a cashier's check. The remaining balance of four hundred eighty-three dollars and fifty-eight cents is being transferred to Nation's Bank. and you will have the cashier's check in the next three to five business days there at the home address we have on file. Which can you verify that address for me just so I make sure I sending it to the right place.
Oh yeah sure. It is sixty-three twenty-five Eagle Court. Tuscon Arizona eight seven four two one.
All right. And just so you know we do over CD's that have great interest rates for long term. Would you be interested in learning more about that?
no I think we'll probably be interested I might bring my business back once we we come back to the United States. and I've also I've got some CD's at another institution as well. So not today.
All right is there anything else I can do for you Ms. Bowen?
that's all.
Well, we appreciate your business and we're sorry to see you go but hope you have safe travels to Italy.
thank you very much.
You have a good day.
You too. Bye bye.
Thank you, bye.
Good morning. This is Intellibank. This is Amanda. How may I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnston. I don't know what's going on, but something's wrong with my account. I'm not sure.
OK. So what do you think is wrong with your account?
I don't know. I've been so annoyed. At first I couldn't find my debit card, and now I see there's a charge for two hundred and fifty I didn't make. I think I need to report my card as stolen.
OK. Well let's take a look at your account, and we'll get that taken care of for you.
OK. Thank you.
OK. So what is your full name and date of birth?
Jennifer Johnston. And my birth date is, eight six two thousand.
OK. Eight six two thousand. All right, and what is the last four digits of your social security number?
Seven eight four nine.
OK. Seven eight four nine. Right?
Yeah, that's right.
OK. And what's the address on the account?
Its seven eight nine. Redwood Lane. Richmond Virginia. Six two eight one two.
OK. And do you know your account number?
No. I don't know it. I'm sorry. I'm just annoyed. I can't find anything.
OK. That's OK. What about your drivers license or your ID number?
I know my drivers license number.
OK. All right. What is your drivers license number?
Its F eight two. Nine one three. Four six.
OK. So that's eight. Two nine one. Three four six.
Yes.
OK. So is this your checking account, or your savings account you're calling about today?
My checkings account.
OK. So you said you had an unauthorized charge on your account?
Yeah. It's for two hundred and fifty, three days ago. Do you see anything else that's came out in the last six days? Because I didn't even find it until today, so I haven't used it in six days.
OK. Let me take a look for you. Just give me a second.
OK.
OK Jennifer. It shows the two hundred and fifty dollars was taken out at an ATM two days ago.
Oh my gosh. That means someone used it and knew my pin, right?
yes ma'am. They would've had to have known your pin to use it at the ATM.
That's just great. What else do you see?
OK. It looks like there's an online charge for Netflix. For twelve ninety nine.
That's my charge. That's OK.
OK. let's see. There's only one other one in the last six days. It looks like it's at Walmart for a hundred and twenty two dollars and ninety six cents.
What? That's not even my charge either. I'm sorry. I'm just really frustrated right now. What can I do about this?
OK. Well. Let's see. First we should probably go ahead and cancel your card just in case the person still has your information. And then we'll dispute both of these unauthorized transactions. OK. It'd probably be best to send these to our investigation team, since you know that your card was definitely stolen. do you have any idea who may have stolen it?
Yeah. I think I know. Because only a few people know my pin.
OK. Well since they used it at an ATM. The investigation team, they should be able to check cameras and stuff for you. To see if we can find out who it was. And they'll probably try to get with Walmart but this is something that you may also be able to do yourself. If you want to try to give them a call they , they may be able to help you out too.
OK. Can I get these charges refunded?
well the investigation team will usually take up to fourteen days. And then you will hear back from them. As long as they find that the charges were definitely unauthorized, then you will receive a refund on your account.
Oh OK. Good.
OK. So let's go ahead and get your card canceled for you.
OK.
OK. So could you give me the answer to your security question?
Yes.
OK. So what is your mother's maiden name?
Parsons.
OK. And do you know your debit card number?
Yeah. If you give me a sec, I can go get it for you. It's in my purse.
OK. Go ahead. I'll wait.
OK. Thanks.
OK. I got it.
OK. What is it?
It's eight one. Nine nine. Zero one one two. Seven six eight six. Five seven one one.
OK. I'll repeat that back to you. Eight one. Nine nine. Zero one one two. Seven six. Eight six. Five seven. One one.
Yeah. That's right.
OK. And did you want to order a new card?
Yes.
OK. And did you want it sent to the address on file?
Yes please.
OK. Could you just confirm that address for me again please?
Yes. It's seven eight nine. Redwood Lane. Richmond Virginia. Six two eight one two.
OK Jennifer. It looks like your new card should probably come in the mail within ten business days. And I did, did go ahead and get your other one canceled for you. And I will submit your your investigation paper to our team. OK?
OK. Good.
All right. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nope. That's it.
All right. Well yobye bye, thank you and you have a great day.
You too.
bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
yes, I keep checking my online accounts, and I have this one account that keeps having these maintenance charges. And I don't even use that account. So I don't understand what's being maintenanced. And why I should have to pay these charges.
OK, I would be happy to help you with that. First of all, may I ask, who am I speaking with?
yes, this is Sara. S A R A. Dunning. D U N N I N G.
OK, Miss Dunning. May I please have your date of birth?
yeah my birthday is zero eight zero seven nineteen-eighty.
OK, and one last piece of information so that I can just look into your general account. May I please have a drivers license number?
OK, just a second. Let me. Let me fish out my drivers license. One second please. OK, it's two one two oh six oh seven one three.
OK, Miss Dunning. Thank you for that. So I am looking into your account, and I see a savings account that has maintenance fees. is this the one you're referencing?
yes, it is a savings account, and it's probably had no activity for a while. I don't use it. And I keep getting maintenance fees. And I want to see if you can maybe remove them.
OK, I'm looking into this account and it looks like you do not use it, and yes, you are getting maintenance fees. that is just a policy we have for any active accounts. And whether you use them or not, we have to collect maintenance fees so that we can stay current and we can do everything that we need to do, in case you were using them. So I can't remove those fees.
OK, well since I don't use it What about. And I have multiple accounts at this bank. What if I were to just close it out? And what little bit of money is left in it just transferred it over to one of my active accounts.
OK, Miss Dunning, we could absolutely do that. so First what we'll need to do is start the process of closing out this savings account. OK, let me see here. In order to do that, I am going to need a couple more pieces of information for you. Let me start with. With this account. May I please have your mother's maiden name.
my mother's maiden name would be Martin. M A R T I N.
OK, thank you for that. And. It looks like in this savings account, you have a balance of forty-two dollars. where would you like to have that forty-two dollars transferred?
Well, I have a savings account. And then I have a checking account. I think I want to do it to the checking account.
OK, we can do that. Do you happen to know your account number?
Actually, I do, since I had to get my drivers license out, I have my wallet right here. it would be account number zero seven seven six eight two five.
OK, let me pull that up for you. And that looks like in that account, you have five hundred and sixty-eight dollars.
Mm, that sounds about right.
OK. So what I will do is I will transfer this forty-two dollars over to your checking account. Not a problem. I will start the process of getting the savings account shut down. Oh, you will have to make a final trip. Next time you're at the bank, you'll have to come in and sign two pieces of paperwork. It's just a legal statement saying that you authorized this account to be closed. And it's just terminated.
No big deal. let me see here. I don't see anything else that has to be done.
Well, what about the maintenance fees? I still have to pay those?
Well, it looks like, honestly, it looks like what happens is. And this is what always happens. You don't really pay the maintenance fees. They're. They're taken out of the balance you already had. So the maintenance fees are paid. unfortunately we can't refund them to you. but from from this day on, you should not have another maintenance fee that pertains to the savings account that we're now closing down, which is account number zero six seven nine eight three nine. That will be the closed account. and every maintenance fee that's ever been issued to this account was already withdrawn from that account. And that will happen no more, after today. You. You'll be good.
OK, well, I guess that works. Trying to see if there's anything else I need to do since I have you on the phone. Wow, let's see. I don't know, is it busy there today?
No more busier than it usually is.
MK, well I don't want to hold you up, but I'm trying to It. It takes so long sometimes to get a hold of somebody. I just wanna make sure I use my opportunity. No, I think that's it. I think that'll. That'll do everything. I'll come up there on my next. My next trip and sign that paperwork.
OK, so We're. We've closed down the savings account. We've transferred all the money over to your checking account. And you should no longer be getting maintenance fees. that do. That pertain to the account you do not use. And they will have the paperwork ready for you when you come in on your next visit. Is there anything else I can do for you today, Miss Dunning?
No, I think that'll be it.
OK, well that you for calling Intellibank, and you have a great day. Thank you. Bye.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I have a couple of questions for you actually I need to make a wire transfer and I also have an issue with my card. I may have lost it. So, but I'd like to to do the wire transfer first and then well maybe we can re-issue me a new card.
OK.
OK, certainly. I can help you with that issue. Kim, first I need to know your last name.
Sure, it's Johns, J O H N S.
All right, thank you so much Ms. Johns. And also, what is your date of birth, please?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seven seven.
OK, thank you so much. and I also need the account number that you would like to make the transfer from.
sure, hold on for one moment. Let me go grap that.
Sure, take your time.
All right, I have it right here now.
OK. go ahead I'm ready.
It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much Ms. Johns. and I need to ask you a security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
sure, it's Murphy.
All right, thank you so much. And also, I would need the bank account number that you wish to draw the money from.
OK. The one that I'm drawing the money from will be my checking account, which is the number that I just gave you ending in zero five nine five.
OK, thank you so much. And I need to know the dollar amount of this transaction.
five hundred dollars.
OK, thank you so much. And let's see here. will this be a domestic transaction or international?
domestic.
OK, thank you. And I will need from you the routing number that you're depositing this money into.
OK. The routing number his routing number is one one five one zero zero zero seven zero seven.
OK, thank you so much. And I also need the depositor's account number as well.
I'm sure that is seven seven nine nine eight zero two one one one.
And I meant the account that you're depositing into not the depositor. I'm sorry.
Oh, that's OK. That's what I figured you meant. Yes, Ma'am.
All right. so, let me just make sure that I have this correct. So I'd to confirm that you're depositing five hundred dollars, correct?
Yes.
All right. and let's see here. So your account balance is currently a thousand dollars, so we'll take five hundred and we'll go ahead and get this into the system. Bear with me just one moment.
Sure.
OK, so the fee for this transaction will be twenty-five dollars. So the total will be five hundred and twenty-five dollars and no change. OK?
OK, perfect. That was exactly what I was gonna ask.
All right, then. Bear with me just one moment while I finish putting this information in here for you. OK, so the transfer has been has been initiated and the transaction will occur at six p.m. this evening.
OK, perfect, six p.m.. Thank you so much.
Mhm.
You're very welcome. And is there anything else that I can help you with, with this transfer?
do, is there like a confirmation number or anything that I'll get for this this transaction?
yes. Bear with me just one moment. There is one that's gonna be sent to your email, but I can also give it to you over the phone if you would like.
yes, please. I'll go ahead and jot it down.
OK, that number would be seven two three nine zero four zero zero zero one.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
You are very welcome and you, you had said in the earlier in the call that you wanted to report that you had lost your card or it's been stolen?
yes, Ma'am. I do believe I lost it. I'm not exactly sure where. but I, I, don't, I've looked in my wallet, I've looked at the bottom of my purse and all in my vehicle and I can't find it.
OK. so, I just need to gather some more information from you. OK?
Sure.
So we can go ahead and get this taken care of and put a hold on that card so no other transactions can take place until we can get you out a new card. All right. So I've got your first and last name, Kim Johns. Is it under your, your name?
Yes, Ma'am.
OK. Could you tell me what your date of birth is one more time please.
sure. It's four twenty-four seventy-seven.
All right, thank you. And since your card is lost, could you give me the last four digits of your social security number?
Sure. That's seven five zero four.
All right, thank you so much. And and then also your mother's maiden name.
yes, that's Murphy.
Murphy? OK, thank you so much. All right, and what date was this lost on or when you noticed it was gone?
I just actually noticed it yesterday.
OK. And do you happen to know what the most recent transaction was?
I'm not sure what the most recent transaction was. I wanna say the last thing I grabbed was some gas at a Shell station.
OK. All right. So, the next steps in canceling your credit card and receiving a new one is what I'm gonna go over now. OK? So I'm gonna go ahead and put a a hard stop on this right now and cancel your credit card so that no one can use it and I need you to go online to our website and make sure that all of your information is correct and especially your your mailing address because that's where, you know, we'll be sending your new one.
OK.
OK.
OK. And could you go ahead and tell me what that mailing address is, please?
Sure, my mailing address is Forty-nine Holland Drive Sorry about that, had a little brain fart. Forty-nine Holland Drive, and that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. And the ZIP is one nine zero one nine.
OK, thank you so much. OK, so we've got your card canceled and it takes anywhere from five to seven business days for you to receive your new card. And that'll be sent to the address that you just provided me with. Was there anything else that I could help you with today, Ms. Johns?
No, thank you so much. I think you took care of everything. I really appreciate your help.
Wonderful! I'm happy to have been able to assist you. And I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your day and thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Thanks, you too, hon. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have a question about my account. I see a charge on it that doesn't look right to me. I don't recognize it.
OK, Kim. I can certainly help you with that. I just have to get some information from you. what is your first and? Well, I know your first name. It's Kim. I'm sorry. What is your last name Kim and can you spell it for me?
Sure, it's Johns. It's J O H N S.
Thank you so much, Ms. Johns. And can I please have your date of birth?
sure. It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. And which account are we calling about today?
it's it's my checking account that I saw a charge on there that I didn't recognize.
OK. All right, so we're disputing a charge?
yes, ma'am.
OK. All right. And can you give me the account number please for the account that you're going to dispute on?
Sure. I had it right here. hold on for one moment for me.
Sure, take your time.
Thank you.
OK. OK. I have it right here.
All right, I'm ready. Go ahead.
OK. It's one one two one, zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much. And Ms. Johns, what is your mother's maiden name?
Oh, her maiden name is Davies.
All right. Thank you so much. and can you tell me the dollar amount for the transaction that you're disputing today?
Sure. It's ninety-four dollars and eleven cents.
All right. Ninety-four eleven. And what date was this transaction on that you're wanting to dispute?
On September sixteenth.
OK. and you wish to dispute this for what reason?
I don't recognize the the vendor or the the the listed. You know the person listed for the charge or that amount. I don't recognize the the name of who is charging me that that amount.
OK. All right. Bear with me just one moment. let's see can you tell me what the name of the that's beside the transaction? do you have any more details about this business?
it just says GameCo. just G A M E and then C O and then the charge. so I did try to contact but no one answers at that number. It just rings and rings.
OK. Awesome. I was just gonna ask you if you had called the business to see if they knew anything about this transaction. well I I can confirm that I do have all the necessary information that I need from you. and I just wanted to tell you what the next steps are going to entail this transaction is going to be investigated by our investigation department and that generally takes about anywhere from twenty-four hours to a week and you should hear back from us in about that I I would give it a week's time what I'm going to do is go ahead and lock this card to protect against any further fraudulent transactions. OK? and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
OK. So someone from Intel Bank is gonna is gonna call me?
Bank?
Oh, yes. I'm sorry. Intellibank.
That's OK. People make that mistake all the time. It's no worries. And in answer to your questions, yes. Someone will be reaching out to you from our fraud department. And you will also receive an email confirming this conversation. And also, the end of the investigation as well all from our bank. So, was there anything else that I could help you with further?
OK.
no. That's everything. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help.
you are very welcome, Ms. Johns. I'm very sorry that this has happened to you so frustrating, you know. Your your lifeline is our our our accounts, right? I I hope that this matter will be taken care of for you very soon and if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us. we are open seven days a week from nine a.m. to five p.m.. OK?
Oh, OK. That sounds great. Hey, how's the weather there? I know it's been going crazy everywhere. I'm up north and it's been, you know, nonstop floods. are you having severe weather where you are?
It's been insanely hot where we are, but I I would trade what you're going through any time. I know that sounds crazy, but. Cuz you have all that, you know, crazy weather, but it's so hot. I I just. You feel like you can't do anything, but just lay around and cool off so that's insane though what you're going through up there. is everyone OK in your family?
Yeah.
Yeah. Everybody seems to have made it out out of their homes, but lots of flooding, lots of damage, you know and a long road ahead, unfortunately.
Yes, that is very trying. we we do get some pretty extreme weather down there from time to time during hurricane season and we're in the beginning of it now. So, I'm praying that we don't the same thing that you guys are going through up there. we've had a couple of years that were, you know pretty dull, but I don't know. With COVID and everything, I feel like that's the next thing that'll probably happen. A hurricane.
Right. Right. Well, I'll be praying for you.
thank you so much. That's very sweet of you. and again, if you have any further questions or need any help with this situation, any any other information, please don't hesitate to give us a call Ms. Johns.
OK. Thank you so much, hun.
All right. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hi and thanks for calling Intellibank. You've reached Daniel. How may I help you today?
Hi my name is Helen Clark. I'm calling because well I'm. I wanted to transfer some money from my. One of my accounts to the other.
And I only meant to transfer five hundred dollars, but I accidentally transferred one thousand dollars. And I wanted to know how I can return that money.
OK. That's definitely something that I can help you with. All right let me go ahead and get your name.
First and last name please.
Yeah. It's Helen Clark.
Perfect. Thank you, Helen. And what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is February the fourteen of nineteen ninety-six.
Fantastic. Thank you very much. Now, I'm gonna have to ask you do you happen to have your credit card on you right now?
My credit card me, yes I have it with me. Can you hold for a moment?
Yes. No Problem.
Yeah. The number for the credit card is nine nine three nine five one three seven. seven oh nine eight oh nine seven four.
Perfect. Give me one second as I pull up your account.
OK. I'm seeing seeing everything here. It seems to check out correctly.
what is the bank account number for which you would like to send the money back to?
I'm sorry I can't. I couldn't hear you. Because there's there's so much noise here. I can't believe it. There's so much traffic.
I understand how that is. And no problem I can explain myself If you could give me the withdrawal bank account number, that would be the bank account number from which you would like to send the money from that has too much in it.
Yeah. The bank account number is three five four eight seven seven nine eight.
Perfect. And what is the bank account you would like for the money to go back to?
The account number is six three three five five seven seven seven.
OK. Great. And could you specify again just for verification, what is the dollar amount?
For the transfer that you would like to do.
It's five hundred dollars.
OK. Great. I can go ahead and do that for you. just give me one second here.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, well, this traffic is awful. Can you believe it? I don't know where you live. But here in in Texas it's so bad.
I've seen a bit about that on the news. they're. They're doing a lot of construction work down there. Is that. Isn't that right?
I'm not sure. It seems like there was an accident. I hope there was no No people that got hurt because they might take a lot longer.
I hope that no one was hurt either. OK. It looks here that I was able to transfer that money for you. So you should if you check you should see that it was only a five hundred dollar transfer that was sent back to the account that originally transferred one thousand. So everything should be correct for you.
is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yeah. Let me check first on my application of Intellibank.
So I can see if that is done.
All right. It's Intellibank is the name.
Oh, yeah.
Just let me check and I tell you Yeah. Everything is here.
Great, then.
Fantastic. Well I'm so glad to be of help. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No. Everything is good.
So, that's it. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name, please?
My name is Marcia Stevens.
All right. Marcia, can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
And can I get your driver's license or state ID number, please?
P G one three three seven four eight.
All righty then. for security purpose can I get a confirmation of your email?
OK. It's organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Gmail dot com?
Yes, sir.
Organic like organic herbs and.
Yes, sir.
And peach like the fruit.
Yes, sir.
OK.
All right and can I also, for security purpose, can I get your favorite animal?
Giraffe.
A giraffe. All righty. And what can I help you with today?
Well today, I wanna close my old account and maybe open up one for my grandson. He's a birthday's coming up and I would like to start him a little account.
OK.
We can do that.
Would you like to put this in your grandson's name?
Yes, I would. Yes, I would.
All right then.
All right. what would be your grandson's name or what account do you. What type of account do you wanna open for checkings or savings?
A savings.
Savings. OK.
And I'm closing a savings.
OK. Let me get the account number that you're closing.
OK. It's eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK.
OK.
My grandson be turning fifteen and I wanna get him started with a little savings.
Aww, it's a nice age. It's a good age the to have a savings account.
Yeah. It is.
Teach him responsibility.
Hey, you got to. You gotta start them off young.
I remember my my mother and my father got me a savings account.
Yeah yeah. That's a good thing.
Right there.
Now, do you. Do you want it actually, what is your grandson's name?
It's Todd.
OK. Is that one D or two D's?
Two D's.
OK.
And Richards. Richardson.
Richardson. OK.
Yes.
All right and you say you wanted this to be a savings account.
Yes.
All right. Are we transferring any money into it today?
yes. We're gonna put about five hundred in there.
OK.
To start and then.
And this is before I finalize the closing the last account. Do you want money that the transfer to come from the account you're closing?
Yes.
OK.
OK. Before we close that account, let's get that done.
And how is your day going?
It's going great. It's going great. Like I said, I got my grandson's birthday and I'm proud of him and can't wait. I'm gonna take him to a little gaming was it laser place?
a little laser tag?
Yeah. Yeah.
Mkay.
That's good.
That's where him and his little friends wanna go so.
And the the joy of youth.
Yes.
All righty. OK and you say you want five hundred.
Yes.
Five hundred going in.
OK.
We are going to send you a email of the new routing and account number.
Oh OK.
OK. Perfect.
And it's gonna show the balance of the five hundred and we're gonna also send you after that a confirmation of your older account being closed.
Oh Perfect.
Is there anything else we can do for you?
that's about it for today.
I thank you for your help.
All right.
no problem, Miss Marcia. You have a lovely day.
You too.
All right. Thanks. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary. How can I help you?
Hi, this is Peter Davis and some shop took money from my account and the purchase I did not make.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear about that sir. let me go ahead and get some information from you and we'll try to get this sorted for you. can you please provide me with your name and date of birth?
Yes, Peter Davis November four, nineteen sixty-eight. one thousand Mary Lynn Street Austin Texbye bye. Sorry?
Oh.
the. What is this information? Is this ybye bye. One thousand Mary Lynn Street?
Yeah. Austin, Texas seven eight one two two.
OK, sir. Just a minute. that's a home address? just a minute, I'm not on that screen yet. Just a moment. so please provide me with your driver's license number.
Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Great. we have a security code on here. it says your mother's maiden name?
Marlin.
Marlin. And, your account number?
Five four three two one zero zero one two three.
Got it. I see your account here. we'll go ahead and update your information with your mailing address. Would you like to go ahead and repeat that for me?
My what?
Your home address. Your mailing address.
Oh yes. One thousand Mary Lynn Street Austin, Texas seven eight one two two.
got it. One thousand Mary Lynn Street Austin, Texas seven one eight two two?
Yes.
OK and what is the transaction you did not make?
oh! I see it's it's not fifty-two fifty, it's a hundred and fifty-two and fifty cents from Tom's Grocery.
OK, what date is that?
Last Tuesday.
OK. Yes, I see it right here sir. What we'll do is I'll go ahead and mark this as a disputed transaction and I will go ahead and cancel that card that you currently have just in case somebody tries to use it and you won't be able to use this card any further. let me verify a couple of more things before I continue on with getting that new card sent out to you.
What do you mean I won't be able to use this card any further?
So what I'm going to do is pretty much cancel that card so you won't be able to go to a shop or anything to use it for purchasing.
Oh.
But, you will get a new card within the next three to five business days. Is that gonna be a problem?
no, I have another card that I can use.
OK cuz otherwise you're more than welcome to come into the bank and we can get something immediately to you. you would just need to come into one of our locations. But, let me go back before we continue on here and let me see. Does anyone else have access or authorization to use your account?
No, only me.
OK and you did state you are not sure what this company or business is?
Yeah, I never heard of them.
OK. Great. So, I'm going to also send you a letter in the mail and it will have a form in it that is disputing the transaction. You'll just need to verify the information on it, that it's correct. So the dollar amount, the date and the the place the purchase was made. And once you agree that is correct, you send it back to us and we will have it on our files for the next five years. We will hold onto it. But in the meantime, we will investigate the transaction and if we find out that yes it is a legitimate dispute you will not have to worry about that. We will put the money back into your account immediately though and it's kind of a temporary thing but just in case in case we decide that yeah this isn't legitimate but the the money will go back into you account immediately and you will have access to it while we investigate this issue.
So I have a question. this whole conversation is that the same as you sent as you sent me through mail?
Yes, I can send it to you in the mail. Is that how you would prefer to receive this information?
Yes, but can I also have it through email?
yes, we can do that. Let me pull that up on the screen. Just a moment. Yes, I don't have an email address for you. Would you like to provide that?
OK.
Yes. My email address is Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com.
Got it. OK, so let's see. Now would you would like to have the disputed information sent to you via email?
Yes.
OK, we can definitely do that. So let me go back to this screen and take that off so you don't get a hard copy in the mail. You're gonna receive it via email, but you will still need to send this back to us. You can also fax it if you prefer.
No . my daughter can help me with that.
OK, great. So just go ahead and sign the form. We'll send it to you in email, print it out, sign it and return it to us at your earliest convenience.
OK, perfect.
Great. OK so Mr. Davis, do you have any other questions for me?
No, everything is clear. Thank you very much.
Wonderful. So Mr. Davis, this has been Mary. Let me know if you have any more questions. You can call us back twenty-four seven and we're here to help you any time we can.
Thank you, Mary.
You're welcome Mr. Davis and have a wonderful day.
Bye bye.
Bye!
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. Whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hi Peter. My name is Monica Gilinsky.
Hi Monica. How may I help you today?
I need to go to the ATM. I need to find one and get some cash out and I don't know where to find one.
All right. Well can you give me your current address?
Where am I? Where Hold on. My you know getting older. I am at two seven four Bullfrog Road in Stowe Vermont.
OK. So two seven four Bullfrog Road, Stowe Vermont.
Yep.
OK.
I have that pulled up here and it looks like there's, our closest ATM is about fifty meters away from you.
Fifty or fifteen?
Fifty. Five zero.
I I I don't know anything about meters.
Oh. I'm sorry. That's about fifty yards also.
Fifty yards which, which, which direction?
it is actually on the corner of bullfrog and Lilly pad. In the Quickie Mart.
Oh really? Inside? No, I've been there I don't know I don't remember. But I have never see a bank there.
Oh it's just an ATM there inside the Quickie Mart. It's not a bank.
Oh. OK.
How do I use the ATM? I'm I'm sorry, I haven't I I I don't use it very often, usually my Grand kids do it for me.
Oh. OK. Oh so it's quite easy.
nowadays the ATM will just take a picture of your card and read the the chip, and then we have the availability to set up facial recognition when you're on it to so that you don't even have to input a pin or anything. But the current one at the Quickie Mart still uses a pin. The ones at our our bank are are set up to to to use facial recognition.
Wow that sounds fancy.
No no. I just OK yeah I, for you honey. For you.
Just simplifying.
OK. Well it's raining outside so I'm not gonna go right now.
OK.
Do you have a mobile smartphone?
I do have a phone yeah with a screen that my grandson bought me.
So there is a mobile banking app. That could locate ATMs for you. If you need it.
Yeah what's that called and I'll have him do it for me.
It's the Intellibank app.
Intel bank app?
the Intellibank I N T E L L I B A N K.
OK. Intellibank app.
And then he'll know what to do? Or?
How old is your grandson?
Twenty-five.
Oh. He should totally be plugged into to the technology stuff.
OK. So get the app so then I can do stuff easier OK. All right. All right my son.
Is there any thing else that I can assist you with?
no. That's that's all that's good. I'm gonna wait for the rain to to stop. Actually hold on. Do you think it would be a good idea, before I go to the ATM cause I know how you know all these people you know they look at you watch you push buttons and then they take your money out. I should probably know how much money I have in my account before I got to the ATM you think that's a good idea?
I can give you an account balance.
OK. Let's do that. How much money do I have in my account?
OK. Let me pull up your let me pull up your information here. And can you give me your date of birth please?
Yeah It's February twentieth nineteen forty-seven.
February twentieth nineteen forty-seven?
Yep.
OK. And for security purposes, you had put in a a question, and it was the name of your first dog.
Whoa ho ho ho. The name of my first dog. Let me think about it. No that was Josie. You know I've had quite a lot of dogs. My grandson must of done that for me Which dog did he pick? Hold on let me think. Is it is it is it Joe?
no it is not Joe.
No not Joe. OK. Which one which one. Oh he wasn't born Oh oh oh. I I I know. It's Molly.
Molly? Yes. It is Molly.
Molly. OK.
OK. So I've got your accounts pulled up and and which account were you looking for the balance?
for the checking one.
I'm sorry?
The checking account please.
The checking account. OK. In your checking account you have three hundred and fifteen dollars and sixty eight cents.
That's it?
Yes. That is it in your checking account.
Well that's no good.
How much did did you have I had?
How much in your checking account?
Yes. Please. Three hun.
Three Three hundred and fifteen dollars and sixty eight cents.
OK. All right OK then.
Well your savings account has significantly more.
Yeah. I don't touch that one. My grandson said not to touch it.
OK.
OK. All right. OK. Well that's good.
I'll be all right.
OK. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No no. Peter right? Your name was Peter?
Yes it is.
Yeah, good. Good Peter, well you've been very very helpful. do you get a lot of old people calling you all day long?
I get all kinds of people calling me.
Yeah it's. probab~
Some.
Young, some old.
it's that's a good to hear cause you know with all this technology it's just hard to keep up and just learning slowly, but thank goodness for my grandson he's been very helpful.
Sounds like he's been helping you out a lot.
Yeah, Yeah. How old are you son?
How old are you?
I am thirty-five.
You OK. All right Peter I won't hold you anymore. I I the rain is stopping so I should get going.
OK.
Well you have a wonderful day.
You too bye.
All right bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kacey Williams. Excuse me. How can I help you?
Yes, this the bank?
Yes. This is Intellibank.
OK.
OK. There we go. Yeah. I was I was a little thrown off. OK. Thank you. I was trying to find a nearest ATM You know, again, I the I go to ATMs and I get charged a service fee. I was trying to find one in my area where I don't get charged a service fee.
OK.
OK. sure. And are you. You are a customer of Intellibank?
Yes, I am.
OK, perfect. And could I please get your first and last name?
Yes, it is Mike Wilson.
OK.
Michael Wilson. by a fact, it's Michael Wilson.
All right.
OK. Michael Wilson. All right. I thank you for that information. And Mr. Wilson, can I also get the last four of your social security number?
Yes, it is six seven two eight.
OK and what is your date of birth?
It is November thirtieth.
Nineteen seventy-eight.
OK. All right, perfect. And I do see your account information here. we also thank you for being a loyal customer. And now I see, based upon your your mailing address that you live in Dallas, Texas. Is is that where you are currently looking for an ATM or are you in a different location?
in a different location.
I'm actually outside of my home
OK.
In Dallas, Texas.
OK. do you, do you know the ZIP code that you're in or I guess or if not can you give the name of the city?
I think the the ZIP code is seven two eight zero five.
OK.
Do we have any near ATMs or?
OK.
OK. So let me look that up real quick for you. OK, so it looks like there's no actual branches of Intellibank near you, but not to worry. we have we have plenty of ATMs that you can be able to go to and then there there would actually be no service charge. because we have a relationship with the the ATM companies.
Oh, OK. Great.
So let me see here. We have. So it looks like we have one ATM that we have that we partner with. it's called the Texas Federal Credit Union. And so it looks like that is right off of one fourteen and Gladys Road. Do you know where that is?
Yes.
OK. With OK. So that's one option. or there's another one that looks like it's inside a seven eleven. And that one is right off of MacArthur and one fourteen.
OK. Yes. Very familiar with both options and it's good to know.
OK. which one would be closer for you?
I think the one off of MacArthur cuz I I could. That's right off the highway. So that'd be great.
You wanna call back and.
OK, perfect. OK, so if you have a pen, I can give you the specific address.
I'm a just put it in my phone if you can just tell me. Thank you for that.
OK, sure. OK, so it's like I said, it's at a seven eleven and the specific address is eight five two nine North MacArthur Boulevard. In Irving, Texas.
You said eight five two nine in North MacArthur Boulevard, Irving Texas.
Yes, and MacArthur is M A C A R T H U R.
OK. I appreciate that. Thank you. That that thank you. That that helps a lot cuz I'm I'm normally charged service fees and sometimes I'm in such a rush and I I wanna get to the bank and I just never find the time to. So this is this is always helpful, so I can probably plan out a little bit and find a bank find a seven eleven that'll really help me out.
Yeah, cuz there are lots of seven elevens.
Yes.
and is that was your GPS able to pull that address up?
It, yeah, it will. It will pull up.
OK. OK, perfect. and then, I just wanted to make you aware as well that you you have a daily withdraw limit at the ATM of five hundred dollars.
OK, that's good to know.
was that, is that something that is gonna be OK for your visit, or do you need me to up that for today?
Oh, that's that's that's perfect.
OK, that's definitely plenty?
Yes.
OK, perfect. OK. Well did you have any other questions or any other guidance for me today?
That's it. you were very helpful.
OK, sure. No problem. OK, well good luck on your ATM finding and I appreciate you for calling Intellibank today.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
OK, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Make it a great day. This is Casey. How can I help you?
Yes, my name is Sean Johnson and I need to do a wire transfer.
OK, Mr. Johnson. I can definitely help you out with that. for reference, my name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four, and we are speaking on a recorded secured vine.
OK, thank you.
In order for me to access your account information, I need to get the last four digits of your social security number.
Yes, it's three three two eight.
OK, and what is your date of birth?
It is July thirtieth nineteen seventy-two.
OK. Perfect. OK, so I see that you have a couple of different accounts with us. You have two checking accounts here and a savings account. In order for me to pull up all the details on them I need to either get a your driver's license number or the to answer your security questions. Which would be easier?
The security questions.
OK. the first question is what was the make of your first car?
It was a Toyota Pathfinder.
OK. Pathfinder. OK. And then, it looks like the second question is What is what is the last name of your favorite teacher?
Khan.
Khan. And how do you spell that?
K H A N.
OK, perfect. OK. So I pulled up the accounts for me OK. So you're looking to do a wire transfer, and were you looking to do that from your your checking account ending in oh oh four seven or the one that ends in one two eight five or your savings account?
the one that ends in one two eight five.
OK. Got it. And then I do have to advise you that to do our wire transfers, we do charge a percentage on the the fee up to sixty dollars. That that would be the max that you would have to pay for the transfer. other than that it's just a one percent of what you're transferring.
OK, thank you.
OK. And how much would you like to transfer?
Forty-two thousand dollars.
OK. And what is the account number that you are transferring to?
It'll be two seven three nine.
Is that it?
That's it.
OK. OK, so then that's the account number and what is the the the banking institution that the person is with?
It is called the Bank of Mexico.
OK. And what is the routing number for the bank?
I believe it's zero zero it's no it's one zero zero zero zero two three nine.
OK. OK, so I'm gonna go ahead and review these details with you again. oh, I'm sorry and I'm sorry. What is the name of the person that it's going to?
her name is Suella.
Jones.
OK. OK, so let me go ahead and review these details. We are going to be transferring forty-two thousand dollars from your account ending in one two eight five to Suella Jones. That is S U E L L A?
Yes.
OK, and that is with the Bank of Mexico. And the routing number being one with four zeros?
Yes.
Two three nine and then account number two seven three nine. OK, and so this would be, this would be the sixty dollar charge for to complete the wire transfer. would you like to complete this now?
Yes.
OK.
Please.
OK, so I'm gonna go ahead and push this through and so this will debit your account for the sixty dollars as well at the same time. Is that OK?
Yes, and I, and I, I can get a receipt for that, correct?
Yes, I can definitely email you a receipt.
OK, perfect.
OK. OK, perfect. OK, so that went through. so she said that she should see that money immediately show up in her account and you should see it debited already out of your's and along with the sixty dollar charge for the wire transfer.
OK.
All right, and then the email address I have on file for you is Yock Rock at Gmail dot com. Is that still correct?
That's correct.
OK, perfect. OK, so I will email you a receipt. You should receive that here within the next few moments and we should be all set. did you have anything else I can help you with today?
That's it.
All right, well thank you so much for calling in today, Mr. Johnson and I'm glad that I was able to help you out.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Joe. Can I get your first and last name?
Hi my name is Stephanie Garcia.
Thank you, Mrs. Garcia. How can I help you today?
Hi, so actually I was just calling in to check my account balance. my checking account balance, actually.
Perfect. That works. thanks for calling in. And let me get that information pulled up. I just need to ask some additional questions to get that information pulled up on my systems.
OK. Perfect. No problem.
Starting with your date of birth, please.
my date of birth is May twenty-first ninety-four.
Perfect. And then if I can also get either your account number or your credit card information.
I think I have my credit card here let me actually go get that.
OK. Take your time bun.
OK. Yeah, I I have my account number. Is that OK?
Yeah. That works. Whenever you're ready.
OK.
my account number is four seven nine six zero nine six two five four.
OK. Let me put this in here. So it looks like nothing's coming up. Could you retell me your account number? One more time.
Oh, you want me to give you the account number again?
Yeah. The information wasn't pulling up with the information you provided.
OK. Yeah.
Oh.
OK. Sorry about that. OK, OK, so it's four seven nine zero six nine six two five four.
OK. So it looks like that was the correct information there. I was able to pull it up. And this was like the first time. It was just says it wasn't correct.
Oh OK. I probably got some numbers mixed up. Sorry about that.
No. No worries. Your apology is accepted. Thank you for for correcting it.
dyslexia is not a joke.
I one hundred percent. I know. One of my uncles.
Yeah. It's it's very difficult sometimes when you're reading out numbers. But yeah, thank you for that. so so yeah. I just wanted to take a look at my checking account balance. for now.
OK. Let me get that information pulled up. Oh, can I also get what is what is the street you grew up on that's your security question that you have here.
My street?
Yeah.
It's Mission Avenue.
That you grew up on.
not your current address.
Oh. OK. I grew up on Jackson Street.
OK. Perfect. Awesome. And as I get this information pulled up, how's your day been so far today?
my day's going pretty great. nothing really much going on. Can't complain. just glad it's the weekend.
Sounds good. Yeah. Sundays are always my best day to have fun.
Yeah.
Yeah. Usually, for the most part, the the call center is pretty slow. So, it allows us to catch up on a lot of our work.
That's not too bad.
No. It's not too bad at all. so it looks like I did get your information pulled up. Would. Did you want the balance? I can't remember. Was it for checking or savings?
let's just for now go ahead and go with checking.
OK. So, your current checking account balance is two thousand. Twenty-one hundred. Two thousand one hundred and eighteen dollars.
Oh, OK. OK so, twenty-one hundred that's.
Yeah, roughly give or take twenty-one. If you wanna average it out.
OK. So a couple things probably just did not post yet so no that's OK. But since I do have you on the phone, is there anyway that I can just bother you to check my savings account number? savings account amount. Since I do have you on the phone.
I can go over some pending transactions if you like.
OK. Yeah. One hundred percent. Let me give you that information as well. So in savings, in your first savings you have Let me see. Three hundred eighty-five dollars right now.
OK. And I'm still on that current monthly scheduled transfer fee of that twenty-five dollars, right?
Yes. That twenty-five dollars will be transferred at the beginning of next month, which will be November First. That you should have the reflection of that transfer.
OK. OK. That traction. .
Yeah. That's what enables the checking account to be free as well.
OK. Awesome. OK. Cool. well that's not too bad, but that's good twenty-one hundred. And I know a couple things have not posted yet so. OK. Thank you so much for your time. I think that's all I actually need for today.
awesome. I'm glad to hear that and I'm glad that you called in and I was able to answer your questions. Thank you.
OK. Thank you so much for your help. Have a good one.
You too. Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How can I help you today?
This is Laura Winters and I would like to open an account for my grandson.
He likes to cook, so I wanted to start him early on saving for college or maybe even cooking school.
That sounds wonderful. I'd be more than happy to help you with that. It sounds like perhaps a savings account may be what you guys are looking for today. I know that we do offer some higher interest rates on our savings accounts. and there are also no fees that are associated with that. So that sounds like it would be the perfect way for you to save for your grandson. would you like to open a savings account with us, or would you like a checking account today?
I would like to open a savings account.
Excellent! There will be just some information that I do need to go ahead and collect to establish that account for you today.
OK.
Alrighty, so first things first. Mrs. Winters, could I please have your first and last name again?
Sure, it's Laura Winters.
Laura Winters. Wonderful. And what is your full Social Security number, please?
Three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven.
Excellent. And Mrs. Winters, what is your date of birth?
April fifth nineteen fifty-five.
Wonderful. Thank you so much. And what is your current address, please?
Nine eight seven South Papa drive. Pueblo, Colorado eight one zero one three.
Excellent. Thank you. And if I could also get your phone number today, please.
It's seven one nine, of course. Two one five two six nine nine.
Thank you. And could I also get your email address that you would like associated with your account?
Sure, it's Lauralynn at SuperMail dot com. That's Laura L A U R A. Lynn L Y N N at SuperMail dot com.
Excellent. Thank you so much. Now I also need to go ahead and collect some information about your grandson. what is your grandson's name please?
It's Markus Spencer. And his birthdate is seven twenty-five twenty fifteen.
Excellent. Thank you. And just to make sure, is that Markus spelled with a K or with a C?
That's with a . With a K. M A R K U S.
Excellent. Thank you so much. Alrighty. And if I could also get his Social Security number, please.
It's let's see. Zero one three six two nine four two three.
Wonderful. Thank you so much. And Mrs. Winters, is Markus' address the same as yours or is he at a different address?
He's at the same. He and his mom and dad live with me.
Wonderful. That sounds so exciting. And will it be the same phone number as his contact number then?
Well yes. He's still a little boy. Oh, so sweet. But anyway.
Wonderful. Thank you. Alrighty. So, I believe that is all of the information that we need. Oh! I apologize, Mrs. Winters. Actually we will need to establish a security question for your account. we do have a couple different options. since you are the adult on the account, the security question answer will relate to you, rather than to Markus. We have a couple different options for you to choose from. one of them that you can choose is your mother's maiden name. Another option that you may want to choose is the street that you grew up on, or the name of your third grade teacher. Do any of these options sound good to you?
Yes. I think I'll take the street. What street did you grow up on?
Perfect. And what would the answer to that question be?
Saint Johnson Street.
Excellent. Thank you so much. Alrighty. So, that is all of the information we need to establish your account. in order to finalize opening the account, we will need you to come into one of our branches to sign. and it looks like the closest branch that we have to your address, actually, is located at fifteen hundred East Bradley Avenue in Pueblo Colorado, eight one zero one three. Would it be possible for you to come in to the branch to sign sometime soon?
Sure. I can do that. do I need to bring Markus with me?
Because Markus is a minor, you will not need to bring him with you. However, if you could please bring either his Birth Certificate or his Social Security card for us to go ahead and verify his identity while we open the. Finish opening the account for you.
OK, that's great! I'm so excited to establish this account for him. Do you have kids?
actually I do. I have my own little boy. He's two years old. You know the terrible two's and all.
Oh! My goodness my dear. You'll live through that, and they'll pass before you know it.
So I keep hearing. I hope it comes a little sooner. Although, I'm not really desperate to see him grow up either. But well, is there anything else that I can do for you today, Ms. Winters?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you very much.
You are so welcome. If you have any other questions, please feel free to call us. We are open from eight a.m. until six p.m. on our weekdays. I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your day.
You as well. Thank you very much.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Dante, how can I help you?
Yeah, hi. I'm calling in, I've received this letter in the mail and it says that I can pay my credit payment online. or over the phone and just transfer the I, I don't know what it, I just don't know what it was talking about. And I just need someone to help explain it to me.
OK. Absolutely. I'd be more than happy to help explain anything to you that you got in the mail. when did you receive the information in the mail?
It was about two days ago and I finally got around to opening it up today. And it says that you know, if you have a credit account that you can just pay it just transfer it right on outta your, your account and then make a payment
OK. Yeah, absolutely. It's it's what we call bill pay. And I'd be more than happy to assist you with getting that started today. Now did you, were you wanting to make the payment today or were you wanting to just get assistance with help? Setting up the online account?
well yeah, if I could just go ahead and make the payment now, that'd be perfect. And then I can just do the online account for next time.
OK. Absolutely. I can go ahead and do that for you. Now in order for me to access your account I will need to do some verification. All right, so can I go ahead and get your full name and date of birth please?
yes. It's Wo Nelson. And my date of birth is ten nine, nineteen ninety-two.
OK. Thank you very much Mr. Nelson for that information. And can you go ahead and verify your address for me?
yes. It's three five one two Snyder Avenue. Newark, New Jersey. Zero seven one zero one.
Thank you. And it does look like you have a security code on your account. So can you go ahead and verify your mothers maiden name?
yeah. It's Louis.
Thank you very much Mr. Nelson for that information. All right now. I do show some accounts here. So which account would you like to transfer from?
can I, I'd like to transfer from my checking account.
OK. Absolutely. We can go ahead and do that. Can you go ahead and verify your checking account number for me?
oh, well shoot hold on, let me think about it for a minute. Let me see if I can find it. Hold on one moment, OK?
Sure. Absolutely. Give me one mobye bye.
Take your time.
Well, I'll tell you it's hard just trying to remember all these account numbers and everything that you try to keep in your mind. oh, but you can't write them down cuz someone who gets a hold of your paper and they'll steal them from you.
Yeah, yeah that's for sure. You definitely got to be careful. I know there's a lot of apps you can get on your, for your computer or you know for your phone that like security vaults. Where you can store all your passwords. Called password vaults
help keep track of all your passwords and account information. and their real secure. You know, you might want to go take a look. Maybe there's something you can for you.
Oh, yeah that's a great idea. I might go ahead and do that. I, man I just can not find my checking account number. Is there anything else I can give you?
Sure. Absolutely. lets do this. Could, can you verify your Social Security number, please?
yeah its, two four five six zero zero seven six four.
Thank you very much Mr. Nelson. OK, so like I said, I do show several accounts here. Now you said you wanted this out of your checking account, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
All right. Now I do show you only have one checking account. So, we can do that. And you wanted to transfer it in to what account?
yeah in to my credit account. that I have. My credit card, I'd like to just make the payment on it.
OK, we can go ahead and do that. Now, looking at your checking account, looks like you do have a balance listed.
Of nine hundred thirty-five dollars and sixteen cents.
OK, thank you.
All right, and what account Or how much did you want to transfer over to your credit account?
yeah, I wanted to transfer five hundred dollars.
OK, so you want to transfer the five hundred dollars. So, once I do that transfer that will leave your balance on your checking account at four hundred thirty-five dollars and sixteen cents.
OK. Thank you.
You're quite welcome. So give me a moment, I'll go ahead and process this transfer out.
All right. Now while I'm doing this, have you ever heard of our online banking?
or have you signed up for our online banking? Where you can go on a computer or from your cell phone and make the payments and check your account balance and so forth?
well I've heard of it. I've just never really did set it up or anything.
Well, what I can do for ya, is at the end of the call or before we end the call, I can go ahead and send you an email with the step by step instructions on how to set up the online banking. And as well as frequently ask questions on how to transfer from one account to another. How to transfer to an external account. How to make an auto loan payment or a loan payment. How to check for ATMs near you. you mm, there's many useful you know, questions you could be answered with that. Information I'm going to send you.
That, well that's perfect. Thank you so much.
All right, good. Now, I've went ahead and transferred the five hundred dollars out of your checking account over to your credit account. So your credit account balance is showing a balance as of now, as of today October the third, of nine thousand six hundred twenty-five dollars and thirteen cents.
OK. Thank you very much.
You are quite welcome.
Now, I do show you said that with that email, I'm not actually showing an email address that we have on file for you. So what is your email address, please?
yes it's I A M T H E W U N at Gmail dot com. So I am the one at Gmail dot com.
Oh, thank you very much for that. Let me just go ahead and repeat that to ya. Back to ya. I have I A M T H E W U N. I am the one at Gmail dot com.
Yes, that's correct.
OK. Perfect.
So let me go ahead and we'll get this in here. All right I've went ahead and sent you that information. So give it about fifteen to twenty minutes. You should see, receive it in your inbox. And with that, like I said, is frequently asked questions how to instructions on how to download the app, how to set up the online account. If you have any questions whatsoever we're always here. to assist you with anything that you may need. So please feel free to give us a call.
OK. Thank you very much.
Well you are quite welcome Mr. Nelson. Was there anything else at all that I could get done for you today?
Nope, nothing. Thank you so much. You have a great day.
Thank you, you as well, and thanks for calling Intellibank. Goodbye.
Hi, that you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I am actually I just moved not too long ago and I have just heard about your bank. About Intellibank. And I was trying to inquire about you know, getting started with you all.
OK. So you would like to let me just make sure that you have the right bank. Did you mean Intellibank?
Oh, yes. I'm sorry. What did I say?
Intel. And that's OK. There's actually an Intel and we're Intellibye bye. So it's very confusing for a lot of people. Do not feel bad.
OK. I have the right place. I'm just making sure. OK.
OK.
OK. Awesome. So it sounds like you would like to open a new account with us.
yes, yes. I'd like to inquire about opening a new checking account.
OK. Fantastic. Well, welcome to Intellibank. and I You're welcome. And I'd like to get just a little bit of information from you to get started. And so we're going to start with a checking account. And the first thing I need to get from you is your last name.
yeah. My last name is Johns. J O H N S.
All right. Thank you so much miss Johns. And also I'll need your date of birth.
date of birth is April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. Thank you so much. And I'll need your social security number.
sure. Let me see here.
If you need time to go and look for your card, just take your time.
yes. I do, please. Hold on for one moment for me.
Sure.
OK.
OK. I'm ready.
All right. Go ahead.
my social number is one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
All right. Thank you so much. Just to be sure that I have this correct, you do want to your account that you would use for deposit will be your checking? Or would you like to set up account for savings as well? Or?
I think I just want to do checking today.
OK. Thank you so much. And I'll have to set up a security question for you. And let me give you some options. OK?
OK.
All right. And you'll, you'll use this later on to verify your identity. So that's why this is important. so we have one that is, what's your maiden, your mothers maiden name. Excuse me. What is the name of your first pet? What street did you grow up on? any of those?
I'll go ahead and do what my mothers maiden name is. And her maiden name is Davies. It's D A V I E S.
OK. Thank you so much. All right, I've got that in there now.
OK.
So, now that I have this information from you, is there do ybye bye, would you like me to help you set up an, your online account? Is that something you'd like to do today?
Yes, please. That sounds good. Thank you.
All right, you're welcome. so I would like you to go to WWW dot bank dot com.
OK.
And tell me when the white screen pops up for you. It should say, welcome to Intellibank.
OK. I'm there.
All right. I'll need you to click on the hamburger on the top right hand corner of your screen.
OK.
And do you see new account?
I do.
OK. Fabulous. click on that and as you can see the prompts as you for your personal information.
OK. Let me add this information in here.
All right.
And once you down to the bottom
I'm going to ask you one of your security questions.
OK.
And then you type that in. And then I'm going to give you a code to type in underneath that.
OK. OK. I added the security question. my mothers maiden name. And I also added the answer.
OK. And I want you to put this code in.
Sure.
Three one one three six nine zero zero two five seven three seven and then hit enter. And it should say welcome Kim Johns. to your new account. It should say that.
OK.
It does.
Awesome. All right. Awesome. This is actually the first account that I've helped set up over the phone.
Great.
Oh, wait great. Well, I'm glad it worked.
It was learning.
learning process for both of us. Yes, ma'am. All right and Miss Johns, was there anything else that I could help you with today?
nope. That's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You are so very welcome. we value your loyalty here at Intellibank and really happy to have you as a new part of our family. If you should have any questions or any concerns in the future, please don't hesitate to give us a call. And our banking hours are nine A M to five P M. Monday thru Friday. On on Saturday, excuse me, it's nine A M to twelve P M. We're closed on Sunday. But we have twenty-four hour access in our chat online. So if you have questions in the middle of the night something happens, you lose your card. Whatever. You can always contact someone within the bank through the chat on your online account. OK.
OK. Great. Thank you so much for all your information. I really appreciate it.
You're so very welcome. Your checks should be in the mail. In between one to two weeks from now. And your bank card, around the same time. And I want to thank you again for giving us your business. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you so much. You too, hun.
Bye, bye.
Bye, Bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kathy. How can I help you today?
Well thank you. Hi this is Laura Winters and I have a I have a checking account at your bank and I would like to open a new account for my granddaughter. she is so clever! This granddaughter of mine. She can bake and even though she's only eleven she makes cheesecake and not just cookies and cakes. Eleven years old! Can you believe that? And making cheesecake.
My, that sounds fantastic! You said that you wanted to open an account with your granddaughter, is that correct?
Yes. I would like to make it so that she can save up for maybe opening up her own business or going to cooking school or something like that.
Wonderful! That is fantastic! so you would definitely need to be on the account with your granddaughter since she is a minor. We do require that she has an adult on there with her. and you said that you did have an account with us already. Is that correct Ms. Winters?
Yes.
Excellent! I can go ahead and reference the account that information we have on file for you to get the paperwork started. What is that account number?
Four one two five seven one three zero.
Excellent! And do I need to ask what is the security question for your account?
What street did you grow up on? Saint Johnson Street.
Excellent! Thank you so much for that. I will just need to verify a few more pieces of information with you. could I have you provide the last four digits of your social security number for me please?
Eight five seven seven.
Thank you. And if I could also have you verify the current address on file for me.
Sure. It's nine eight seven South Pappa Drive. Pueblo Colorado eight one zero one three.
Thank you so much! so next, I will just need to collect some of your granddaughter's information. And what is your granddaughter's first and last name please?
It's well I call her Suzie but it's Susan Spencer.
Excellent. And what is Suzie's social security number please?
Oh yes. just a minute dear. I have to go look for it. I had it right here, I just just give me a minute.
Not a problem. Take your time.
Thank you. I'll be right back.
OK. Here it is. It's one five seven one zero three zero four three.
Thank you so much. And may I also have her date of birth please?
Yes. Thank you for waiting. I'm sorry it took so long to get that number. her date of birth is ten seventeen twenty ten.
Thank you. And not a problem at all on the wait. I have plenty of time. so we will also need to establish a security question and security answer for this account. we do have several different questions that you can choose from for this account, such as mother's maiden name the street you grew up on name of your first grade teacher. Would you like to use any of these options or would you like to pick from a different selection?
I will go with who's your first grade teacher.
Excellent! And what would the answer to that question be?
It's for me right? Obviously.
Yes we will go ahead since you are the adult on this account we will use the answers that are relevant to you please.
OK. Mr. Morrison.
Excellent! Alrighty, so give me just a moment here I will get Suzie's information added into our system here.
So do you like to bake?
Oh actually my skill set doesn't quite lie in baking I'm a little bit better with numbers. My husband, however, is much better at the baking than I am.
Oh good! Well, I'm I'm glad somebody does that for you and I hope you and your husband enjoy it. As much as I enjoy Suzie's baking.
Oh well thank you so much for that. and one final question actually. Were you wanting to establish a savings account or a checking account for your granddaughter?
I think a savings account would be a good idea.
Wonderful! Well, I have gone ahead and prepped all of the paperwork that we need in order to finalize the account for your granddaughter. We will need you to come by our branch to sign for us in person. we are located at fifteen hundred East Bradley Avenue that's in Pueblo Colorado eight one zero one three. will you be able to come in and sign sometime this week?
Sure. do I need to bring Suzie with me?
No. Because it is a minor account, she will not need to be present to sign. if you are just able to bring either a social security card or a birth certificate so that we are able to identify her at that time that would be fantastic.
OK and I have her card right here. So I will see you guys sometime this week.
Wonderful! Well thank you so much. Is there anything else that I can do for you today Ms. Winters?
No thank you. But have a nice afternoon.
Thank you. You have a wonderful day as well. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Becky. How can I help you?
Yeah, I need to check my balance on my account. But I need to find an ATM and I have not lived here long and I have no idea where I can find one. Downtown Portland. Do you have those addresses?
That's something I'd be happy to help you with, yes. Can I first get your account number, please?
Yeah. It's one seven nine four five three zero zero.
Thank you. And your name?
My name is Karen Hucksley.
All right, Karen. And for security reasons, can I get your date of birth, please?
Yeah. It's two eighteen ninety two.
OK, thank you. And so you said you were looking for an ATM in Portland?
Is that Portland, Oregon?
Yeah.
Yeah. Portland Oregon like downtown past Foster.
Milwaukee, I guess.
OK. All right. would you happen to have a street address near where you would like to find an ATM? I can search that way .
Yeah. I I need to be over by Morrison or Broadway, in between there.
downtown Portland, does that help?
Yeah. That that that does help. Let me type in this information.
OK. Let's see here. Morrison. In Portland, Oregon. OK. I am pulling up a couple of ATMs that are available in that area. one is on Broadway. Would you like that address?
yeah. And and when I get to the ATM , how much can I use how much can I take out for the what is it called? Money or money removal? Is that.
The with~
Oh a cash withdrawal?
Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah.
OK. Cash withdrawal. Yes, that's a good question. So there is a five hundred dollar limit on Intellibanks ATMs So the ATM on Broadway The most that you can take out daily would be five hundred dollars in cash.
OK. And and what about putting putting money in, like cash? How How many deposits can I do total or how much can be on each deposit kind of thing?
OK. So cash deposits you can make unlimited cash deposits at an Intellibank ATM there is a seventy two bills. So you wouldn't be able to deposit more than seventy two bills. So if you had seventy two one dollars bills, that would be the limit. If you had seventy two one hundred dollar bills, that would be the limit. per each
Seventy-two one hundred dollar bills? Good Lord, who has that kind of cash to just laying around?
Deposit.
Well I I agree with you.
Mylanta. I wanna know what job that takes to have seventy two one hundred dollar bills laying around.
I can barley find seventy two one dollar bills.
I I know. That's how it feels sometimes, doesn't it?
Yeah. That's. that lucky bastard.
Well let's see here. So did you want me to give you the ATM on Broadway? That address? In order to make a a deposit. That's what you wanted to do, a cash deposit?
Yeah let's Is there one near that? Like closer? On on Morrison?
Let me look here.
Morrison, Portland, Oregon. Do you have a street address?
Morrison looks like a
Yeah, so it's it's like one eight six nine. I think it's sixty ninth street over by there.
Sixty ninth by Morrison. Sixty ninth and Yes. We do have actually it's not an ATM that's owned by Intellibank. It's owned by America's US Bank.
But I don't have America's US. I have Intellibye bye. How am I supposed to go to that kind of AMT. ATM thing?
Well you could still use use the ATM at America's US Bank on Morrison. there is a three hundred dollar limit on cash withdrawals from ATMs that are not operated.
I don't think I even have three hundred dollars in my account. So I am not too worried.
Fully.
OK.
And but did you want to deposit money?
Yeah, I do. But I'm not taking it back out so.
OK. Well then you could use the America's US Bank ATM. on Morrison. Would you like that address?
Yeah. Let's let's have it.
OK. That is six nine seven two, Morrison Boulevard. In Portland, Oregon.
Nine seven two oh two.
Now is this a drive up one or is this a walk up one and do you know the weather for tomorrow? Because I'm visiting and I just I don't even know what to expect with this state. I swear I stepped off the plane and it was raining and then twenty minutes later I was burning up and then thirty minutes later it felt like it was gonna start snowing. I swear. I don't even know what to expect. What do you suggest?
I. Well I've heard. Well I'm not actually in Portland Oregon but I have heard that the weather can be kind of volatile there. I don't know what the weather report for Portland tomorrow is. But I can tell you the answer to your question about this ATM is it is a drive up ATM.
OK. Well, weather doesn't help me but I do appreciate the drive up. I think yeah I think I got all the answers. Oh wait hold on I hold on. Yep, nope you answered all my questions. Thank you so much.
OK. Well you're very welcome and you have a nice day.
You too.
Good afternoon. Intellibank. How may I help you?
Yeah, I just moved into the area and I'm looking for a local branch cuz I need to find my balance for my account.
OK, no problem. I can help you with that. do you want to give me your address so that I we can find which one is closest or would you just like both locations?
yeah I'll give you my account so I can see what's closer to me.
Your address?
Yes.
OK, what is your address, please?
It is five two one North Orange Street.
OK. It looks here like location on the our branches is on the corner of five sixty-two West Martin King Luther Junior Boulevard and seventy-ninth Street will be the perfect one for you. it's less than a mile from your house.
Is that a busy one or is that all kind of offices out the way.
It gets it can get busy but it's usually not very busy.
Do do they have ATMs there?
Yes, they do. Their hours of operation are Monday through Thursday, nine to five and Fridays, nine to seven. And Saturdays were open nine to twelve there.
Can I can you give me my checking account please?
Your checking account?
Yes, balance.
OK, no problem. I just need your name.
It is John Smith.
OK, Mr. Smith. I also need to know your date of birth.
It is two twelve eighty-six.
OK. And I need your account number, if you have it with you or a state ID or last four digits of your social security number.
I have all that. my account is six four five eight two three, I mean, I'm sorry, zero zero three forty-one, no, I mean, sorry, forty.
Let me make that that was the account number is correct. Six four five?
Yes.
Eight two zero zero three, dash four zero?
Yes, yes, that's it.
And that's checking or or savings?
That is checking.
OK. Your account balance is three hundred dollars and forty-six cents.
OK. can I have my savings too?
Sure, what is that account number please?
Actually, n~
Never mind. I'm sorry. I don't need it.
Are you sure?
yes can you give me my credit card balance cuz I I would like to do some shopping today since the weather is nice.
Sure, what is your credit card number, sir?
It is four seven one six, one zero seven three seven, six eight three seven five eight three.
OK. Four seven one six one zero one seven three seven six eight three seven five eight three? Is that?
can you please repeat that? I I didn't I think you got it. I might've said it wrong.
Four seven one, six one zero seven three seven six eight three seven five eight three.
Yes, I'm sorry. You were correct.
Good. That looks like it's our platinum card?
Yes.
Your account balance is at one thousand dollars and sixty-four cents. Is there something else you would like to help with today?
you have any specials going on with credit cards?
not currently. We we're not running any specials. I'm not sure what you mean by specials but we could.
OK. at the branch, do they can you deposit cash through the ATM there?
Yes. That's no problem. They take check or ATM. I mean check or cash.
OK.
And the tellers are open during business hours as well.
Is the is the lobby open?
Yes, the lobby is open on the hours I gave you.
OK. Thank you.
Is there anything you need today?
Nope, I believe that's it.
Well, Mr. Smith, have a good afternoon. Thank you for being Intellibanks customer.
All right, thank you.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. My name is Maya. How may I assist you?
Hi Maya, this is Loren again. we just spoke about the suspicious charge on my credit card.
Right. Hi Loren. OK, I can definitely help you with that. I know that's unsettling to see.
You have no idea.
OK Loren, for verification purposes, can you please provide me with your last name once again?
Yes, my last name is Hart and that is spelled H A R T.
Thank you. And for the security of your account may I also have your date of birth, please.
Yes, it is December third and that is nineteen eighty.
Thank you so much. All right Ms. Hart. Can you please provide me with the last four digits of your social?
Yes, it is two one oh seven six.
Thank you. And can I please have your credit card number?
Yes, I totally should have had that out. Hold on. I just set it down. OK, are you ready?
Yes, Ma'am.
OK. the number is eight eight one eight two three four six seven seven zero nine one one eight zero.
Thank you. And it looks like you do have a security question on the account. Can you please provide the answer to that question?
it is my mother's maiden name I think.
it looks like it could be a pet's name.
Oh. I'm guessing it's Poochy. it's P O O C H Y
Yep, that's it.
Thank you. OK. Let's see. I do have your account here in front of me now and you already provided me with your credit card number. Thank you for that.
Yeah, of course.
OK, so what is the amount of the charge in question?
OK, so it is two hundred and twenty-eight dollars and forty-two cents at La Bomba Records in Los Angeles, California.
OK. Give me just a moment here while I review your transactions.
Yeah, no problem. Please take your time.
Thank you. Let's see. Do you happen to know the date of that transaction?
I sure do. It was November November twenty-first.
OK, I see it here. So you did not make this purchase?
No, I definitely did not. I do not live in California. I've not visited California, and I called this place to see if perhaps they were like an online merchant, like you know maybe I'd bought something and forgot. but they don't sell anything online. I have wracked my brain, I've asked my husband. I have tried and tried to figure out where this charge could have come from but the only thing I can figure out is that someone's stolen my account information.
Right I see. and have you notice any other out of state charges or suspicious charges on the card?
No, no just this one and that's what I guess what seemed so strange to me.
Yeah, it's becoming increasingly common unfortunately.
Really, I was hoping things had gotten better. I've never had a fraudulent charge on my card before this.
Well, that good.
Yeah, I mean, at first I thought this place might be even a real store but it's a music store in LA and I haven't even been to LA in years. I mean, the last time I was anywhere near there it was like four or five years ago. And we were just passing through. I mean, after like a music festival near there.
Oh, how fun. I love music festivals.
Yeah, me too. I totally miss light music. I was so excited to go see Chris Stapleton last weekend. and the concert was canceled due to COVID surge. I am so tired of COVID. I am just ready for all of this to be done.
Yeah, you and me both. OK, so Ms. Hart, I was able to process that dispute. It has been sent to our transaction dispute department where they can take a closer look at it. They'll conduct an investigation into that disputed charge and if they deem it fraudulent, it will be permanently removed from your account. it's been temporarily removed while it's being investigated, and the investigation usually take no more that forty-eight hours to complete. And you will receive a notification by email as to what the conclusion of their investigation is. Also, anytime the account is breached, we recommend canceling the card. So, with your permission I will cancel your credit card.
Oh, yes. Please, thank you. is there anything else I need to do on my end?
No Ma'am. Just look out for that email. You shouldn't have any further issues because the card will be canceled. Just hang on the line a moment while I confirm that cancellation.
OK, yeah. No problem.
Yes, Ma'am. OK. Your card was successfully canceled. Can you please verify your current mailing address where you would like your new card sent?
Yes, OK. So it is one four four four East Jacob Street. And that is in Miles City, Texas. One zero nine zero one is the ZIP.
Thank you. I'm sending you a new credit card. It will be express delivered to you tomorrow and it should arrive no later than Thursday.
Oh my gosh, that will be awesome. Thank you so much.
You're so welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that's it. Thank you again.
You're welcome. Have a blessed day.
You too. Thank you so much.
Goodbye.
Bye bye.
Hi and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is George, your representative to help you today. How may I help you?
Hi George. My name is Angela Garcia. I'm calling because I want to send some money to my friend who lives in Australia. and I wanted to know which is the best way to do that.
All right well I can definitely help you with that Angela. I would like to suggest a wire transfer. We have options for both domestic and international wire transfers and that way your friend can receive the money in their own bank.
Great. Yeah because she's having so much economic problems right now. I don't know if you know the situation there but it's awful. Well we have problems here too, you know? Because last month I was fired and but I I luckily got a new job now. So yeah I wanted to send her like five hundred dollars so she can she can get better. You know?
I am so sorry to hear about that situation with your friend in Australia and I really hope that things get better for her. I'm also sorry to hear about your situation as well and I I hope that you can if you're looking for a job you can find one soon.
Yeah, yeah. I really hope so. Thank you.
All right well let me go ahead and pull up your account information. First I'm gonna need your date of birth.
Yeah my date of birth is April the first, nineteen ninety-four.
All right, fantastic. And could. Do you happen to have your account number readily available?
Yeah. The number is two one six four five seven four six.
Perfect. All right let me go ahead and put that in here. And it seems you have a security question. what is the name of your first pet?
Yeah the name of my first pet is Thomas.
All right. And is that spelled with or without an H?
With an H.
Perfect. That's correct. All right. And now go ahead and Which is the account for which you would like to withdraw the money to be sent? is it the same one that you just mentioned? two one six four five seven four six?
Yeah that's the same number.
OK perfect. And you mentioned the dollar amount is five hundred dollars. Is that correct?
Yeah five hundred and dollars.
All right and we're going to be doing a an international transfer from outside from the United States to Australia. Is that correct?
Yeah. I wanted to ask you, how long will it take until she can get the money and can she make a withdraw when the money gets there?
I'm not exactly sure how long it will take. That depends on multiple factors including how long our bank can process the situation as well as her the receiving bank's end and once she receives it you'll again you'll have to ask the bank that she uses according to their policies for withdrawing, but according to most banks she should be able to withdraw it just as she would any other funds. now could I ask you for the routing number for her bank in Australia?
Yeah. The number is three two three seven seven seven one six nine nine.
Perfect. Thank you so much. And finally could you give me the bank account number for your friend?
Yeah. The number is five four one two seven eight seven two one.
Fantastic. Now I'll be making this transfer of five hundred dollars through wire transfer It looks like your available account balance right now is one thousand three hundred and fifty dollars and with the five hundred dollar transfer that should bring be bringing it down to eight hundred and fifty dollars. and this transfer should be taking place very shortly. Is there anything else that you would like to complete while I'm here with you?
No I think that's everything. I just want to send the money.
OK fantastic. Now in the future we also have options for online banking if you would like to send funds more conveniently in the future. would you like any more information about that before I go?
Yeah sure. You can just give me the the the place where I can check that and that's everything.
OK well if you go onto our website the official Intellibank website you should find how to sign up it should be easy since you already have an account and then follow all the instructions on there. it should help you to be able to do this from the convenience of your own home as well. is there anything else that I could help you with Mrs. Garcia before I head out?
No that's everything. You were very helpful. Thank you.
Thank you Garcia. It's been a pleasure and I hope you have a great day.
You too. Bye.
Good morning, Intellibank. This this is Kathrine. How can I help you?
Yeah. Hi Kathrine. This is Rollin Hard.
Hi Rollin how can I help you today?
Oh I was wondering where your nearest branch location is?
Sure I can help you with that can I please get an address?
Yeah. I'm over here at fifty-six west street San Diego California.
OK. Give me one moment to look this up for you. OK. It looks like the nearest location is going to be on twelve twelve sixtieth avenue.
Hey I got a quick question. Are you guys even open because the google results are showing that but a lot of business in this area are closed because of COVID.
that branch should be open yes. As far as I know. You might wanna give them a call and double check. Are you looking to go in there?
yeah actually I was thinking of opening up a savings account.
Oh. I can help you with that over the phone. That's not a problem.
Oh. That would save me the trip that'd be great. Wonderful.
Sure. I can definitely help you here. Let me get my screen pulled up here OK. I just need to get a little bit of personal information from you. OK. So you're wanting to open up a savings account you said. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. and are you just wanting to do the basic account or the plus account?
we'll do the basic account.
OK. That has a minimum of twenty-five dollars deposit to open it.
that's completely fine.
OK. Can I please get your first and last name and date of birth?
Yeah. That's Rollin Hard and it's January first nineteen seventy-nine.
OK. Can I please get your social security number.
That's five five eight zero zero zero one one two.
Perfect. I need to have a security question on your account do you have a question you would like me to add?
yeah my pet's name.
OK.
And that would be Pip. P I P.
OK. So just to reconfirm that. The security question is going to be, What is my pets name and your answer is going to be Pip. Correct?
Yes.
Perfect. I've got that down here for you.
People often call him the notorious P I P.
Oh I love cats. I have two of my own at home they're just they're a hoot. OK. So it looks like I've got your savings account all set up here what I'll need you to do is just deposit twenty-five dollars into that account you can either send a check for twenty-five dollars, go into the branch however you prefer to do it. We do have online banking if you would like to make a deposit that way from a different bank.
Yeah. I can use my PayPal card.
OK. Yep we can certainly do a deposit that way over the phone if you would like there is no fee to do that.
Yeah. My PayPal card number is zero zero one two nine seven nine seven thirty-nine seventy-six twenty-two forty-four.
OK. Give me one moment while I process the transaction. OK looks like it processed successfully so you'll have twenty-five dollars pulling out of that account. you should see it clear within two to three business days, and then I can also provide you with your new savings account number if you have a piece of piece of paper and a pen ready.
Yeah. Sure I got that ready.
OK. Your new savings account number is nine nine two seven nine.
That sounds good. Thank you.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. You've been a real hoot.
All right you have a good day now. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Linda. How can I help you today?
yes. I'm calling in regards to you know, finding a branch so I can open an account.
Oh. Are you trying to come in to open an account, because you know I can help with that over the phone?
Oh I didn't know that. I thought I had to go inside, you know, and fill out all the paperwork and stuff like that. And give copies of my ID and stuff.
Oh. actually, no, ma'am. I can totally help you over the phone with that.
Awesome. Thank you, I really appreciate that. That way I don't have to go anywhere with two screaming children.
Oh. I completely understand as I have twins, myself, at home. How old are your children?
two and five.
Oh. I have two year old twins myself, both boys.
Oh, wow. Well, maybe we can have. Get them to have a play date.
Are you anywhere near South Dakota?
no. I'm sorry. I didn't know you were that far. I thought you were in Florida, like me.
Oh, maybe when we take our Disney trip, we can link up.
Oh. All right. We'll have to exchange numbers after the phone call.
Alrighty then. So, you said you'd like to open an account?
Yes.
All right, I can totally help you with that. What type of account would you like to open? Checking, savings, credit card?
OK. See. I. You already read my mind, girl. I was trying to figure out if it was checking or savings. But let's start with a checking account and if I feel like it, we can always add a savings account on a later date.
Absolutely. Just so you know, we do offer free checks for all of our account holders.
That's wonderful.
Yes, ma'am it is. It's a great convenience. Saves you lots of money.
Oh. OK.
Well, great. I just need to get some information from you.
Sure. What do you need from me?
I need your first and last name, please.
It is Melissa Joseph. Do you need me to spell that for you?
yes, please .
OK. Last name is J O E S P H.
Thank you very much, Mrs. Joseph. And what is your date of birth?
It is February fourteenth nineteen ninety-six.
Oh Valentine's baby, huh? How exciting.
It definitely is.
I bet you get double the presents every year. Double the love.
Yep. Double the chocolate, too. Stuff I don't need.
I wouldn't mind double the chocolate. You can pass it along my way.
Yep. Yep. Give me the address, I'll mail it to you.
All right, Mrs. Joseph. And can I have your Social Security number, please?
can you give me one second. I don't have the information on me. But I can go in my wallet and get it for you.
Absolutely, ma'am.
Sure, one second, please.
All right, I'm back. I do apologize it took so long, I couldn't find my information.
Not a problem. Do you have that information handy?
Yes. I did find it. My Social is five six two three eight one one four five.
And that is five six two three eight one one four five?
Yes, ma'am.
All right, perfect. And just out of curiosity, which account type do you wish to use for the deposit? Checking or savings?
I'm gonna transfer money out of my savings account to this new checking account.
OK. Great. And what's the account number?
It is four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero.
And that is four six zero one five two four four eight one two two?
No. Everything was right except the last number. It's not two two. It's two zero.
I apologize. And that is four six zero one five two four four eight one two zero?
Yes.
OK. Got it. And how much money would you like me to transfer into this account to start off your checking account with us?
Is there a minimum that I need to transfer for no in order to be fees?
OK. Well our checking accounts, are currently we're offering for no fees. we do require a twenty dollar minimum balance.
OK. So I'm gonna go ahead and put two hundred in it from my savings.
So we're gonna be transferring two hundred dollars from your savings account ending in eight one two zero into this new checking account with us?
Yes.
Perfect. And I just need to get a security question from you. Example mother's maiden name, your first street address?
you can go ahead and do mother's maiden name.
Sure, and what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Weiss. W E I S S.
And that is W E I S S?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Sounds great. Well, Miss Joseph, your account is now open. And you will receive your account information and card by mail in the next three to five business days. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope. That was it, thank you very much.
Oh, thank
You for calling Intellibank. My name, again, is Linda. You have a great day.
You, too. Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great, Kim. Thanks for asking. How are you?
I'm doing great. It's been a wonderful weekend. I've enjoyed the weather outside it it really has been nice.
That is awesome. I am stuck in my office unfortunately working this weekend, so I only get to see it from my window but Yeah, it's been beautiful. I live at the beach and so it's been super muggy and hot and then finally finally it broke. I can't say that it's cool but it isn't muggy and hot anymore. At least the humidity's gone. So I look forward to the cooler temperatures coming. probably in November. We we we stay pretty warm here until. I mean sometimes we wear shorts here at Christmas which is awesome.
Oh, no.
Yeah, that is great.
I do enjoy that. I'm just ready for this humidity to go away so I can enjoy some beach days without sweating all our makeup off.
Yes.
Right, I'm hearing that. OK well that I would love to live at the beach. That really, really sounds exceptional.
It is! It's wonderful. I mean really there are no down sides except for living here in South Carolina. I don't know if you know much about it but it's like the buggiest of places. There's so many and it's like Spidertopia. There's spiders everywhere and I hate them.
Oh, no.
Yes. No, that's no good. I've been I've been to to Myrtle Beach South Carolina a couple of times but I mean I. Oh OK. I stayed in some hotels. I didn't experience too much you know too too many bugs but I haven't been I don't think in areas that are are extra buggy.
So.
There's that.
Yeah.
That's where I am.
Oh goodness, then you are blessed because let me tell you if you go to some of these apartment complexes or condos, I'm telling you there's a certain part of the year where you literally look like you've walked into the Arachnophobia movie. It's insane. It is so scary. Yes, yes! So I obviously really love the water to stay here.
No.
Oh yes! Oh my goodness.
Yeah.
OK, well I was calling today to check my account balance please.
Sure, I can help you with that. I know you said your first name's Kim. Can you tell me what your last name is please?
sure. My name is Kim and last name is Johns. J O H N S.
OK, thank you so much Miss Johns. I just have a few other questions to ask you so that I can access your account for you.
Sure.
can you please provide me with your date of birth?
my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Awesome, thank you so much. And your security question is what is your maidens. What's your . Excuse me. What is your mother's maiden name?
Mhm.
no worries. It's Murphy.
All right, awesome. And what type of account are we checking the balance on?
this is my my checking account.
Your checking account. OK. And can you please provide me with that account number?
Yes.
sure, let me see here. Hold on one second here. I just had it in front of me.
Sure, take your time.
I'm so sorry. I'm not sure thought I had it written down right in front of me and I cannot find it.
Oh no. OK. Well I can give you a few more moments if you'd like to look some more. I I unfortunately can't give you your account balance without that number being confirmed from you.
I understand. I understand absolutely.
One second here.
Sure, take your time Miss Johns.
I am having zero luck. I I I could have sworn I had it written right on this pad of paper and I've looked all through it and I cannot find it and I I don't I don't have my my checkbook right near me. and I actually am not quite sure right this moment where to where to find it. I did want to Man, I wanted to I wanted to close
My goodness.
I'm sorry. Go ahead.
I I had wanted to actually close my account. close my or excuse me my savings account with you as well and I had both of those account numbers written on the same paper and I can't find either.
Oh no! Well, I do apologize Miss Johns. I I cannot I can't give you any information about your balance if you don't have that account number handy. have you. Do you have access to your online banking account? Maybe you can find the number there?
I do have the I do have my online account set up. I'm sorry. I was just trying to look for those account numbers. I guess I'll have to call back.
OK. All righty. Well, I do apologize. I certainly wish that I could help you with this today. and and you said the second thing that you wanted was to close your savings account.
Right.
Right.
Yeah and I can't find either account number so, you know, I know you won't be able to help me with that either.
Don't worry. I I hate that. Well, Miss Johns we're open for a couple of more hours so if you're able to locate those account numbers please do give us a call back. Also, check your online banking account I'm pretty sure there's somewhere. I I feel like there's somewhere on the online banking account where you can find those numbers, but I'm not sure because we have had some updates to the website so it may only display the last six digits.
Unfortunately.
OK.
So I I'm not certain. I I need to familiarize myself with that as well. I do apologize. was there anything else that I could do for you today?
Nope, that's everything.
OK Miss Johns. I I again, we appreciate your loyalty and your business here at Intellibank and I I hope you can find those account numbers and if I don't speak to you again, have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Thank you. You too, hun.
Thank you! Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
I've I've misplaced my card. I can't find it.
All right, so do you wanna go ahead and report that card stolen or lost, I mean?
I guess so.
All right. Can I get the name on the account, please?
Dan Thomas, T H O M A S.
All right, thank you. And your date of birth please?
Five twelve nineteen sixty.
All right, and can I get the number, the card number for the card that has been displaced?
What? I don't know that. I don't have it. If I had it, I wouldn't be calling.
All right, Mr. Thomas. Can I get the account number for the account the card is associated with?
I don't have the account number.
I don't I don't have the account number. I don't, I don't know what you're asking.
I need the, the the number for the account that your that that card was linked to, sir. Your, if it was a debit card it would be you checking account.
OK, let me let me grab a check and let's get it off it. OK. I've got it.
All right, sir. If you could just read that number out for me.
Seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine.
All right, sir. And the last four of your social to verify your identity, please?
Eight zero one one.
All right, sir. And can I get the date that you misplaced that card?
last time I used it, let's see, that was probably three days ago. that would've been September eighteenth, twenty twenty-one.
All right, sir. And do you remember the last business where you used that card?
Probably Walmart.
All right, sir. So you you have not used that card to your knowledge at a hot dog stand in New York City?
On two days ago?
No.
OK, I will mark that. And I'm seeing another one here for this morning. and it looks like at a hotel also in New York City.
No, it wasn't me. I don't live in New York.
All right, sir. I will mark those both down as potentially fraudulent and escalate that for our team as you've indicated that the the card is no longer in your possession. Is that correct?
That's correct. Can you go ahead and lock the card where it can't be used?
of course, sir. I can I can lock that card down and we'll go ahead and issue a a new card. for you. So that card will no longer be associated with this account. And you'll just need to put that new card information on anything that you may have automatic billing using that card or subscription services with that card. And you can expect that new card in the mail in seven to ten business days.
OK, that sounds great.
All right, sir. I've got that taken care of for you. And if our investigation team needs any additional information from you they will reach out to you personally. but other than that, I've gone ahead and escalated that and got a new card issued which should arrive in seven to ten business days. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't think so. How's the weather where you're at?
Oh, the weather's been not too bad. It's pretty sunny here. been cool, but not pretty good weather really.
Well, that's good. It's been raining here.
I certainly don't like the rain and I'd I'd rather it be sunny as long as it keeps from being really, really hot.
OK.
All right, Mr. Thomas. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No.
All right. Well, if you'll hold on the line after we disconnect, there will be a brief survey for you to let us know about your experience and how we can better serve you in the future. And if there's nothing else I can help you with then I will let you have a wonderful rest of your afternoon.
All right, thank you.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. My name is Steven, how may I help you?
yes, this is Dan Thomas. T H O M A S, and your name is Steven?
Yes, sir. My name is Steven.
good deal. I believe I talked to you the other day. I was having an issue with my checking account. I was seeing if one of my deposits has been deposited and and I you helped me with that issue, so, I need to check my account balance for my checking account, please.
Yes, Mr. Thomas, I do remember that call the other day. can I have you go ahead and give me your date of birth, please?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you, and then the last four of your social?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you, sir. And then just to verify your identity, if you could answer the following question what was the street that you grew up on?
Glenn Ridge Street.
All right, thank you, sir. I've got that verified. And I got your checking account pulled up here. And you were wanting to know the available balance, is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, it is showing that your available balance as of today is one thousand eighty-six dollars and fifty-two cents.
OK. That sounds great. can you tell me if the if my checking account receives any interest?
Certainly, let me pull that details up on your account.
And.
If it does, can you tell me what the interest rate is?
Absolutely. it yes. Your checking account does have an accrue interest. And that interest rate is point zero zero zero one percent annually on all funds in excess of one thousand dollars.
OK. Sounds good.
All right, sir. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
do you offer car loans?
We absolutely do do auto loans, Mr. Thomas. if that is something that you are interested in I can transfer you to our loan department. if you would like to apply for one.
OK. I'm just checking the interest rates on a on a thirty-six month note.
Absolutely. let me pull that up here. I've got an estimator tool. I can let you know generally about where that would be. All right, you said that was a thirty-six month loan?
Yes. and probably a twenty thousand dollar loan.
All right. Twenty thousand dollars over thirty-six months. would you be having a down payment in that loan, at all?
no.
All right. Let me fill out the rest of this information here. so our interest rates are gonna be based on the prime rate. which currently is four and a half percent.
OK.
And and then our prime interest rate on top of that would be two interest points, so you're looking at about the the best interest rate that you could potentially qualify for would be six and a half percent.
Six and a half, OK. That's not too bad. All right and is that something you you could assist me with, or would I need to speak to somebody else?
if you're interested in applying for that loan, I I can transfer you to the loan department. they have access to all the tools for that and can gather that information from you and try and get you approved as fast as possible.
OK. well, let me think about it. And then I'll give you a call back if I decide to to apply for a loan.
Absolutely, sir. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well, if you'll hang on the line for me, there will be a brief survey that you can fill out. Let us know how we did today and how we can better service your banking needs in the future. And if there's nothing else that I can assist you with then you have a wonderful afternoon.
OK. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Good afternoon.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I'm calling for two reasons actually.
I need to check the balance of my account and then I'm also looking for a branch near me out of town.
And for some reason I don't know what's going on. I can't get my phone service to pull up a a a pull up the internet so I'm not abled to search for a branch near me.
OK. I can certainly help you with that, Kim. bear with me just a moment. I wanna get a little bit of information so I can help you with these issues. OK?
OK. Thanks.
Very welcome. So what is your last name?
my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
All right. Thank you so much Ms. Johns. And what is your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK, thank you so much. And also what is your account number that you want me to check and is it savings or checking?
I'd like to check my checking and let me see for one moment. I have the account number right here.
OK.
OK. My account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much.
And let me see here.
your security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Murphy.
All right. Thank you so much.
OK. OK. Here we go. So it looks like your account balance is five thousand five hundred dollars and thirteen cents.
OK.
All right. And you also wanted me to look up a branch where you are. And and where are you?
I'm in Saint Augustine, Florida.
OK. I love that place.
Oh, you've been here before? This is my first time and I am absolutely in love.
Oh, my God.
Yes.
Oh, my goodness there's so much to do and see. You definitely have to go to the fountain of youth.
Yes.
gorgeous beautiful oaks, Spanish oaks with the moss hanging down, tree tunnels. I don't know if you're a fan of trees. I love trees so much. Some of the best tree tunnels I've ever seen down there. Really really pretty.
Oh, yes.
let me think of somewhere else that I absolutely love. there's a restaurant there that I had the most amazing hot fish and crab dip I've ever had in my life. Like I wanted to go back every single night and eat that.
Oh.
Just that appetizer. Oh my goodness, Miss Johns. I can't say enough about how delicious this just this little appetizer is. It's so good. damn. I can't think of the place. it'll come to me. I definitely want you to try that out. Let me think. Where else did I go? Oh!
Yeah. That sounds really good.
There's a gas station there that has the most amazing pizza. I know it sounds crazy.
A gas station? Wow.
A gas station.
Yes.
you have to go. It's it's it's unbelievable. let me see if I can find the name of that gas station. Oh, it's.
Car.
It's Carmelo's. Pizzeria but it's literally on the side of a gas station.
Oh wow! OK. I think I read about Carmelo's. I don't think. I didn't know it was on the side of a gas station but.
It's.
Yeah.
I I read about. That that's in the like if you look at you know Yelp or some of the guides that that tell you what's good in town.
mhm.
Mm excuse me. Sorry about that.
That's OK.
They are they're one of the top ones and a lot of people. Their pizza's rated really really highly. So I definitely am gonna have to check that out now that I got a second opinion on the phone here.
I'm telling you it will you will not regret it and the pizza the large it's ginormous. So you know I don't know if you're down there with family but you know it feeds. You can eat on that pizza for two days.
Oh, awesome.
Yeah.
Very very good and and well worth the money. So yeah definitely don't forget to try that out. And I I'm so sorry. I can't think of the place.
I wish so badly I could think of the name of that restaurant. You'd think I'd know because I'm ready to live there.
Well I can search it. I can google for fish dips, see what I can find.
I can.
Well, it's right downtown when you go over the bridge where all those really pretty boats are. You know what I mean?
The bridge that's really ornate and it's
Yeah, I think so. I think I know what you mean.
Yeah, right.
Exactly. Like you're going towards the college. It's literally to your left hand side as you are coming off of that bridge.
Right.
Oh, OK. OK, I'll have to check that out.
Like.
Yeah.
Straight to the left. It's got a like a an iron wrought iron gate around it. It almost looks like some somewhere you'd see in New Orleans.
Oh wow, OK.
and it has two levels. Yeah, definitely check that out. Their hot fish dip is amazing.
So let me see here. And you were looking for a branch. So I found a couple while we were chatting.
OK.
there's one on seven nine zero North Ponce de Leon Boulevard.
Oh, great. OK. I think I know the I think I know that area.
That actually might be near where the fountain of youth is.
OK.
Yes, yes. Yes it is.
OK.
Perfect.
Yeah.
So was there anything I that could help you with today, Ms. Johns?
no. That's everything I needed. Thank you. You've been more than helpful. Gave me some good eating ideas as well. So thank you so much for your help today. I really appreciate it.
you are very welcome.
And was there any other accounts that you needed me to check?
no. That's everything. Thanks so much again. I appreciate it.
You're very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day and vacation, Ms. Johns.
You too, hon.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
yes, hello. I'm calling to I have a I have multiple accounts in this bank but I'm calling about my credit card today. I have a charge that I need to dispute.
can you help me with that over the phone?
Absolutely, I can. first of all let me open your accounts up and find out to see what you're talking about. I'm gonna need some information
Can I start with having your full name?
yes. My name is Sara.
S A R A. Dunning. D U N N I N G.
I live at forty-five forty-two Cherry Street. C H E R R Y. street.
let's see. What else do you need from me?
Actually, we'll just take it one piece at a time. So I have your name which is Sara Dunning. I do not need your address but I am going to need your date of birth.
OK I'm sorry. It's oh eight eight seven nineteen eighty.
OK and also I would like to if you had it handy I would like to have your driver's license number.
OK that is two one two oh six oh seven one three.
OK thank you. Let me pull up your account here. Just give me one second.
Huh OK. No problem. I mean like I feel like I have to have like all my pieces of information like out in front of me. It's so funny. It's like if you ask me without having it in front of me I wouldn't even know if I will remember my own address. I'm just not used to saying it as many times.
That's no problem. We actually didn't need your address but for you said that you were disputing a charge. Did you say it was gonna be on your credit card account?
yes. It's gonna be on my credit card.
Well for that account, I need one extra piece of information because you have a security measure set up. for that. Just so people you know to keep it safe and it's gonna need It's a security question and I'm gonna need your mother's maiden name.
OK. That one's easy. That is Martin. M A R T I N.
OK. I'm looking into. I have all your accounts in front of me. I have all your checking, savings your credit card account and you called about disputing a charge on your credit card. Correct?
yes. So I am looking here. I have a double charge on my credit card. It's for fourteen ninety-nine on on June twentieth from a company called Roebucks. I am fine with one charge but they charged me twice for the same exact thing. So I'm gonna need that to be disputed and like delete it. I don't wanna pay it twice.
OK. That's no problem. I see exactly what you're talking about. I see that you were charged twice. Basically, a minute apart from the same company and on the same date and you have you have a security and fraud protection plan on this account so we're gonna flag it and we're gonna make sure that it's look into and it's it's taken care of. that's should be no problem. Let me make the notes on the account now.
Oh yeah. You know while I got you on the phone the other day I actually got something in in the mail about my my credit card saying that like the interest rates were going up.
But I thought like since I already had the account you know I was like grandfathered in and I I don't know why it will be like going up.
Oh OK. No problem. I'll be happy to take take a look at that too we'll go ahead and get this charge dispute taken care of and then we will go ahead and take a look of your interest rates. So for the for the credit card you have two charges. Fourteen ninety-nine from Roblox Roebucks on six twenty twenty-one. I'm going to go ahead and flag one of them.
You will not be charged the second fourteen ninety-nine. It will still stay on your account for like fourteen business days that's just a standard procedure for someone to look into it to investigate it and make sure that it's an unnecessary, irrelevant charge that it's being disputed and it will be taken care of.
let me see here.
OK and let me into your credit card and just. Just to be sure about the interest rates, will you actually go ahead and verify your account number, your actual credit card number for me?
yes. It's four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
OK. I just want to make sure that's the number that we're gonna use to take a look at the interest rates. Hold on. Let me pull up the page that has all of the ongoing revisions.
I actually. Actually, you know what if we got the dispute taken care of I'm not even sure what I saw the other day. Honestly. It might had just been just a piece of junk mail so if we have that dispute taken care of I'm just gonna like leave it alone cuz I gotta get off the phone. I'm on my lunch break so I can't sit here too long.
Oh OK. No problem. I mean I will be happy to look into this for you. It will take a few minutes but the dispute is taken cared of.
You will know. You know, like I said, in in two weeks that that should be completely off your account. You will be charged the fourteen ninety-nine one time.
That will be come out of your account Goddard Roebucks but the second one will be null and void.
other than that is there anything else I can help you with today?
no. I think I'm gonna look into. I I'll have to look over that piece of mail more carefully before we get into this. I could be completely wrong and I I don't wanna sit here waste anybody's time. I I just kinda glanced at it.
OK, ma'am. No problem. You take a look at that and if you have any questions, please feel free to call us and we will explain anything to you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
no. Actually, that this is perfect. Thank you. Thank you for taking care of that dispute for me I. I'll keep a eye on it and hopefully it'll be gone in two weeks.
Yes, ma'am. You thank you for calling and have a great day. Bye.
Hello, this is Lola Dollar at Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, yeah this is Barry Allen yeah I have a I'm seeing a purchase on my transaction history for over three hundred for three hundred dollar over three hundred dollars for two new tires from Walmart I did not get two new tires. Now I've called before. Because I saw a transaction but it just for for for some groceries and I and I didn't think much of it. I thought, OK, someone got my info and you guys sent me a new card, so but I know card changed anything. But now, it's happened again, I'm assuming in the same and it's in the same area. So did you guys not change my info? On y'all's end?
We, we did.
And
Did. Are. And did you not send me the right card? I thought you sent me stuff that would prevent this from happening.
we did but sometimes it
What do you got for me?
Oh yeah yeah yeah keep laughing.
Sometimes things just happen. but I can I can report this. I'm gonna ask you to I'm gonna ask you a few questions. what's your date of birth?
Oh, helpful.
My date of birth is January second nineteen ninety-seven.
All right. And what's your credit card number?
yeah, I got it. Right here. My credit card number is seven seven eight one seven nine five seven three three one one two four five four five. You got it?
Yes, sir. and what is your mother's maiden name?
Brownstein.
All right so what's the dollar amount for of the relevant transaction? For the transaction you're disputing?
For this one? For the second one?
For the second time someone's used my card?
Yes.
It's three hundred sixty-six dollars and twelve cents.
All right.
They got the good stuff of my stuff because you guys did not protect not protect my card.
All right and what was the date of the transaction you're wanting to dispute?
It was on June thirteenth.
All right so does anyone else have access to the account?
No. No one else has access to the account. What can you what other info do you need?
All right
Cause I got it all here. And can we just get this done with please?
Have you I have just a few more questions.
OK.
Have you contacted the business that made the transaction?
Yes, and they said I could only figure this out with y'all.
All right.
They the purchase was made online. It was under my name, they said. And so they said I had to come with you guys to figure out how to protect my to protect my info.
All right, so this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna lock the card to protect against further fraudulent transaction. We're gonna investigate this transaction and we'll get back with you within a week.
A week?
It might be two weeks.
Oh come on!
is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah. What's your name again?
You know what, it's fine. It's fine. I I I got it I wrote it down. I wrote it down. It's fine. OK. I'm keeping track of this. If this happens again, it's your ass. OK. so what are you gonna do? Are you gonna send me a new card?
we can we can send you a new card. We'll we'll send you a a new card. Would you would you like to close this account and open a new card with us?
Well it didn't help much last time. Are y'all just gonna freeze this one for now? Can I just take out some cash and y'all can just freeze this for now?
Yes. I can when when when would you like me to freeze it?
Freeze it just freeze it tonight can you can you set it up to be automatic?
Do you have to do it yourself?
We can we can schedule it.
To be automatic?
Yeah.
Great. I'm gonna take out some cash to make a few more purchases just just to last. we got this figured out just ten p.m. tonight, have them close it down. Just lock. Freeze it. Freeze it. Don't close my account. Freeze it. God!
OK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
you can find whoever did this and lock them up. Can you do that for me?
We'll do our best.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure while you I glad you'll do your best you haven't done your best at anything else today. all right, so ten p.m. that card's gonna freeze, right? It's gonna be a freeze. No one else can mess with it.
Yes sir.
Great. I'm a get cash out. I'm a just manage myself. No thanks to you. Bye!
Thank you for calling Intellibank dot com. This is Sherry speaking. How may I help you today?
Hey. I was needing to check up on my checking account.
OK. were you wanting to check the balance?
yes, ma'am. I was.
OK. Your name, please.
My name is Daisy Buchanan.
OK and your street address?
It is two seven eight Gatsby Road Magee, Mississippi three nine one one one.
Thank you for that and may I have your driver's license, please.
I forgot that in my purse. I'll be right back.
OK. I have it. It is eight zero one seven three seven two seven nine.
And I already know you're gonna ask my social security is three eight seven one.
OK. Thank you for that information. And you did say it was a checking account you were checking on?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. May I have that account number, please?
mhm. It is seven four eight eight one two three two nine.
OK. Thank you for that information and for security purposes may I ask your mother's maiden name, please?
I believe her maiden name is Brown?
OK. Thank you for verifying that information. can you just give one moment while I get that account pulled up?
OK. How's your day been, ma'am?
It has been great. We've been a little busy but I always enjoy helping our customers here. How about your day?
it has been good. I came back from a trip with my kids. We did all these other stuff and got home. It's just a bit stressful. I've found this thing on my checking account and I just needed to check up on it and make sure everything is OK.
Yes, ma'am. I'll be glad to get to that just as soon as I get your balance.
OK. I've got your account pulled up and it's showing your balance is fourteen thirty-seven twenty-nine. Does that sound correct?
almost. I need to dispute this transaction I found for Piggly Wiggly.
it's eighty-one dollars and thirty-seven cents.
OK. May I have the date of transaction, please?
It was September ninth.
OK and what is the reason for your dispute, please?
I've been out. Like I said, I've been out with my kids and we haven't been here this whole time.
And I'm the only one with this card. No one else has it. No one else has access to my account and this is the stressful because I don't know what happened. I guess someone did something I don't know.
OK. So nobody is an account an authorized account user and has another card to the account, your husband or anyone.
No. No one.
OK. All right. Lemme get this keyed in and I'll just give you a brief rundown on the process for count transaction disputes. What we do is we turn this in to our investigation team. They'll investigate the transaction. I can't give you an exact date or time frame that it'll be completed. It's just due to their workload on how long that will be completed. But they will notify you by email with the email address associated with the account when that is done but in the meantime, we will credit the amount of the disputed transaction back to your account until the investigation is completed that way you will have access to that amount and that should take that should take place within about forty-eight hours and then after the dispute if they whatever the findings are, it will be you know notified to you, like I said, via email and if you need further information, you could just give the investigations team a call back.
was there anything else I could assist you with today?
Yeah. I was also wondering if there's any other way to do a dispute or you know just anything really.
besides calling the helpline?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, yes. Our online banking tool you will just go to Intellibank dot com. That's I N T E L L I bank dot com and you would. If you've never used the service before, you would just sign up for an account you create a user ID and password answer some security questions that are associated with your account here with us and then you go back to the log in screen where it would redirect you. You put your new user ID and password in and then it will take you to a screen with your account. And then you just select from the dropdown menu which account you would like to dispute the transaction on I see you have a savings and a checking account with us and then you would select, from the action dropdown menu, dispute transaction. And then the last thirty days worth of transactions will come up and you just click the radio button next to the transaction in question and select that. And it will ask, are you sure you want to dispute the transaction. You select yes and the reason to that status because you move forward and select yes, you can no longer go back and redo that. Like it it'll be final at once you complete is completed and then once you hit yes on that screen. Then you will get a confirmation screen stating that your dispute has been successfully completed and it'll give you the information on the details that I just gave you about the investigation team and then it'll tell you how they'll you know contact you via email and that's it. But you can do that twenty-four seven, online, and you can also. It's a very convenient service. I use it myself. You can also check you account balance. If there's any pending transactions. You can download and print your bank statements. transfer funds between accounts and anything else you can do with us here at the helpline and anytime you need us at the helpline, we're more than happy to assist so you can call us anytime within our business hours of nine to five. But and if you need help with the setup process of the account, we'll be happy to walk you with that walk you through that step by step as well was there anything else that I could assist you with today?
No but thank you so much. This. You've been amazing.
Thank you so much and again my name is Sherry. Thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a nice day.
Yeah. Thank you. You too.
Good afternoon, this is Intellibank. How can I help you?
I'm calling again regarding my account balance. I called earlier but was put on hold so I hung up.
Yes, I was informed about your call. Sorry for the inconvenience. May I have your first and last name?
yeah my name is Michael Smith.
OK, may I please have your date of birth?
It's March fourteen nineteen ninety-two.
OK, thank you. May I have your credit card number?
sure, my card number is four five three two one five three six two zero two three nine seven five two.
OK, give me a moment to check. OK now I will have to ask you a security question to confirm your identity.
OK, sure. Go ahead.
What's the name of your first pet?
Lola.
OK, thank you. Your identity has been confirmed. OK Mister Smith what type of bank account are you inquiring about?
I'm calling about my checking account.
OK, may I have the account number you wish to withdraw money from?
sure, the account number is six two seven eight seven six five five.
OK, thank you. Give me a moment to check.
Has it been busy lately with the pandemic and all?
not really but sometimes it can get a bit overwhelming especially right now since we are understaffed.
Oh that's unfortunately. Hopefully things can go back to normal soon.
OK, I got your account balance. As of right now your account balance is six thousand five hundred and forty-three.
OK, thank you.
Is there any other account you'd like me to check?
yeah. Can I check my savings account balance as well?
Yes of course. Can I have your savings account number?
It's nine two six eight seven one five two.
OK, give me a moment to check for you. OK, your savings account balance is eight thousand three hundred and twenty-one dollars.
OK, thank you. is there any other way to check my balance without having to call you guys?
Yes, you can use our online banking app.
OK.
Would you like me to show you how to check your account balance through our online app?
Yes. I'd really appreciate that.
You can download Intellibank app through the Apple or Play Store. You can also use the website to log into your bank and you would just have to type your user ID and password then you will access the app. You will see a tab on the upper right corner that says balance. You will click on it and choose which account you would like to access for example checking or savings account. Is there any other questions you have for me about the online app? Online banking app?
no, I think I understand how to check my balance with the app.
OK Mr. Smith, is there anything else you need me to help you with?
no thank you. That will be all.
OK, my name is Scott. Thank you for your time and have a nice day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Keyomi. How can I help you today ?
hi. I need to send some money to my mother.
OK sir. does she have an account here?
no, I'm afraid not.
Oh do you have her account information?
well, yes I do. I have that.
OK sir. Well if you bank here you can transfer and you could do a wire transfer to her account.
OK.
OK. So you'd like to do that?
Yes, please.
All right sir. So before I complete your request I need to ask a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
OK. This started can I have your first and last name please?
My name is Daniel Taylor.
Daniel Taylor.
Yes.
and your date of birth.
My date of birth is ten twenty-three one nine seven four.
Ten twenty-three nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
OK sir. I need some authenticating information. can I have a driver's license or credit card number?
my driver license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK again that number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes.
Alright sir, for security purposes could you give me your mother's maiden name please?
Yes, my mother maiden name is Marley.
OK sir. So your mother's maiden name is Marley, all right. So you wanted to go ahead and do a wire transfer?
Yes.
Would that be with from your checking or savings account?
From my checking please.
Alright sir. Could you give me that account number please?
yes. That number is five one four three three six seven three seven oh.
All right sir. So you gave me the number five one four three three six seven three seven zero.
Yes.
Hold just one moment while I look up your account.
OK sir. You currently have a balance of six thousand four hundred and ninety-five dollars.
OK.
How much were you wanting to transfer?
I'd like to transfer let me see. let's make it two thousand.
Alright. OK. I'm gonna need a little information about the recipient. Is this transfer going to be domestic or international?
domestic.
Alright. Could I get the recipient's first and last name please?
N Emma Taylor.
All right sir. Could I get the city, street, and ZIP code?
Yes.
I mean city, state, and ZIP code.
OK, Chicago, Illinois ZIP code six zero six one zero.
OK. That is Chicago, Illinois six zero six one zero.
Yes.
Alright sir which account type are you gonna transfer to?
Checking or savings?
Checking, please.
Alright could you give me the routing number?
Yes. the routing number is eight zero nine five six two zero zero zero.
Alright. read that back to you. It's eight zero nine five six two zero zero zero.
Yes.
Alright sir. Could I get the account number please?
The account number is seven eight five one five five.
So you said seven eight five one five five.
Yes. This is some weather we're having here. How's it down there?
Oh it's actually pretty pleasant down here we went through a rain storm but now everything's settled down.
that's good.
Oh, and what's the weather like where you're located?
it's rainy and then it's sunny then it's rainy. You can't tell.
Oh.
Oh that's well the least you get your plants getting a lot of that rain now.
yeah.
OK sir. in order to transfer this I'm gonna need to know a little bit more information. we offer same same day, next day, and three day transfers. For same day it'll be thirty dollar fee, next day be ten and if you decide with the three days, it'll be three dollar fee. Which.
K I'll do it the next day.
OK. So that'll be a ten dollar fee. So you will receive a debit from your account of two thousand ten dollars in order to do this transfer.
All right.
Give me one moment while I set that transfer up for you, sir.
OK.
Alright sir. This transfer has been processed. Again you went for next day delivery so it should be in that account in twenty-four hours. You can check your account make sure the balance has been debited out and also contact your recipient and let them know have a look what to look for and what timing it should be that way you can verify that it's actually going into that account.
All right. Thank you.
All right. So I have a confirmation number if you would like for this transaction.
nah. No, ma'am.
Oh.
OK. So will that be all for you today sir?
that's it. Thank you.
Thank you very much mister Taylor. Enjoy the rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kiran. How may I help you today?
Hi, yes, my name is Sam Butler. B U T L E R. And I need to see if there's a branch located near me, and I need to check my account balance. My checking account balance.
Absolutely, Mr. Butler. can I first off know what city you're wanting to find one of our branches in, please.
I I live at six ninety-two Prairie Street, Des Moines, Iowa, seven six seven three five. And I need to check if there's a branch nearby that. Nearby me.
All right, no problem. Let me go ahead and put that information in and find what the closest branch to you is.
All right, it looks like we have two branches within twenty miles of you. would you like just the closest branch, or would you like information on both of those branches?
Give me the address of the closest branch.
All right. The closest branch looks like it's going to be eight miles from the address you gave me. And the address of that branch is four one three Mockingbird Avenue. And it's in Des Moines Iowa.
OK. I think I might know where that's at.
All right. And would you like to know the operating hours of that branch, sir?
yes.
Absolutely. That branch is going to be open Monday through Friday from eight a.m. to five p.m. and Saturdays from nine a.m. to two p.m..
Oh, cool, that's good. You're open on Saturday. Most banks are not even open on Saturday anymore. That's great.
Yes, sir. We do like to offer that as an extra service. We know not everybody can take care of their banking needs just Monday through Friday. So we do like to give that as an option to our customers.
OK
And was there anything else I could help you with today, sir?
I. I need to check my account balance on my checking.
Absolutely. if you would go ahead and verify your name for me one more time, sir.
Sam Butler. B U T L E R.
All right. Thank you for that information. And can I get the last four digits of your social security number?
Five two four six. And my. My birthday is January seventh. Two thousand one.
All right, Mr. Butler. I've got your account pulled up here. And I see you have a checking and a savings? And just to verify one more time, you were wanting to check the balance of your checking, is that correct?
My checking account, yes.
All right. Shows you have an available balance today of Fifty-six dollars and forty-two cents.
Cool. so how long have you worked at the bank?
Oh, well, I've been working at Intellibank now for five years, I believe. Or just coming up on five years.
Oh, that's. That's good. You like it?
Yeah, I really like working here. It's. it's a good family atmosphere, and it's get to meet a lot of interesting people, fielding these calls every day.
All right. Can I go ahead and check my savings account also?
Absolutely, Mr. Butler. Let me switch screens here and pull up your savings account.
All right. The available balance as of today in your savings account is one thousand four hundred and ninety-six dollars and twelve cents.
OK I'm gonna need to be ordering. Ordering some checks pretty soon. can I do that online, or can you do that for me, or how do I do that?
You can absolutely order your checks online, Mr. Butler, or I can go ahead and place that order for you right now. Whichever way you'd prefer.
OK, how much are my checks?
they are free for checking account holders. so you wouldn't have to pay anything.
That sounds great. and how many do I get?
every book of checks comes with a hundred and fifty checks, I believe.
OK. Yeah. Give me a box of those.
A box of those? All right. A box comes with five books. So that should be quite a few checks for you there, Mr. Butler. And I'll go ahead and get that order placed. you can expect to receive them in three to five business days. and if you could verify your address on file for me one more time, so I make sure we get these to the correct address.
Six ninety-two Prairie Street, Des Moines, Iowa. Eight four three seven six is the ZIP code.
All right. I will get those sent out to you as soon as possible. make sure to keep out an eye for them in your mailbox in three to five business days.
OK, I appreciate your time.
Absolutely, Mr. Butler, and I appreciate you being such a loyal and long term customer with Intellibank. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't think so.
All right, Mr. Butler. And if you don't mind, there will be a transfer to a survey at the end of the call. and if you don't mind filling that out for us, let you know. Let us know how your experience today was, we would greatly appreciate it.
OK, sounds great.
All right, Mr. Butler. You have a great day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. How can I. what's your first and last name? Sorry.
Oh. It's Marsha Stevens.
Marsha Stevens, OK. How you doing today, Mrs. Stevens?
I'm doing all right, Jake.
Mm OK. can I get your date of birth?
It's one one nineteen sixty.
OK. OK, and for security purpose can I get your driver license or state ID number?
Yes. P G one three three seven four eight.
Mm OK. And, also for security purpose can I get your email?
well, that's why I'm calling. I wanna change my email. Update my email.
OK. what was your old email?
It was organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Organic peach at Gmail dot com. OK. You say you wanted to change that?
Right.
Mm OK.
Will that be a problem?
No. It will . We'll definitely do that.
OK.
All righty. Now when I change it, will all my information go towards this email or the old email?
No it will be every. Everything that we update today will be going to will be current. Yeah.
The new ebye bye. OK.
Perfect.
Alrighty. all right let's just get into the system.
Perfect.
OK.
how are you today?
I'm great. How about yourself?
I'm doing good. Doing good. Pretty early in the morning.
Yes. Yes.
Pretty early in the morning, but hey. All right. What's your new email?
My email would be pineapple hint at Gmail dot com.
You said pineapple?
Hint.
Hint.
H I N T.
Pineapple hint.
Yes.
At Gmail dot com.
Yes.
Mm OK. So. I guess you like fruit.
Yep, love fruit.
OK. Alrighty. we got that updated. Do you need anything else? You need to know your account balance?
No not at this time. I have a question. Now you say that even though my. Now do they automatically just take out the old one and then put in a new one?
Mkay.
I mean.
The old or new email?
Yes.
yeah, yeah. everything. Once I once I hit submit on this, you will get a confirmation on this new email.
OK. OK.
That everything from your account every. All the updates and all the alerts will go to this new email.
Oh perfect.
OK.
Perfect.
So, pineapple hint at Gmail dot com. You'll get your checking and savings alerts.
Right.
Oh, OK. Great. Great. That's that's what I want. You know how long would the updates will take?
it should be instantaneously. Matter of fact I say within the next five or ten minutes. You should be getting the email right about now.
Oh, OK. OK.
OK.
That way. Yeah we. That that's one thing I can say about our systems, they they do update fairly.
OK.
Quickly.
Quickly, yeah. Compared to other ones. Some some wait two to three days. ours is actually very responsive.
Right.
Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
OK. So the address and everything will just respond to. The the same email.
Yes. That. The only thing that was changed was was that and everything else should be copasetic.
Oh,
Great. Great. Great.
have you update. Did the latest update on your app?
I don't know. I don't think I did, but I will.
OK. Yeah, just make. Make sure you hit look at the update settings that way you can get up to date and it it's a better. It's a better app nowadays than it was before. So but yeah. that about it?
I will.
Oh, OK.
Yes. That's that's all I called for for today. Yeah, that's about it. Thank you. I appreciate your help.
Hey, no problem, Ms. Stevens. you have a lovely day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
OK. Thank you.
No problem. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cathy. How may I help you today?
hi, I called earlier about my checking account count balance but I forgot to write it down so I'm calling to see about my checking account.
OK great I'd be happy to help you with that. If I could get your first and last name please?
My name is Julie Williams.
OK thank you Julie. If I could get your date of birth?
It's seven twenty-five nineteen fifty-seven.
OK and one more question for you if I could get an account number, credit card number, just something to verify your information?
OK my account number is one five zero one oh six eight five.
Thank you so much for that. I do have a security question I do need to ask you. If you could tell me the street that you grew up on.
Buckingham.
Thank you so much for that. You asked me for your balance today?
Yeah my checking account.
OK I'm showing at this time you have five hundred forty-five dollars and seventy-five cents in your account.
OK let me write that down. Let's see it was five hundred and.
Forty-seven dollars and seventy-five cents.
OK I got that down. Yeah I was I I was going to the grocery store and I totally forgot to write down the number and I got to the grocery store and wasn't sure if I had enough money so, yes thank you for for helping me out with this problem.
Oh that's OK not a problem. I hope you found everything you needed at the grocery store today. is there anything else I can help you with today?
Let's see. I'm not sure. I think I'm I think good?
OK before I let you go, did you know that we do offer online banking services here? You could look up your balance at anytime on your phone or your home computer?
No I didn't know about that. Could you tell me about it?
Oh absolutely! You can check your balance online, we offer bill pay, you could pay your bills online if you'd like to. To get started you just go to our website and you click on sign up here for bill pay.
And that will check my balance? For bill pay?
That will.
That will well that. The bill pay and the online banking. You get on to the online banking and you can check your balance. You can make transfers between your accounts and then you, from there you can sign up for bill pay and you can pay pretty much any one you want.
Wow. I never heard of anything like that before. well it's a great service, and it's free?
So instead of writing checks you can do it through the bill pay and no more writing checks or buying stamps .
Oh wow that does sound convenient.
Absolutely.
Yeah I'm, I'm pretty busy a lot of the time and I just you know would like to do something. But I'm not that good with technology like is there somebody that could help me if I'm get messed up?
Absolutely. If you start the process and get stuck at any point or you just want us to walk you through the process from start to finish then feel free to call us anytime you're ready.
mm OK.
Are there any other accounts you want to check today?
while we're at it let's check the savings account.
OK great. Let's see I'm showing you have one thousand five hundred forty-three dollars in your savings account.
Oh! OK that's good. That's more than I thought I had.
Well bonus for you today then huh?
Yeah. All right well I think that's everything I called for.
OK great well thank you so much for calling Intellibank and give us a call anytime you need our help.
OK, that's wonderful. Thank you so much.
All right, have a
Great day Julie.
OK, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Myra, how can I help you today?
Myra, I'm hoping you can help me find out a few things. I just can't figure out these darn statements I'm getting nowadays. They're so complicated. Like I'm trying to find the balance and no luck.
Well let's see if I can help you with some of that who do I have the pleasure of talking with please?
This is old Phil Thompson.
Mister Thompson, can you give me your phone number and address?
Sure. my phone number is seven oh four two six three four four six two. And my address is twenty-eight fifty-five Fairfax Way, Des Moines Iowa five oh three oh three.
OK can I also get the last four numbers of your social security and your date of birth please?
Well that would be forty-two ninety-one and I was born on May fourth nineteen forty-eight.
OK so it sounds like you have the question related to the account balance. Would that be correct?
basically that's what I want to know.
Can you please provide me with a checking account number?
Let's see I'm, I'm gonna have to look at the check here. hold on.
OK that's fine.
OK oh we got a check there that's four four two six dash one one nine zero dash four I'm sorry. Four three six two dash for two two zero. I, I think that's it.
OK let me repeat that. Four four two six one one nine zero four three six two four two zero zero. Is that right?
no. I think we got the last few numbers wrong. It's four two two zero, not four two zero zero.
Oh OK so four four two six one one nine oh four three six two four two two zero. Got it. Thanks. Give me a couple just a bit of time while I look up your information. And how's the weather where you are there in the Des Moines area? Is it getting cold there yet?
we're we're getting rain today and it's cooling down. Now the season is changing. I bet we get snow in a few weeks. I'm not ready for it at all. What's it like where you are?
OK we're having a bit of rain too. It's still warm though. Too warm for me. I wouldn't actually mind having some of that cooler weather here for sure. OK. I think I have see. I have one more question for you. I need your personal five digit security code you set up for the account. when you first opened, it helps us verify your identity and that you are who you say you are.
Huh let me see I've got this written down somewhere. Hold on. I believe it's five six eight two two. Unless my wife changed it. But let me double check that last number. OK. I guess it's five six eight two two. I don't see anything else written down here. Oh what are are your customer service hours on the phone by the way?
Thank you for the information. our customer service is available to help you from eight to six p.m. Monday through Friday and that's eastern standard time, and we're closed on the weekends. OK I have your balance on the checking account. Two thousand ninety-three dollars and forty-six cents. Do you also want your savings account balance as well Mister Thompson?
Sure. Might as well get it. Though it's probably embarrassing. My wife keeps dipping into it for some reason or another.
Oh OK. Well it's two four hundred, two hundred and forty-six dollars and ninety cents. Hey it could be worse. Is there anything else you require help with at this time Mister Thompson? Do you wish to to hear about our current high interest retirement savings promotion set not apply to you?
No I'm not interested in that I, I think that would do it for today. Thanks for your help.
It was my pleasure helping you today and please feel free to call us at Intellibank if you need any further assistance Mister Thompson.
I will. Bye.
Good morning, this is Intellibank. This is Tim. May I help you?
Yes. I need to speak to someone about a credit card purchase that I did not make.
OK, Ma'am. What is your name?
My name is Sally Rogers. R O G E R S.
OK, Sally. I just need to know what your account number is.
So you want my credit card number?
No. What I need is. do you happen to have a check with you?
Yep. Yeah, but this was, this was a credit card.
I know. I need to look at your account number.
Oh.
So I can see if you have any kind of like security questions or anything like that.
Uh-huh.
And I'll tell you why. The the number that you're looking for is at the very bottom of your check. The first number is gonna be your your check number. The second number is gonna be the account number and that's what we need. And the third number is gonna be your routing number. So it's the one right in the middle that we need.
OK, just a minute. Let me go get my check book.
OK. Now I have my checkbook. Let me find, let me find my number. All right, I think this is it. Zero zero four three six two seven four two.
Well, actually, Ma'am, that's that's the routing number. It's the number right before that.
Oh. OK. I think I see it. Try this. Is it five four six three eight zero zero?
Yes, Ma'am. That's that's what it says it is. OK, so give me a second. Let me put this in and I will look at your account.
All right, thank you.
OK, Ma'am. It does say that you have a security question on your account. The question is What is your mother's maiden name?
her name is Phillips.
OK. And just so I know that I actually have the right person what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is November fourth nineteen eighty-four.
OK, and what is your driver's license number?
Hold just a minute, I don't have that. Let me go get it.
OK, the driver's number is three two seven. Oh just a, no that's wrong. Just a minute. Let me say that again. Three two six four three seven zero two one.
OK, and what was the date that your, this transaction came through your account?
Well, it shows that it was on July the twenty-third.
OK, let me see if I can find it real quick. OK, and how much did you say this transaction was for?
Seven hundred fifty-three dollars and eight nine cents.
that's quite a bit.
I know. It was just, boy, when I saw it, it just stood out to me.
OK, so I'm guessing that you don't recognize this transaction.
No! It happened in some other country. It wasn't even from the United States.
OK. So is there anyone else that's on your account that maybe might have made this purchase?
No. Only people live here just me and my dog, and my dog has not been shopping in this other country, well he doesn't shop at all, but you know.
OK. So I guess we need to figure out what is the dispute reason. I have to actually put that down. So let me see. we have do not recognize, that's I'm guessing that's probably gonna be the the correct one. Let's just mark that.
Well
I did not make this transaction.
OK, and have you called the company yet?
Well, no. I don't know this country. It's not even in United States. I wouldn't even know how to call some other country.
OK. Well, let me look at the I can look at the back of the check here and it will tell me what bank that it actually cleared from. So it'll take me just a second.
OK. I I see it here. It looks like it it came through the the Bank of of Philadelphia.
Philadelphia. I've never even been to Philadelphia.
OK. Well, I guess then what we need to do is go ahead and fill out the dispute form. Now it will take me a few minutes to fill this out and so give me just a minute.
OK, I'm gonna have to go let my dog out. Just a minute. Do you have any dogs?
I do have a dog. but he doesn't make any purchases either.
Well, just a minute. Let me let my dog out. He's needing to go out.
OK, so I've got your debit card.
OK I'm back.
I'm finished. So, what I need you to do is, I will need you in the next two or three days to come by one of the branches and to sign this for me. Is there any branch that would be better for you?
Well, I, I, usually go on the east side of town.
OK, we have a branch on the east side of town. And I'll tell you what. I will even make this easier for you. I will actually send it to a guy named Ken. When you go in, just ask for a guy for Ken and he will have your piece of paper that you need to sign.
OK.
So and what time do you think that you will you will go to the branch?
Well, my dog has a groomer appointment in the morning at eleven and so I can probably drop him off at the groomer and then go over there after that.
OK. I'll tell Ken that he'll expect you sometime after eleven.
OK.
OK. Well, Sally it was been good talking to you. And if you ever need anything else just let me know.
OK, thank you.
OK, goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Casey Watkins. How can I help you?
Yes. My name is Nat Williams and I got update my address.
OK.
Absolutely and you said Matt or Mack.
It's Nat.
Oh, Nat. N A T? OK.
Yeah, Nat. Uh-huh.
Nat, yes.
Got it. OK. so Mr. Wilson, I can definitely help you out today and just to give you a heads-up, we are being recorded on a secured line and my full name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
OK.
and is you? Is your is not your
complete first name or is that a nickname?
it's actually Nathaniel.
OK. Nathaniel. OK. Perfect. OK and Nathaniel, let me get the In order to verify the account information let me get the last four digits of your social security number.
Yes. It's two nine eight two.
OK.
And what is your date of birth?
It is October twentieth nineteen seventy-eight.
OK. OK and then the last thing. In order to pull up your security information, I need you to enter your two security questions that we have on file for your account.
OK.
so the first one is What is the last name of your favorite author?
Coines.
OK. How do you spell that?
C O I N E S.
OK.
OK. Perfect. And then the second security question is. What was the color of your first car?
Blue.
Blue. OK. Great. OK so I've got your profile information pulled up here. so you said you were looking to update your address. so the one that we have on file is the one on Josie Lane in Carrolton, Texas. Is that's not the correct one anymore?
No yeah. I just moved. I moved from an apartment to a home.
OK. Well, congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So can I can I provide that information to you?
Yes. What is your updated address?
OK. The new address is sixty-five twenty-eight North Hillsway.
Mhm.
OK.
Carrolton, Texas seven five two eight nine.
OK. lemme repeat that back to you. That's sixty-five twenty-eight North Hillsway. And is Hillsway one word or two?
It's one word.
One word. OK and is that a street or a or a trail?
It's oh. Yeah, Hillsway Drive. Sorry about that, yeah.
Drive.
OK. Got it. And then, that is in Carrolton, Texas, seven five two eight nine.
Yes.
OK. Perfect. OK so I also see I'm gonna go ahead and verify your other information to make sure we have all that correct as well.
OK.
so I have your phone number on file as two one four four six nine eight eight seven seven. Is that still correct?
Yes.
OK. Perfect and is that a cellphone number?
that's the home number.
That's your home number. OK. Gotcha. so do you also have a cellphone number that I can add to the account?
Yes.
OK.
Yeah. That is eight one seven.
Mhm.
Three oh seven.
Mhm.
Two eight six five.
OK and reading that back to you. That's eight one seven three zero seven two eight six five.
Yes.
OK. Perfect and then your email address that we have on file is Nat Wilson oh four at Gmail dot com. Is that still correct?
Yes.
OK. Perfect. OK so I believe that we've got your address all updated and now you will it looks like that you are still opting for paper statements. is that something that you want or is that something do you rather be delivered electronically to you?
Well, it will be great electronically cuz I never look at them.
OK.
OK so, well, lemme go ahead and opt you out of the of the actual mail statements.
OK.
And so then yes you will get them. You will receive email statements now for your for on on a monthly basis and is that. Is it OK to send them to that email that we have on file?
please.
OK. Perfect. OK so I've got that updated for you. and then I wanna make sure that if that's something that you need to change back again. You would either need to login to your account online or you would need to call back into us to get that reversed.
Oh that's awesome to know.
OK? And then and then also I just wanna make sure. Do you know how to access our our app?
Oh no.
OK. So do you have a an Android or an Apple phone?
I have an Apple phone.
OK. so then you would just go to the the Apple store.
OK.
And then you just download. You just search for Intellibank then our app will pop up. And then the awesome thing about that is that once you're login, you can actually update all of your information and deposit checks remotely from our app.
OK. That's great to know.
Absolutely. Did you have any other questions for me today?
That's it. You helped me tremendously.
OK. Perfect. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank and I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
Hi. Yeah. I I unfortunately need to change my address.
OK. That's something I can help you with. Can I get your account number, please?
Yeah. It's one seven nine four five three zero zero.
OK. Thank you. And your name?
My name's Karen Hucksley. Which will be changing soon, also.
OK. And Karen, can I get your date of birth, please?
Yeah it's two eighteen ninety two.
All right. And for app security, it looks like we have an authenticating ID that I need from you. Your drivers license number, please.
why? hold on let me go find it.
All right. Are you ready?
yes.
Six six one seven five four, two oh R.
OK. Thank you. And it looks like you have a security question here. your maiden name?
It is Smart. Which it will be again for my last name seeing as my now ex-husband decided to find someone much younger than a twenty-nine year old. I don't know what is young enough for him.
Beyond that, then. I dunno. yeah, smart. That's. Yep. Smart. I'm so smart.
OK. Thank you.
OK. Thank you for that information.
I married an idiot. I am so smart.
Can. And can I ask you what type of information did you want to update, did you say your address?
Yep.
That. That will be it. Seeing as I'm moving into the smallest apartment for the most money, in the world, in Portland. But, yeah.
Yep. Just my address.
Yeah I heard that. I heard that rents were kinda high in Portland. OK. I I'm ready. Can I get your new address please?
Yep. It's eighteen C sixty fifth avenue. Portland, Oregon. I think nine seven zero six eight?
OK.
Thank you very much. I
And that's
C for apartment eighteen C. Which is the smallest apartment in Portland you can find.
OK. Well thank you for that information. I have input that into your account, and it is updated now.
Now, if I wanted to change this again, say I find the you know, step up from the worlds smallest apartment, could I do this myself? Like I've heard that there's online banking that you can like change account, or rename things. It. Can I do that with this? Or is that something that I'm gonna have to call you again or go into a branch? Or.
mhm. mhm.
Good good questions. yes you can do a lot with an online banking account. I'd be more than happy to help you to set that up.
How long is this gonna take?
it would probably take five to ten minutes.
Or I can just tell you the steps a couple of the steps in order to set up your own online account.
All right, yeah. Just tell me the the the steps cuz I've some some movers coming to move all my stuff into my apartment because my dumb husband won't even help me move a bed out. and I have to pay these people the price of rent just to move in everything to take up the size of my storage unit apartment.
So, yeah. If we could be quick about this that would be wonderful.
Yes. I'm. Definitely. So what you'd want to do is go to Intellibank dot com, to our website and on the website you're going to see there's a menu at the top and one of the menus is to log in to an account. So if you click on that button, it will say you can either sign in or log in . Or it will say to start an account and that's what you want to do even though you already have an account. You'll need to input your account number and verify with the information you gave me today. Date of birth, your drivers license. And your security Answer you your security question. and that will set up your online account. And then from there if you ever need to change your address, you can do that online.
The certain things you can't do online. you would need to call us back and we're here twenty-four seven and happy to help but many things you can accomplish online.
All right. Well, that is nice. Now I won't have to leave my two by two just to change my address so.
OK. That's nice. Hopefully I can get some Wi-Fi in my toaster oven of a house and pay an arm and a leg to walk two feet to my toilet to my bathroom.
OK well. is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Unless you can find me a smaller apartment, than no.
OK. Well thank you very much for calling Intellibank and have a good day.
Yeah, you too.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Celeste, how may I assist you?
Hi Celeste, I'm calling because I dropped by credit card in my car, and somehow it fell down where I cannot reach it.
Oh, no. I am so sorry to hear that. I can definitely help you with ordering a replacement card.
Great, thank you. Yeah, I tried for about forty-five minutes to reach it, but I can't. So frustrating.
Oh, I am so sorry. That would be frustrating. Can you give me just a moment here Let's see. May I please have your first and last name?
Yeah, my name is Emily Mann.
I'm sorry, is that M A N N or M A N?
M A N N, yeah.
Oh.
OK perfect, thank you.
And Miss Mann, may I please have your debit. Oh, oh, oh, excuse me, credit card number if you have it?
I do, actually. Hold on just a second. I have it written down somewhere.
Yeah, no problem. Please take your time.
Thanks.
OK, it is six seven six three one one oh nine, two two two one five seven seven five.
And I'm sorry, the last two digits, was that seven five?
That's correct.
OK, thank you so much for providing that information, Mrs. Mann.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, hold on just a second.
Oh yeah, no problem. Please take your time.
Yeah, sorry about that. actually, I got an email about changing my current credit card to a cash back card. and I was interested in switching to that if possible.
Oh absolutely, I can definitely get you switched over to the new cash back card. And For the security of your account, Mrs. Mann, can you please verify your date of birth for me?
Yes, it's October nineteenth Nineteen eighty-one.
OK, thank you very much for that. So we can definitely get you switched over to a new cash back card.
Great.
OK, so I have your account pulled up here Mrs. Mann and then just one more thing here, for the security of your account again, can I please have you verify the name of the street where you grew up.
Sure. It's Vienna Drive, Lakeshore, California.
OK, perfect, thank you so much for verifying that.
Yeah, no problem. My PIN is one two five five.
OK perfect, thank you.
Sure.
All right, so I see here that you have been banking with us since two thousand and nine. I want to thank you so much for being a valued Intellibank customer. We really appreciate it. And I see that you have our platinum card, and you'd like to switch to our cash back card?
Yes, please.
Wonderful, I can definitely help you with that. So, since you are needing a replacement card anyway, we can just send out a new cash back card.
Oh, perfect.
Yeah, it makes it super easy.
Sure.
Oh my gosh, what, what is that noise in the background?
Oh my, it's my dog, I'm sorry.
No worries. I have two dogs. How many do you have?
just the one, and he's noisy.
They can be that way sometimes.
Yes, definitely, he's he's, he's wreaking havoc out there on my deck right now.
Oh, my gosh.
My, my dogs are big, and they, oh my gosh, they have just caused havoc in my house so many times, so I totally understand what you're going through.
Yeah
All right, so let's see here. Did you, did you lose your card today, Mrs. Mann, or?
yes, just like an hour ago.
Oh, OK. So let's see here. So I know you said you dropped it in your car. do you happen to know the last transaction that you made with that card? we just need to verify it isn't in the possession of someone other than yourself.
Sure, I think it was at the gas station. I think Exxon. Today, for gas.
OK, one moment. Oh, OK, perfect. All right, so Mrs. Mann, before I continue, I'd like to confirm your shipping address. We have one two one one Landed Way That's in Portland, Oregon. And then, area code I'm showing is nine seven two zero three. Is that correct?
That is correct. But you know what, on second thought, I'm wondering if maybe I should keep trying to get my card out of the car before canceling it and ordering a new card because I don't want to be without a credit card for several days, you know?
Yes, I understand. You know, it's entirely up to you. would you like to hold off ordering, or you know, what do you feel comfortable with?
no, I guess not, let's just go ahead with the cash back card, I'm sorry.
Oh no, no, it's not a problem at all. give me just a moment here. see OK perfect, your current platinum card was successfully canceled. And it looks like the new cash back card should ship out to you tomorrow morning. it will arrive in about three to five business days. Instructions on how to activate your new card will be included with the card. But, if you have any questions at all on how to do that, you can visit our website. are you ready?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, that website is going to be WWW dot Intellibank backslash new card activation. And for those instructions.
OK, sounds good. Thank you so much for your help. I'm sorry, what was your name again?
Oh, no problem. My name is Celeste.
Great, thank you Celeste.
You are most welcome, Miss Mann. Is there anything else I can do to assist you today?
no, you've been very helpful. Thank you again.
You are very welcome, it was my pleasure to assist you. Please have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too, bye bye.
Mm bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jennifer. How can I assist you today?
Yeah my name is Steve Jackson I'm calling to report my card lost.
Mister Jackson I'm so sorry I'll be happy to assist you.
Can we make this snappy? I've been on hold over an hour and hung up on twice being transferred.
Oh I do apologize mister Jackson for the delays. Let me get your number in case we're disconnected. So I can call you directly back to get your issue resolved.
OK. Nine eight nine two six six five nine six nine. Thank you for being attentive.
Most certainly, and just to confirm that's nine eight nine two six six five nine six nine.
Correct.
And I'm.
I am here to resolve your concerns or issues Mr. Jackson let me get some information from you so I can better access your account.
Sure.
What is your fist and last name?
Steve Jackson.
Your date of birth?
Six five nineteen seventy two.
Your authenticating ID number?
One two six nine eight five.
For security purposes. What is your mother's maiden name?
Johnson.
And what is the credit card number on file?
Five one two five nine five one four six nine eight five four two two eight.
And the date your card was lost or stolen.
Well I don't know I guess it could have been around Thursday the twenty fifth.
and do you know the most recent transaction of the business that you last remember having your card?
I last remember having it at Costco while shopping.
OK, and Mr. Jackson let me confirm your information back to you as you have provided it to me. I have the first name as Steve, last name Jackson J A C K S O N Date of birth, six twenty-five nineteen seventy-two authenticating ID number, one two six nine eight five your security question was your mother's maiden name, last name Johnson J O H N S O N Credit card number, five one two five nine five one four six nine eight five four two two eight and the date that you noticed it lost or stolen was nine twenty-five and the most recent transaction at a business that you recall having it was at Costco.
Yeah. That sounds correct.
Mr. Jackson let me, give me a moment to get into your account and make some changes so we'll get your card canceled and issue a new one. Thank you so much for your patience.
And I have successfully canceled and reissued you a new card.
Good.
and let me just confirm your mailing address is, two three five Main Street Charleston South Carolina, two six five eight nine.
Yeah, That's my address.
Mister Jackson you should receive your new card in the mail within seven to ten business days and there'll be a number on the card to call and activate your new card.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah. How do you open an online account?
Well that's a really good question mister Jackson you can visit our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com and in the top right corner you'll see an account. Just fill out the information and you also make sure that you have your account information handy because they'll ask you for that and then you'll be all set.
Thank you so much for your help.
Well thank you for calling Intellibank, and have a good day.
You too.
Good afternoon, this is Georgia Charles from Intellibank. How may I help you, please?
How may you help me? Do you know how long I've been trying to get you guys on the phone? I mean that's not right, I mean if you guys don't know that this this this the kind of thing that makes people get angry. If you know you want to work at the bank and you want to keep our money. You make yourself available and and and and Oh right now I'm not really in a good mood to like talk because right now I'm so so so angry. The last bank I did my transaction with was crazy. I mean, you know, you why you'd? You know what? This is a new bank, right? Let me see what you guys got. I want to open an account with you people. How do I go about that, please?
We're very sorry for what happened with your other bank but opening an account with us here will have to give us some personal information about you. but before then we have savings and checkings account. let me give you a brief intro into or just tell you a little bit about what the savings account is about. savings account is a kind of account that we don't get get to give you your credit card immediately. You don't get a credit card or a debit card and you have to bank with with us for three to six months, before you can actually get to access your account as per having to withdraw your money. But then it has a very high interest rate of five percent per per annum. Then the checkings account you have instant access to your account and you have your cards. But then you have a lower interest rate of two percent per annum. So which one would you prefer to use?
You see you see this is what I don't like about you people. You you guys know how to do things to people that how can you tell me that my I have to have an account? My account I can't access my money because it's this and that. Why do you have to do that? You see why I don't trust bank bank people. I don't really trust bank people because the the this whole thing right now is so annoying right now. Is so pissed I'm pissed of right now. But you know I have so much money I have to keep it somewhere. That's why I'm I'm trying to get a new bank cuz you know, the whole thing, the whole banking system is well, my friend told me about your bank. So I want to give it a try but but I'm really I'm not I'm not I'm not impressed right now. You know, because your interest rate and whatever you told me you know, I think I'm let me just let me just go for the savings account. Let me go for the savings account and let's see how it goes from there.
Sorry for the inconvenience sir.
oh please.
we'll have to ask you some personal questions in order to helps us open the account for you. Do you mind that, please?
Here we go again, what kind of questions do you want to ask me?
OK, your first name and your last name, please.
Wow. My name is David. David Stevens, OK?
OK, Mr. Stevens, your date of birth, please.
Is that really necessary?
Yes, it is.
Oh boy. Seventeenth February, nineteen seventy-nine.
OK.
I'm forty-two, OK?
All right sir, please can we have your social security number?
You guys are so. You guys are something else man. I don't know how. OK. OK. Four five two.
OK.
Five four two.
OK.
Six seven one.
OK. OK, there are some security questions I would like to ask you. what's the name of your first pet, please?
I have a dog. I had a dog it's dead right now but I I don't have a pet anymore but when I when I had a dog his name was Bruno.
OK, Bruno. can you tell me your mother's maiden, please?
My mum's?
Yeah.
What does that have to do with my account? It's my account it's not hers.
It's a security question. It will help you access your account just in case you have any problem, we'll be sure that you are the one checking.
Fine, her name is Stacy.
OK.
Yeah.
hold on a second.
Here we go.
OK, I don't know if you have a pen to pen down your account number? So I can call it up for you.
Of course, I have a pen. I always have a pen. jeez. OK, go ahead, please.
Zero two.
Zero two.
Zero four.
Zero four.
One zero.
One zero.
Two two.
Two two.
Zero one.
Zero one.
this account number will be sent to your email as well so you can have access to it whenever you want.
Are you sure it's going to be sent to my email cuz I I really I I don't really trust you guys.
It has.
Been sent to your email. yes sir.
It has already? OK. I'll check my.
Phone. I'll check my phone and then and then I'll know. Then I'll know because I'm sick of this. I'm sick of this seriously right now I'm sick of this.
We're very sorry for the inconvenience sir.
Yeah, I hope I just pray you guys are not the same cuz man. In short, you know what? Have a good day I'm out.
All right, thank you for banking with us.
Yeah.
Thank you for you too. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Casey Watkins, how can I help you?
Yes. My name is Ty Jones, and I'm trying to figure out my checking balance, my my my bank account.
OK. Mister I'm sorry, say your name again.
Ty Jones.
Jones. OK Mister Jones, I can definitely help you out with that. just to let you know this call is being recorded on a secured line and my agent number for reference is eight two five seven one four. for account verification can you please provide me the last four digits of your social security number?
Five five two seven.
OK. Thank you so much. And can I also get your date of birth.
August thirtieth nineteen seventy-two.
OK. Perfect. Thank you Mister Jones, and I understand you said were calling about your checking account, correct?
Yes, my checking account. I'm also trying to figure out the nearest ATM where I'm located.
OK. OK. I can definitely help you with both of those things. now for your checking account I see that you have a a personal and a business checking account with us were. Which one were you calling about today?
my business personal . My business account.
The business account? OK. Got it. OK. And I have. In order to access that account I need to ask you the security question of what was the your mother's maiden name?
White.
White. OK. Perfect. OK. all right, now I'm into that account and I see before I can give you the balance, would you be able to verify the recent. The most recent transaction on that account?
Yes, I just paid the IRS. eight thousand dollars.
OK. Yes, I do see that here. OK. Perfect all right so I see the balance in the account is twenty-two thousand six hundred and forty-one dollars and twelve cents.
Thank you.
All right. Did you need any other information from that account?
Yeah, the nearest ATM. I'm located in Carrolton Texas. I wanted to figure out where I can find ATM. Cuz normally when I go, I'm not sure about you but I get these fees taken and I'm just trying to find that. Our bank, Intellibank where I don't get charged for fees.
Yeah, of course. Absolutely. and I would love to help you out with that
Are you located in Dallas or are you in Texas or you where where's your headquarters?
headquarters is in Florida.
Oh oh oh. OK. How's the weather in Florida?
Hot.
Oh. That makes sense. Yeah.
Yes. It's pretty much always hot and humid here so which I'm assuming you're use to in Texas as well.
Yeah, it's suppose to rain here and it it hadn't rained in a a couple of weeks so pretty interesting. OK. Where in Florida?
it's actually a it's called Bradenton. Have you heard of it?
Yeah, near Tampa.
Yeah, Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK. OK. Yeah, I have family who grew up in Orlando. That's awesome. OK. Well it's good to know. It's good to know we have a bank. Intellibank down there in Florida and if I'm in the area it's be great to come by and bring you some chocolates for helping me.
That would be awesome. Yeah we have. Yeah we have a good amount of banks down here we have we have less in Texas, but at least the the good thing is that we do have some service centers ATMs so that there's still some places you could go to access your money without the fee.
OK. OK. Can you let me know of those places please?
Yes. Absolutely. So you said OK you were in Carrolton. Could you spell that for me?
Yes. C A R R O L L T O N. Carrolton Texas.
OK. Got it. And OK. So I see Carrolton has like a couple different ZIP codes. Are you closer to the seven five zero one zero ZIP code? Or the the oh oh seven one.
Closer to the oh oh seven one.
OK. Got it. OK. So I do see a service center that we have inside a Seven-Eleven. And it is so if you would go into the ATM there, then they actually. There would actually be no fee for withdrawing the money.
Oh perfect. That's good to know.
Yeah, and so this is the Seven-Eleven. It's at the corner of Josey and Rosemead.
OK. That that's very familiar with that.
And.
OK. So is that is that. Would that be close for you?
That'll be great for me. Yeah. It's worth it because every time I go and I realize that you know I'm almost charged like six dollars to three dollar fee. From that actual ATM , and then on top of what you all charge so that's helpful. It's worth it.
Yeah, well I'm sorry to hear that you've been paying the fees. so yeah, definitely I mean we're we're always here to to help you find an ATM. We also have an app on if you have a smartphone that you were be able to download and find that as well.
All right. Well thank you. I appreciate it.
Oh. Absolutely. can. Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Not at all. I appreciate it. Thank you.
OK. No problem. Well you have a wonderful day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
Yes, hi. My name is Wu, and I'm calling in. I'm traveling from work, and I just. I'm trying to find an ATM , so I can pull out some cash. And they just They gave us our per diem which is fine but, we per diem has to be used from work. And I smoke, unfortunately, and I really need a pack of cigarettes, so I'd really like to get me some cash It's cuz they got a they got a cigarette machine over here at the hotel I'm staying at and I'd really like to use some cash to get it. But I don't know where there's any ATMs at.
OK. Well, sorry to hear that you're unable to find a ATM , but I'd be more than happy to take a look and see if we can provide that information for you today. OK?
Oh, perfect. Thank you.
you're more than welcome. Now let's see here, so let me take a look at your account so I can see what options you do have available for ATMs. All right, so can I get your full name and date of birth, please?
yes. It's Wu Nelson And my date of birth is ten nine, nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you very much for that information, Mr. Nelson. All right. And what's the you do have a security question on your account. So what's your mother's maiden name?
it's Lewis.
Thank you very much. OK, now let's take a look here. So it does look like you have our express checking, all right, which does include thousands of ATMs nationwide, which is a good thing. cuz those would be fee free. So let's take a look and see what we can find near you. do you know the address that you're that you're at right now?
I yeah. But gimme one moment. Let me go find this address for this hotel. OK?
that's fine. Take your time.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. I can't find this bank address anywhere. Hold on one second here. I'm just looking.
what what what city are you in?
Oh, I'm in Newark. Newark, New Jersey.
All right. Well let's take a look here while you're looking for the exact address, I can pull up some locations there in New Jersey. Now did you know also if you have the the mobile app, you can also pull up the map on your mobile app and it'll give you a list of ATMs that are nearby you.
Oh, really. I didn't know that.
Yep, you sure can. and I'll walk you through that here in a moment. Now it looks like, from here from where you're located. I do have about six ATMs near you that are within it looks like within one mile of you. However, none of those ATMs that we have available that are near you, are do we have a contract with. So, unfortunately, there would be a fee to use those those ATMs. Now our fee would be two dollars. And then the bank fees for each ATM would be different. All right. So I I I I'm not really sure what they would charge. so that's an option. Now we also show that there are some locations near you that you could or round up that area that you can go in and get cashback like at a Krogers. there's a Krogers near you. A
Frisch's and it looks like a a Walgreens that you can do cashback. And, you know they charge a minimal to no fees at all.
well, thank you very much. I found the exact address. It's at three five one two Snyder Avenue.
thank you very much. Let me put that in here. Three five one two Snyder Avenue. That's in Newark. And that ZIP code is zero seven one zero one.
yes. Yes, it is.
OK, perfect. All right. So, yep. All right, so you do have well actually good news. You have three ATMs that are near you. two which are out of the network, so they would charge a fee. But we do have one that's in network. All right, it looks like it's point two miles away from that location. And it's at a a big bear grocery store.
Oh, yeah. I think I seen that when I was coming into the hotel.
Yep. So yeah, if you go into that Big Bear location the ATM that's inside the actual location is partnered with us so it would be a fee free transaction. Or you do have one. Actually, that's in the hotel that I'm showing. an ATM at that's actually at the location. however, we're not contracted with them. So there would be a a two dollar fee on our end that we would charge and then whatever it is at the the owner of the ATM would charge as well.
well, yeah. I understand. It's all right. I can go down to that Big Bear. I it it it's in walking distance.
All right. Perfect. Now earlier I was telling you about using your your mobile app. Do you do you have the mobile app installed on your device?
No, I don't.
OK. Well here's what I can do. What I'll do is I'll send you an email out to your email address. And once you get the email, just click on the link and it'll take you to the the the app store to download the app whether you're using the iPhone or a a Android device. And it'll take you so you can download the app, actual application. And then it'll walk you through installing it. Now once it's installed, on the main page, on the bottom left hand side you'll see a tab. It says ATMs nearby. Click on that tab, and it'll show you all the ATMs out there within a certain radius of. You can choose ten miles, one mile fifty miles, you know. Whatever the distance is and you'll be able to select any ATMs and within that within that distance.
well, that'd be perfect. All right. Yeah. can you go ahead and send that to me?
I sure will.
now looks like we do have an email address on file. is that, is that the one you'd like to use?
yes, that that's fine. The one I have on file.
All right. Perfect. So that is I am the Wun at Gmail dot com.
yes, that's correct. I am the Wun, W N at Gmail dot com.
That's pretty good. I like that. All right. So I went ahead and sent that email. So you should receive it here in the next ten to fifteen minutes And like I said, just once you receive it just click on the link and it'll walk you through downloading the app and then setting up your online experience. You will need to have your account number and some personal identifying questions, set up a secret question and a password to get all set up.
OK. Yeah. That's fine. I have all that information.
All right. Perfect. All right. So, looks like we did go ahead and find you a couple ATMs that are that are near you both some with fees, some without fees. All right, was there anything else at all that I could help you with today?
no that's it. I really appreciate it.
Well, you are quite welcome. And thank you for calling. You have a great day, OK?
Thanks. You too.
All right. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven, how can I help you?
yes. This is Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And I'm looking at my bank statement and I see a charge to my account that I do not recognize.
Oh I'm sorry to hear that Mr. Thomas. I can certainly help you try and get to the bottom of this. can I go ahead and have you verify your first and last name for me?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you sir and your date of birth?
Five twelve nineteen sixty.
All right sir and the number on your debit card please.
I I don't have the number on the debit card. I hang on a second. Let me see if I can find my debit card.
All right sir. Take your time.
Well I'll be. I can't find it. It's it's not in my wallet. I don't know what happened to it. . Somebody must have stolen my card.
All right Mr. Thomas well that's certainly unfortunate. I'm sorry to hear that. would you like to go ahead and report your card as stolen then?
I guess.
All right I can certainly do that for you. would you happen to have the account number that that card is associated with?
Well my checking account number is seven seven one three seven three five six three.
All right Mr. Thomas. and just a simple security question for you today to get access to the account. what was your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
All right thank you so much for that information. I've got your account verified and pulled up and I'll go ahead and start the process of reporting that card as being stolen or lost. now you don't have the number for your account for that card individually, is that correct?
I do not. I've got the last four that shows up on my statement but that's all I've got.
All right if you give me the last four I should be able to identify if you're on the account so I make sure I get the right one.
OK it is seven seven one seven.
All right thank you and would you happen to know around the time that it was lost or was no longer in your possession or or the last time that you remember using it?
I do not.
All right. do you happen to remember the last place that you remember using the card?
my memory fails me. I I don't remember where I last used it.
All right. let me go through some of these recent transactions. I'll start with the most recent one here which was looks like two days ago. that was looks like at a Wendy's in Country Canyon California.
Wendy's?
For.
Canyon Country California. I'm sorry.
Wendy's? No I haven't used my. I haven't been to Wendy's in a long time so no that wasn't me.
All right sir. let me go to the one prior to that. did you by chance use this card at a Walmart there in Canyon Country it looks like six days ago?
let me think.
yes. I bought some groceries. yes I I did use it there. I probably probably left my card in the machine.
All right sir. Well that would probably explain what's going on. I will go ahead and mark that as the the last transaction that you can remember and send this on to the fraud team where they can investigate further if needed and we'll get the charge for Wendy's reversed pending their investigation but there will be a temporary credit back to the account for that amount and let's see. The date of loss would have let's see it would have been five days ago so looks like September twenty-eighth would have been the date for that. So I'll go ahead and put that down here and I'll get a new card issued to you as soon as possible. You should see that card showing in the mail in about three to five business days and then that should get you taken care of. We'll get that other card canceled so it's no longer associated to your account and and and flag it as having been lost or stolen in the system. And then I do just ask that you if you have any recurring transactions that were associated with that card just be aware that those will not go through now as that card as been deactivated. So you will need to contact those vendors and and update your payment information when you receive the new card.
OK that sounds good. I I do appreciate your help.
Absolutely Mr. Thomas. I'm glad I could have assisted you and got that cleared up. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I don't believe so.
All right. Well if you hang on the line for me after we disconnect there will be a brief survey and let us know how we did today and how we can better service your banking needs in the future here at Intellibank. And if there's nothing else I will let you enjoy your day.
OK you have a good day as well.
Thank you. Have a good one.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Yes Ashley, I'd like to find out how I can go about closing my bank account.
Oh not a problem, I can certainly help you with that. May I please have the name and date of birth?
OK, it's Sheryl Smith. My birthday is eleven thirteen nineteen eighty-seven.
Thank you Sheryl and can I verify the phone number on the account?
Yes, it's three two one nine five two one zero two zero.
Perfect and it looks like you have an authenticating ID on the account as well, could you please provide that?
Oh give me a minute, I wasn't prepared to give you that.
Not a problem. Take your time, Sheryl.
Thank you. OK, I've got it.
OK, go ahead.
It's S five two three dash four three two dash three five seven dash one eight.
Excellent and we also have one more security verification, it's your security question. What street did you grow up on?
Troy Street.
Perfect. OK so I went ahead and I verified the account and do you have the account number that you would like to close?
Yes I do.
OK go ahead.
Six five seven nine zero one two four three three.
Perfect and it looks like we need here a reason for the closure on the account.
I'm moving out of town or out of state.
OK, not a problem and I'm assuming you wanna go ahead and transfer the money over to a new account, is that correct?
Yes.
OK and do you have the deposit account type?
it is checking through Chester bank.
OK and what is the deposit routing number?
It's seven five zero one one four three two two.
OK and then the deposit account number?
Zero zero one two three two six five seven seven.
All right perfect. So yup, I do see it's for Chester bank, so let me go ahead pull this up, give me one second here.
OK great, thank you.
How's your day today?
Oh it's going good it's been a little busy here at the bank today. And how is your day going?
Oh I've got so many errands and things I gotta get taken care of, and it's just a nightmare to begin with.
Aww but it must be very exciting to starting a new adventure with your move huh?
Yeah, frightening and scary.
Definitely understandable. OK, so let me go ahead since we have this pulled up. I'm gonna go ahead and confirm the balance that we have in the account right now. Are you ready?
Yes.
OK so it looks like I'm showing a balance of one thousand seven hundred twenty-four dollars and twenty-three cents.
Yes, that's it.
Perfect. OK so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and initiate the transaction to have that transferred over to the new deposit account at Chester bank, OK?
All right, that sounds great.
All right so let me go ahead get this going, and it looks like the transaction can take up to twenty-four hours from when we do it. Today, OK?
All right so I won't be able to take any of my funds out being we're doing this transaction now, right?
Right, this will go ahead and take the whole balance that you have in the account and we're gonna go ahead and deposit over to your new banking account.
OK great, so I'll just have to wait two to three days before I can get any money out of that the new account once I get there.
Yes so so the what will happen is the transaction for the deposit should occur within twenty-four hours. Once that transaction occurs it will trigger our system to go ahead and close the account and that should occur within forty-eight to seventy-two hours.
OK great. I hope everything works out and I can get there in time, or maybe I'll get there ahead of time. Who knows?
Most definitely and do you want me to go ahead and close the account now for you?
Yes, please do.
All right so I went ahead and closed the account and let me give you that transaction number for your confirmation.
Oh great, I appreciate it.
All right, it's going to be B four seven nine two three one four.
OK.
And do you want any information on any of our other banking products at this time?
No, not at this time. I've got too much I'm dealing with right now.
Oh not problem and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
No Ashley, that's it. I appreciate it.
All right perfect. So I just wanna say thank you for being a valued customer of Intellibank, and you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right you too, thank you so much.
You're welcome, bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Vanessa. How may I help you today?
Yes, I'm rather upset right now. Apparently somebody has used my card. And I would like to have it disputed, please. For a transaction.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. But I can definitely assist you today. Can you please provide the first and last name on the account?
Yes. It's Gladys Connor.
And what's the birthday, Gladys?
November nineteenth, nineteen eighty-eight.
And what's your authenticating ID number?
OK, it's C dash four oh six dash three three three dash seven five six dash one zero.
Thank you for that. And it looks like there's a security question on file. It's what street did you grow up on?
OK, it was Woodward Avenue.
All right. And is this going to be for an account or a credit card?
It's gonna be for my travel card.
OK, the traveler's credit card. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, and what's that credit card number?
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't get it. Give me a minute to go in the other room to get it out, so I've got the number, please.
No problem.
OK, I've got the number.
All right, go ahead.
It's four six zero zero dash one eight zero eight dash nine six zero four dash three six six seven.
All right, perfect. So let me go ahead and pull up this credit card here real quick.
All right.
OK, and I have the information pulled up. So there's a few questions that I need to fill out for the investigation team, so they can go ahead and look into this for ya. The first question I have is what is the amount of the relevant transaction?
OK, it's forty dollars even.
OK. And what's the disputed transaction date?
August nineteenth, two thousand and twenty-one.
OK. And what's the reason for the dispute?
suspicious activity. I didn't make this purchase.
OK. All right. So let me go ahead and just confirm this information with you. So the transaction amount is for forty dollars. The transaction date is August twentieth, twenty twenty-one. Is that correct?
August nineteenth. Twenty twenty-one.
All right, I'm sorry about that. So we have August nineteenth, twenty twenty-one. And the reason for the dispute is suspicious activity. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. And I have a couple more questions to ask here before we proceed. Has anyone had access to your account and could have made this purchase?
No, ma'am.
OK. And have you contacted the business that made the transaction?
Yes, I have.
And what did they say?
They said for me to contact you immediately so I can get this taken care of.
OK. And does the transaction look like it could be any type of regular membership you may have, or a subscription fee to anything?
No. It looks like a regular purchase.
OK. Well, it looks like we have all the information that we'll need, so I can go ahead and turn this in to the investigation team. At this point, we'll go ahead and send this over. They'll go ahead and investigate this transaction. and it usually takes them about seventy-two hours for them to come to terms if they need more information, or if they're going to close it out. but as of right now, what I can do to prevent further fraudulent transactions is I can go ahead and lock the credit card. That way, no other transactions can be completed on it.
Oh, that would be great. So, how long did you say, again? I'm sorry.
It should take about seventy-two hours for you to hear back from the investigation team on what they need, if they need anything else. If not, then they'll go ahead and tell you what the findings are from the investigation.
OK. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Not a problem. So I went ahead and I locked the card for ya. And is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, not that I can think of.
All right. Well, I just want to say thank you for calling Intellibank. We value your business. And if there's anything else that you may need please fee free to give us a call, OK?
OK, I will. Thank you.
All right, thank you. And you have a great day.
You, too.
Mm, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is William. How can I help you?
yes I need to transfer all the money in my savings account to my checking account and then I need to close my checking I'm sorry, my savings account.
All right. Can I go ahead and get the name and date of birth for the account holder, please?
My name is Paul Carlisle. C A R L I S L E. And my date of birth is May fourteenth nineteen seventy-one.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Carlisle. And I've got a security question here for you. If you can tell me what the make and model of your first car was, please.
a nineteen seventy-one Chevy Camaro.
All right. Thank you very much. Now just to be. Just to verify you were wanting to transfer the funds from your savings account to your checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. I can certainly help you with that. if you could provide me with the last four digits of the savings account number.
Eight eight four three.
Thank you. And the last four digits of the checking account number, please.
Eight seven six seven.
All right. I've got those accounts pulled up. It shows here you have an available balance in your savings account of five hundred and two dollars and sixty-three cents. Would you like to transfer that entire amount into your checking account today?
Yes, sir. And I also wanna close my savings account.
All right. Lemme take care of that transfer real quick. Bear with me one moment. My system's running a little slow today. OK. I've got that transfer processed. You should see that those funds available in your checking account here in about thirty minutes. And then I understand you were wanting to close your savings account.
That's correct.
And is that the same savings account that we just transferred the money out of Mister Carlisle?
Yes, sir.
All right. And what has you wanting to close out your savings account Mr. Carlisle?
it doesn't earn any interest. I get maybe three cents a year off of it. And then I pay I don't know five dollar a month fee on it. I'm going in the hole.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that Mister Carlisle but I can certainly take care of your request and get that account closed for you. If you can go ahead and verify the full account number on your savings account for me, please.
Zero four six four four nine eight eight four three.
All right. Thank you for that information. Let me go ahead and switch screens so that I can process that account closure for you. One moment.
What was your first car?
Oh, my first car was nothing too special. Just a. Just a run-of-the-mill Toyota Corolla.
I sure liked my Camaro. It was fast.
Oh, I can imagine that. Cameros have always been one of my favorite cars too.
Yeah. I wish I still had it.
I can imagine that. I bet it's worth pretty penny right about now.
I would say so.
All right Mister Carlisle, I've gone ahead and processed the closure of your savings account and you will get a notice in the mail to let you know that that is all finalized. in about five to seven business days. So keep an eye out for that. But that account will be closed effective at the end of the business day today when everything processes.
OK. That sounds great.
Yes, Mister Carlisle. And is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I don't think so.
All right. Well, if you'll stay on the line there will be a survey for you to answer some questions about your experience with your call with me today. Again my name is William and if you don't have any further needs I will let you enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
OK. I appreciate it. You have a good day.
You too. Have a good day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services, this is Steven. How can I help you?
yes I'm wanting some information about your savings account interest.
All right. I can certainly help you with that. And what questions did you have today?
was thinking about opening a savings account and I was wanting to know the interest rate rate that was paid.
Certainly. Our introductory, basic savings account has an interest rate of point zero zero one percent, annual.
that's not very much and is there a fee associated with that account?
yes sir. With that basic savings account there is a five dollar monthly maintenance fee. Unless the balance in the account is at or above five hundred dollars, month over month.
Oh. OK. Well. I think I'll pass on that Can I get you to check the balance of my checking account for me please?
Absolutely Sir, I can help you with that. Can I get your first and last name?
Dan Thomas.
And my date of birth is five twelve nineteen sixty.
All right. Thank you sir.
And can I have you verify the last four of your social for me?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you. And then if you'll answer your security question which is the name of the street that you grew up on.
Magnolia.
All right. Thank you sir. And can I have the account number for the account you're wanting to check the balance on?
seven three zero, six nine five six eight two nine.
All right sir. I'll just verify that. Seven three zero, six nine five, six eight two nine. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. Thank you sir. I've got that pulled up and it's showing that you have an available balance as of today of two hundred and ninety three dollars and sixteen cents.
OK. That sounds not too bad.
how's your day going so far?
My day has been pretty good sir. It's it's been a pretty easy-going day today. Not nothing too crazy.
Not too bad? Well I've been working sixteen hours a day for the last three weeks.
Oh.
I'm about pooped out.
I can absolutely imagine.
All right, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Well I might need to order some checks pretty soon.
All right. I can certainly get that put in for you. And how many checks were you wanting? You can order them by the box and that is four booklets of fifty each.
Probably one box will do me.
All right. I'll go ahead and get one boxed shipped out. And let me just verify the address on your account.
Is it still sixty three Pennington Street, Canyon Country, California? Nine one three eight seven?
That is correct.
All right. That sounds good. I'll get those shipped to you. You can expect them in the mail in about three to five business days.
OK, that sounds great.
All right. Well is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well if you'll hang on the line for me, there will be a short survey for you to fill out Let us know how we did today, and how we can better service your needs in the future.
OK. I appreciate it.
You too, sir. Have a great day.
All right. Thank you.
Good afternoon. This is Scott with Intellibank. Thank you for calling today. How can I help you?
yes. I need to find an ATM close to where I am.
OK. Certainly. Lemme pull out your account information. I'll get some location information from you and I'll be able to point out the appropriate ATM. OK?
Sure.
All right. Let's get started. What is your first and last name?
Crystal Humphrey and my date of birth is ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven in case you need it.
Yes, I sure did. Thank you very much, Ms. Crystal. what is the credit card number on that account?
four four eight five, nine nine five nine, four four two five, nine seven four three.
All right. And the account number?
Two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
All right. That's great. All right, well I can help you find an ATM. can you give me a little bit more information of what you're trying to do at the ATM so I can make sure I give you the appropriate one?
I need to deposit a few checks and I also need to withdraw some cash.
OK. Deposit and withdraw. I can certainly help. There's a couple options. I I imagine in your area what is your current location?
OK. We are we're actually here on vacation. Going to Disney World. Yeah. So we're at seven six, seven four three Mickey Boulevard. And that's in Orlando, Florida.
Oh, wow. Wow.
Oh, that's great. Do you guys usually go there every year?
Yes, it's a family tradition. We go at the beginning of the fall every year.
That's amazing. What is your favorite part of world?
watching the kids at MGM. They have a a blast riding the rides there.
Oh, wow. How many kids do you have?
six.
Wow. Six kids. So is it you and the six kids or?
my husband and me and the six kids. Yes. We all go at the same time. They wanted to bring friends along this year, but we said no this year so.
Oh, I got you. OK, wow. Well, how long do you plan on staying down there?
we'll be here a week and a half.
Wow, that's gonna be a great time.
Yeah.
All right. Well, I found a couple ATMs that are close to that location there on Mickey Boulevard. And the first ones at three two one Mickey Street in Orlando. that ATM allows both deposits and withdraws. It has a max withdrawal of five hundred dollars per day. And a max deposit of five hundred dollars as well.
Per day.
OK.
OK.
OK? And there's gonna be another ATM that's close by And that's gonna be five more miles down the road but it's gonna allow you to do a little bit more. It's gonna let you move funds from different accounts. OK? It'll do a couple other personal information changes as well. And that's on seven six seven Orlando Boulevard in Orlando.
OK.
All right is there another ATM that can maybe give you in case you need to tertiary?
no, that should be good. I think that should take care of everything we would need.
OK. That's awesome. So I was able to help you find an ATM to get the stuff done that you needed. what else can I help you with today?
OK. I also need to find a branch to actually go into physically to handle a few things about a loan.
Oh, OK. We'll find you a the closest Intellibank branch. go ahead again with that address that you're currently at?
Seven six seven four three, Mickey Boulevard. And that's in Orlando.
OK. All right. Lemme see here. You've got one very good option. There's a branch that's only about four and a half blocks away from you.
Oh, wonderful.
Yeah. And that's at nine six seven Minnie Mouse Lane.
Nine six seven, you said?
Yes, that's correct.
OK.
Wonderful.
and that is Orlando, of course. you should be able to walk to it if you needed to.
Yeah, so we might do that when we head out for dinner early this evening.
All right. Well let me just give you the branch hours, so you don't get caught during closed business hours. But it's. Yep. Absolutely. It's. It's nine to five Eastern time zone. I know you're out traveling, so that's Eastern time. they stop taking requests at four-thirty, so just make sure you're there before four-thirty.
OK. That would be great.
OK.
If you need to do any anything more than just a withdrawal there is masks required.
Oh, OK.
OK? So you need to make sure you're wearing two masks per person before you walk into the bank.
OK. Two. Wow, OK. I'll have to go get some extras. We only all packed one.
Oh, yeah. I know. I get it. But that's just the rules and.
Do you have to be vaccinated?
You do. You absolutely do. So just make sure you bring your vaccination card as well.
OK.
All right. so I helped you find an ATM today. a few options there, and also to find a branch. And I gave you the operation hours and its COVID requirements. Is there anything else I can do for you?
can I just have that phone number to that branch, please?
Yeah.
absolutely. It's five six seven.
OK.
eight nine zero one, three two one four.
OK. Thank you so much.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You too.
OK.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Pat speaking, who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Claire Smith.
Hi Ms. Smith, what can I do for you today?
I need to move my money.
OK. when you say move your money. Do you mean you need to move it from savings to checking, checking to savings?
Oh. I need to move it to a different bank.
So you need to close your account.
Yes.
OK, and lemme just get some information to make sure that you are who you say you are, so we don't send your money to somebody else.
That'd be awful.
That would be awful. And what's your date of birth Ms. Smith?
it is March fifteenth nineteen seventy-four.
OK, and what's the account number that that you wanna close?
Unfortunately I can't find my check book. So I don't I don't have it.
OK. do you have your ID that you opened your account with?
Yes.
And what state is that?
Alabama.
And the number?
my license number it is four five three seven five six four.
OK, and what is your high school mascot?
it's a tiger.
All right. And I'm showing the account number is one five eight four five six two four three. Does that sound about right?
I'm not sure, but I think I have I have a savings as well.
You do.
I I need to close both of those.
OK. And may I ask why you're closing the accounts?
Oh.
We hate to see you go as a customer is there something that we can improve on?
It's the fees I thought that. So, a couple months ago I went way into the negative because I guess there's a feature for overdraft protection that I didn't realize came standard, and I wanted my debit card to function as a debt card, and so it ran a bunch of internet purchases that should've been declined through. Luckily, I have a sugar daddy, and he He gave me five thousand dollars to to cover the overages but in the mean time well we thought we'd just go ahead and and move to financial institution that doesn't go ahead and put overdraft protection on without telling me so.
OK, well I can decline the overdraft protection on here, where you won't be charged those fees anymore. Could we keep your business if I if I were to implement that for you.
Yeah, but are you gonna give me all that money back on the fees?
Unfortunately.
Unfortunately Ms. Smith once the fees are taken out there's no way to put them back in.
No, go ahead just shut it down, close it all out.
Well I'm sorry to see you go. what's the name of the bank that we're gonna transfer the money to?
Third Federal Bank.
OK. And what is the account number?
Account number. Oh, hold on just a second I need to I Daddy put it on a little card for me in my wallet. Oh, here it is account number seven five three four six nine zero zero four.
And the routing number?
let's see here it is two four five.
Nine eight four six seven three.
All right, now showing your checking has a balance of one dollar and twenty-two cents and your savings has a balance of fifty-four cents so we will be transferring those over.
perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much. Are you sure that balance is right?
To your new bank.
Yes ma'am I'm showing that there were six purchases at three A M this morning on Amazon.
Yeah, I couldn't sleep.
So the money for that was already taken out and that left the balance of the one dollar and twenty-two cents on your checking.
OK, yeah absolutely I remember making those purchases yeah go ahead.
All right we have I've sent that over to your new account, and would you like to learn more information about our credit cards?
Daddy said I couldn't have a credit card anymore, cause I spend too much money.
All right well Ms. Smith is there anything else that I can assist you with?
no thank you Pat you've done wonderful today.
All right well we appreciate your business and hope to earn it back soon.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, have a good day. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you?
I need to close my savings account.
All right. Well, I can certainly assist you with that. Can I get your first and last name? As well as your date of birth, please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. My date of birth is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
All right, thank you, sir. And can I get the account number that you are wanting to close?
hang on just a second, let me look it up.
Absolutely, sir, take your time.
OK, I've got it. It is three one one two one five seven four one five.
All right, sir, let me just read that back, make sure I got that correct. It's three one one two one five seven four one five.
Yes, that's correct.
All right, sir. And if you could just verify your identity with the answer to a security question for me. What was your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
All right, thank you, sir. I've got that verified. And can I know the reason why you're wanting to close out your savings account today?
well, I don't want to use it and I don't. I don't really save any money. it's hard to save money when you got kids. And then all the time asking for money and I don't have any left to put in my savings account.
All right, sir. Well, I can understand that. I can certainly go ahead and get that account closed down for you. And it looks like you have a balance in that account right now of twenty-eight dollars and thirteen cents. Did you have another account that you would like to transfer that money into?
I've got a checking account and I've got a question about my savings account. It. It. It doesn't draw very much interest, I don't think. I don't what the interest rate is. Do you know what it is?
yes, sir. The interest rate on your account is point zero zero one percent annual.
Well, that's not very much and I believe I'm being charged a fee each month just to have that account.
That is correct, sir. There is a five dollar maintenance fee that is charged each month if the balance is under five hundred dollars.
OK, yeah. Certainly I do want to close that and I want to move those funds to my checking account. OK and I think I've got it. It's
Intel Bank. That. That is the name of my checking account. Intel Bank.
Is that Intellibank, sir?
Yes, I'm sorry. Intellibank.
Not a problem, sir. I can certainly go ahead and transfer that over. Can you verify the account number on your checking account?
My checking account number is two nine nine nine two zero five eight three five.
All right, thank you, sir. And while I've got this pulled up, can I go ahead and have you verify your phone number for me as well?
my phone number is six one one two two one three zero five five.
All right, thank you very much, sir. I will go ahead and get your savings account closed out and the remaining funds transferred into that checking account that you provided. And you should see that post into your checking account by the close of business today. but it may take up to three days for it to fully process.
OK. That sounds good.
All right, sir. Well is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Can't think of anything.
All right, sir. Well, if you will just hold on the line for me, there will be a brief survey. that you can fill out and let us know how we did today and how we can better service you in the future. And I do thank you for being a loyal Intellibank customer.
OK, I appreciate you. are you having a good day?
yes, sir. thank you for that, and I am having a pretty good day.
Well, good deal.
Yes, it's always nice when you enjoy what you do.
Well, great.
All right, sir. Well, is there anything else I can help with?
I don't think so.
All right, well, when we disconnect here that survey will come up for you if you would like to give us any feedback. And I will let you have a wonderful day.
OK, thank you.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is LaShondra. How can I help you today?
Hi there my name is Robert Meeks. And I'm calling today to to try to find a couple branches. that are near me.
OK, Mr. Meeks. I can certainly help you with that. Let me get at little information about your current location so that I can get you to those close banks.
OK.
All right, can I get your street address, please, sir?
yes, my street address is twenty-five oh seven North North Street.
Mm OK. And that's twenty-five oh seven North North Street?
Yes.
could I get the city and state, please?
Yes, that is in Peoria, Illinois.
Mm OK. So that is Peoria.
Yes.
Illinois. Gimme just one moment while I look up that location for you, sir.
OK. Oh wow. Is it sunny down there? or is it raining there?
Oh it's still sunny down here. We actually had a little bit of rain over the weekend, but now it's all cleared out, and it's hot as ever.
All right. yes. We had some rainy weather. We had hailstorms, all that. Yes. Messed my car up.
Oh no! Hailstorms!
This time of year?
Oh yes. Yes, it it came out.
That is crazy. Remind me not to move to Illinois. All right, Mr. Meeks, I've found a few locations close by you. looks like the closest is about a quarter of a mile from you at five fifteen LaRoy Drive.
OK. five fifteen La Roy Drive?
Yes, sir.
OK.
You have another one about a half mile from your location at sixteen sixty-three Shirley Park Road.
OK. You said sixteen sixty-three?
Yes, sir.
Shirley Park Road. OK. I know exactly where that at.
Yes, Sir.
All right. So, and this last one I have about a mile away from you. The rest of them are two miles or more. So, this last one is six ten East Highland Drive.
Six ten East Highland Drive. OK. And those only three locations?
Yes, sir.
Those are the three closest. The next one is two miles away. Did you want any did you want a listing for that one?
Yes, yes. At least one or two more.
Yes, sir. OK, so the next one is two miles away at six sixty-three Helena Lane.
All right. I got that.
And this last one is two point five miles away from your location at four Four fifty-two, excuse me, Court Road sixty-one.
OK. All right. I got that. Ugh, let me see.
Is there anything else I can do for you, sir?
Well, I don't think. Well, since we're talking, can I go ahead and just check my balance? In my account, please?
Oh. Yes sir, Mr. Meeks. I can do that for you as well. let me reiterate, your first and last name is Robert Meeks?
Yes.
OK. Can I get your date of birth, please?
yes. My date of birth is first seven nineteen seventy-four.
Mm K. That is one seven nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
could you tell me your Driver's License number, sir?
yes. It is one second OK. Pulled out the wrong card. OK. Think that right. I got it. It's it's six one nine five two four nine six two.
OK.
All right, and that number is six one nine five two four nine?
Yes, correct.
OK.
and your for security purposes could you give me your mother's maiden name, please?
Yes. My mother maiden name is Helen.
All right, sir. and that account you were wondering about, which account is that? Is that your checking or savings account?
checking.
All right. And could you give me that account number, please?
Yes. It's five one four three three six seven zero seven one.
OK, and that number was five one four three three six seven zero seven one.
Yes.
All right, sir. I've verified all your information. Your current balance is eight hundred and ninety-six dollars and fifty-two cents.
All right.
You currently have two transactions going through, they're not gonna effect that balance, but they're already going through to let you know. Just in case.
OK. That sounds good.
All right, sir. So, will that be all for you today?
Yes, that is it.
All right, thank you so much, Mr. Meeks, for calling us today and for being a loyal customer. Again, my name is LaShondra, enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you, you too.
Good afternoon. This is Steven of Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hi, I'm calling cuz I have my credit card stolen.
OK. I can help you with that. So you're you're asking to cancel the credit card?
Well, I think, I'm gonna have to because I don't want to lose all the money in my bank.
OK. Excellent. Excellent. I'm sorry that's happened to you. I just wanna be sure that I'm I'm doing the what you're requesting me to do. I'll have to start off with some personal information and some of your account information. To start with, can I have your name and your date of birth?
Yup. My name is Bernadette Sampson. B E R N A D E T T E Sampson. S A M P S O N.
People get my name wrong all the time.
I would. I would have missed the P I think. So, thank you Mrs. Sampson. And your date of birth?
Yup. It's August eight nineteen eighty-seven.
OK. Thank you and can you give me the account number associated with this card?
Yup.
Hold on. Lemme look it up.
OK.
It is six zero three eight zero two three zero seven.
OK. Let me repeat that back to you. Six zero three eight zero two three zero seven.
Correct.
OK and what is the PIN number for that account?
Well, if you give me my PIN number, won't you have access to my account?
Well, I do have access to your account. I'm just verifying. but I can use another another means to do that.
whabye bye. I have a passcode here. What is your favorite city in Pennsylvania?
Altoona.
Altoona. OK. That matches.
And I'll just need a little bit more information just to verify that you are who you say you are. I hope you understand. If I could get you license number.
My license number?
Yes. It's on file. I just need to verify that you are you, Mrs. Sampson.
you know how long it'll take me to get that out of my pocket butt?
There is no rush Mrs. Sampson but I just wanna be sure that we're able to take care of your request to close this to cancel this credit card today.
good grief. This is such a pain in the butt.
I don't do you have any other way as in can you just do my address or something like that?
unfortunately, just to to close an account, this is the information I need just to verify as I said that you are who you said you are unfortunately, you can't do this online or anything. We need to do it over the phone. and I will need. I'll tell you what, Mrs. Sampson. If you could give me your mailing address.
Close my account? I don't wanna close my account. I just wanna close the card.
That's. I misspoke. I'm very sorry about that. What I meant was to cancel the card that your calling about.
All right. I can give you my address.
four twenty-three Sarsaparilla Drive.
San Antonio, Texas four three two one six.
OK. I'm sure you'll understand if I ask you to spell that drive for me.
Yup. S A R S A P A R I L L A.
It's a lot like Sasparilla.
Oh, right. Right. The like like the root beer. Exactly. OK and that's in San Antonio, Texas?
Four three two one six. Got it. OK, Mrs. Sampson. what I can do now is I see some activity on that card.
can you tell me the last transaction that you remember making on that card?
yeah. That was last night.
lemme look.
Yeah. That would have been sixty-one twenty-seven Taquito Chow.
Taquito Chow. Sixty-one twenty-seven. That's in California. Was that a mail order product or purchase?
Yeah.
Yes, it's a mail well, I did it online.
OK and that's. That's the last transaction that you remember making.
Correct.
let me share. There've been fourteen other transactions since then. and they're actually. They're all over the place.
Holy Cow!
And so.
Yes. just. If you could just verify that these transactions were ones that you initiated.
it show one at Lid's, a hat store, at a mall in San Antonio, Texas for eight hundred and twenty-seven dollars.
Did you buy some hats at the Lid's store.
Oh, good grief. No.
OK.
we'll mark that one as fraudulent. I show a gas station in Hoover, Texas for eighty-seven dollars.
Did you travel to Hoover, Texas to fill your tank?
I don't have a truck. That'll be a huge truck. No, it's not me.
OK. it it looks like somebody's travelling with your card. I also show a hotel in Brownsville, Texas. A Holiday Inn Express. was that you, Mrs. Sampson?
was not.
OK. Mrs. Sampson if you could verify your email for me. I will send you a copy of these fourteen different transactions that we're after the last one that you you remember and if you could just verify that you did not initiate these transactions and email it back to me. If you could just I have an email of Bernie Samp. B E R N I E S A M P at mail dot com. Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK.
At this point Mrs. Sampson, I have canceled that card.
we have. We will re-issue a card immediately and you'll receive that card in three to eight business days.
No one will be able to use that card till please destroy it or or throw it away. that that card is no longer valid and we'll have a new one in three to eight days and I'll immediately send the list of recent transactions to you via that Bernie Samp at mail dot com email.
So you could verify that you did not initiate those.
Now are you gonna give me a chip card because all the other cards that I've got in the past were chip were not a chip card. They're just a scan card so I think the chip cards are a lot more security.
So, it'll stop happen. If this continues to happen. I'm getting sick of it. I'm gonna change banks.
I understand, Mrs. Sampson. I understand your frustration. We do have a limited number of chip cards that are available. We're starting to switch over to those now. I will put a note on here that you requested one of those chip cards and I can't guarantee that they'll issue one of the chip cards but I will try to get your name in the queue for the chip card and have your replacement card be one of those chip cards.
Well, put a note on there that if I don't get a chip card this time, I'm I'm canceling all my accounts and going to another bank because I'm sick of this happening.
Yes, ma'am. I will include that with the request.
In fact, ma'am, I will. I will call the office responsible for issuance of those cards and I will do my very best to be sure that you get one of those chip cards.
All right.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Mrs. Sampson?
No, it was. No.
OK. Thank you, Mrs. Sampson. Thank you for using Intellibank and I hope you have a pleasant day.
Yeah. Whatever.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service, this is Nick. How may I help you today?
yes, my name is Dan Pearce P E A R C E. And my daughter's car broke down and I need to get her some money I guess. I'm not sure how to do that.
All right, Mr. Pearce. Well, there are a variety of options we can try for you today. where is your daughter located?
she's in Tulsa Oklahoma.
All right, and I she's needing that money immediately I assume?
Yes. The repair shop is waiting on to get some money, before they would start work on it.
Absolutely Mr. Pearce. Well, I believe we can do a wire transfer for you. Either directly to the repair shop or into your daughter's account and that will make those funds available immediately.
OK, Let's do that into her account.
Absolutely. Can I have you verify your name and date of birth for me, sir?
Dan Pearce P E A R C E. And July twentieth nineteen sixty-two.
Thank you, sir. And as a security measure if you can answer the following question for me. What was the color of your first car?
Blue.
Thank you, sir. Have verified that information. I see you have a checking account and a savings account with us. Which of those would you like to transfer the money out of sir?
My savings account.
Absolutely, and if you could provide me with the last four digits of your savings account number.
hang on let me go find it. OK, have got it.
All right, sir. Just the last four of that number for me, please.
Five seven seven zero.
Thank you, sir, and can you provide me with the account number for her account that you are transferring the money into?
Seven four three zero seven zero zero one one eight.
All right, just to confirm that is seven four three zero seven zero zero one one eight. Is that correct?
That's correct.
Thank you, sir, and how much money would you like to wire into that account.
Fifteen hundred.
Absolutely. I have here a wire from your savings account into this checking account that you provided for fifteen hundred dollars and zero cents. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, sir. And if you can verify the last four of your social again, I will put this through.
All right, six three.
OK, sir.
I've gone ahead and processed that wired transfer for you. And you can let your daughter know that money should be in her account immediately.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
mm that will be it.
All right, well if you hang on the line there will be a survey for you to let us know how we did today handling your call and if there's nothing else I can help you with I'll let you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right, thank you.
Good afternoon. This is Anna Anderson from Intellibank. How may I help you, please?
Anna, how are you?
I'm very well. How are you?
I'm good, but I'm not so good because you you you have not kept to your promise. You promised me I was gonna get a card in seventy-two hours after I complained the last time that my card was actually stolen, but right now I've not had anything. I've not seen the card. I've not. There's nothing. So what's going on.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I think the whole issuing of a new card and canceling the old one was unsuccessful that day. And I didn't reprocess it. So do you mind me having your details again?
Oh, here we go again. You want my date of birth and my name, right?
Yes, your first name and last name please.
OK, David. David Antony.
OK, Mr. Antony. Your date of birth.
Yeah. Twenty-seven six six seven, right? September, nineteen eighty-one.
OK.
My social security number, I can give that to you too, right?
All right, go on.
I knew you're gonna say that. I've done all this before though. Four three two, six seven eight.
OK.
Four one one.
OK, thank you. I would like to ask you some security questions.
OK.
where did you grow up, please?
I grew up in California. Los Angeles actually. West Hollywood.
OK. Sorry I think that's supposed to be the street of where you grew up.
Yes, West Hollywood. West Hollywood is the street I grew up. West Yeah.
OK.
What is the name of your first pet, please?
OK, I had a cat. We call her Mary. Took after my sister's name. Yeah. So funny.
OK. can you confirm the date of which your card was stolen or lost?
I can't oh, that. Well, you know I told you guys the last time it was, it was in a club though. I went to the club and I wanted to buy drinks, but I I I think the date was the fourth the fourth of September. Yeah, I think it was that day. The fourth of September, yeah. Yeah. Yes.
OK. can you please confirm by calling the numbers on your card? The sixteen digit numbers on your card.
Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. OK. Lemme try and get the numbers from my phone.
Just hold on a bit.
OK. OK. put on speaker and I'll get the card number. OK. Seven five two one two.
OK.
Eight zero one two one.
OK.
Three four five one zero.
OK.
Yeah.
all right. I just confirmed that your card has been canceled. And I'm issuing you a new one right away.
Wow. That's what you said last time.
Please make it work this time around.
please, can you confirm the address of the in your card too?
Yeah, one one five three Avenue.
OK.
In California.
All right, you will receive your card in the next seven to twelve hours.
Please let it be so cuz I don't wanna come here again and start looking for how to get the card and we are back to square one with you talking about the whole thing the whole circle again. I don't really want that, OK, please.
All when your card gets to you, you can activate your card by checking it out on our website. They have a step by step procedure on how to activate your card, or you can visit any of our banks that are close to you. Any of our branches that are close to you.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK. Yes, but I also noticed something. I have a some charges here on my phone. from from my accounts. You know, I just found out that you guys have been charging me. I don't know what's this charge is all about you know, so can you explain that to me, please?
Are you reporting a dispute transaction?
Yes. Not really like a transaction but I'm seeing charges going out of my phone. so so I don't know cuz I've not done any transaction yet. But . I don't know, this charge is going out of my phone. I really don't know what the charges are for because you have not given me my my. I've not got my card yet, so what are these charges for?
OK, can you hold on? Lemme confirm the transaction you're talking about. Or charge. OK. It's a charge for issuing the new card.
OK.
OK.
Hmm.
So you don't have to pay because you've already reapplied for a new card previously.
OK.
And I think that'll be it. Is there anything else you want me to do for you?
OK.
Yes. I wanted to know about this online online banking transactions and what's what I need to do online, you know, with my card and all those things. You know, so it makes it easier for me to like get my thing done when I'm like online and so can you just tell me what to do?
OK. An online transaction basically will help you assess your account because of trying making a physical payment. Or whatsoever. you wouldn't even necessarily need to come to the bank.
Kay.
OK.
You can go to our website or download our bank app or mobile app from the Play Store and have it activated.
Oh, wow. I think that's even better than this. You know OK. That's that's that's good. But if I if I if if I have a problem right, I can always come to the bank, right?
Yeah, you can.
Cuz.
OK. OK. Please make sure that the the card comes up, please. seven to hours, please cuz I need to do a little work with my credit card. OK?
All right.
Thank you. Thank you very
Much.
OK. Is there anything else, please?
No, I'm I'm very good. Thank you. It's all explanatory now.
All right, do have a wonderful day. Thank you. Thank you for banking with us.
Thank you, madam. You, too.
OK. Thank you.
Ting-a-ling.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Susan how may I help you?
Hey Susan. I I I moved and I gotta tell you where. you know. I moved my address. My address changed.
And who am I speaking with?
this is Todd Nickerson.
OK Todd. And. Todd Nickerson what is your date of birth?
August twenty-one. Sixty-nine.
OK and. what is your bank account number?
OK. You're ready? It's nine one zero eight four two five zero three.
That's my the bank number. Is that good enough?
OK.
Yup, that's good.
And it was such a pain you know. You remember that rain? Are you in Raleigh?
No I'm not but we service Raleigh.
OK.
OK, well. We had a tremendous rain storm and and my last house and my it was an apartment really. It was ground floor and it got totally flooded. I mean absolutely everything. Got. What is it. Was in three feet of water.
Huh?
Oh, I'm.
Goodness I'm sorry to hear that.
That was.
Such a frustration and so I know I hate. You know I got you on the phone. I wonder if we could get a bank. My bank balance. My my credit card. My not credit card. My checking account balance.
OK I can. I can help you with that. And I would like.
I would. I gave you my savings number but you need my credit card number or you have it there?
I need. I don't need. What did you want? You want to update. You want a balance? OK. You want balance on your account number.
I credit card I sbye bye.
My checking account right.
Che~
And you gave me your savings account. And you don't need a balance on that?
Yeah.
No, I I know what that is but.
OK. Why don't you give me your checking
You
Know what? No. Nevermind. I just. I just wanna change the street address. I I'm sorry. I gotta go though. But so. Let's just change the street address.
OK Todd. I mean. Yeah. Hold on just a minute. OK. I have currently. your street address. Eighteen twenty Wake Forest Road and.
Which is now a big swimming pool.
Oh. Boy that's a job isn't it.
So I. Yeah. I moved down. I'm. I'm on Spring Forest now.
OK. Can I have that address please?
Sure. It's seven two one. Spring Forest Road. Raleigh.
OK. Is that the same ZIP? Two seven six one three?
Yeah.
Two seven six one three. That's correct.
OK, gimme
Just a second here.
So. Busy day today?
it's normal today. Not too busy. Not too slow.
And you're in Raleigh right?
No. No. I. Just we service Raleigh.
Oh. Can. Is it against the rules to ask what city you're in?
No. No I can tell you. I'm Phoenix.
Oh yeah wow! I bet it's hot there now.
Yes. It's pretty hot. OK Todd. I've got that new information updated in your checking account. And. and I also will put it into your savings account also. It's the same. It will be the same address. And is there Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Oh, thanks. Yeah.
No. You know you did great. I I really appreciate it. This is This is tough. I've got a lot to do. You'll be seeing a lot of charges on my credit card as I go and replace all my stuff. Yeah I just got a TV too. A big flat-screen TV. Totally destroyed it.
Oh that's terrible! Sorry to hear that. Did you have insurance?
Oh. I don't know. My girlfriend usually take. Probably not. It's a. Well. We'll see. I don't know.
Ooh.
Ooh. That hurts.
Yeah. Yeah. So. Well. I I definitely appreciate your help. And have a good day!
OK. Well thank you Todd for calling and if you have any other questions or concerns you can call me back. And today your reason was for changing a street address.
That's correct. OK.
OK. Thank you very much Todd.
OK.
Thanks a lot. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for Intellibank. This is Joe. How can I help you today?
Hi, Joe. I called last week and I wanted to check my checking account balance and they said it was nine hundred dollars but when I checked today it was six hundred and I wanted to see what happened. What was the difference.
Perfect. Well, let me take a look for you. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yeah. My name is Stephanie Garcia.
Perfect. Thank you Ms. Garcia.
And then also can I get your date of birth?
My date of birth is May twenty-first nineteen ninety-four.
Thank you and then also can you tell me your account number as well?
Yup. I have that. It is four seven nine zero six nine six two five four.
Perfect. Thank you so much.
And then the last one. Can I get your mother's maiden name?
It is Jobson.
Perfect. All right. Let me get this information pulled up.
And let me see in. So how's your day been so far besides this whole fiasco?
my day is going pretty good. didn't really do too much today. I'm just glad that the weather's starting to dip down and starting to become a little sweater weather.
Yes. It's The weather's changing and in this is my one of favorite times of the year as well.
And once it change to October November as we get in to December, it's always pleasant compared where I live by, it's very hot, over hundreds. Hundred degrees pretty much every day throughout the summer, so. So it's a relief.
Aww.
Oh, that's not fun. Yeah, I'm just glad Halloween is right around the corner I'm just happy for the fall weather. I really don't care too much about the winter only because it's super cold here where I'm from. So I'm just glad to have this type of cool weather at the moment.
No worries. Well, I do see what made of happen last week. Looks like there's some pending transactions that were not reflected when you did call on last Tuesday?
it looks like the mortgage and a couple transactions from Walmart weren't reflected at that time so that adding it together does make up the difference of the five ninety that you currently see compared to where was the balance was given to you last time so there is something that we have recently enrolled our members or have talked about our members to get which is our online banking system which we do also have a mobile app with them.
where you can just be on the go and check you balances because we know that sometimes calling to the call center can be a pain with the wait times and having to wait just to get to talk to one of our me or one of my coworkers so do you have that information with you? Username and password to that online information?
Oh OK. Yeah. I totally forgot all of those other transactions. that actually makes sense.
I did go to Walmart a couple times and Target but but yeah I do have my username and my password. So do I just go on to the website and just download the app?
Yes. So it's your preference. You could go to the mobile store the the place where I mean through through your cellphone and download the app. one of the great things we've done recently is updated it so it reflects pending transactions ASAP. So it will reflect your balance of the pending charges minus off of your balance so you don't get confused.
Oh OK. So it's gonna show me my balance before the pending transaction?
No, after the pending transaction. So yeah, a lot of times what used to happen is a pending transaction wouldn't reflect your current balance so if you call or do anything it will reflect that balance but it won't be minusing out anything that was pending. So then that that will cost a lot of overdrafts and miscommunication with people thinking how much they had in on their balance because of it.
After the pending transaction.
Oh.
Oh OK. That actually makes sense. so I'll definitely do that. Moving forward I'll. I'll take a look and try to get the app and see if I can keep an eye on my balances but while I do have you on the phone, could I ask for another favor and for you to check my savings account balance?
Of course.
it looks like you have two thousand dollars in your savings currently.
OK awesome. that actually seems about right. OK so I'm excited to try this mobile app hopefully that works out for me but I do thank you for your time.
Yeah of course. Is there anything else I may assist you with any other issues you may have had recently with with our with your accounts?
No. Actually, you answered all of my questions and I do thank you and I am going to look into the mobile app for sure.
Perfect. Yeah if you have any difficulties, you could always give us a call or go into a local branch and they could assist you further if you have any additional questions or any hiccups come up while you are using the mobile application or the online service.
OK. Thank you so much for your help.
Perfect. Well, thank you Ms. Garcia. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Hi, I just recently moved to Kansas City and I'm trying to find a banking branch nearby. Could you help me with that?
I can absolutely help you with that. Can I ask who I am speaking with?
Yes, my name is Claire Morrison.
Thank you Claire. Do you prefer that I call you Claire or do you prefer I call you Miss Morrison?
Claire will be fine.
All right Claire, could you provide me your ZIP code so that I can try to see what locations might be closer to you?
Yes, my ZIP code is six four one one nine and I am in the Kansas City Northland, if that helps.
All right thank you Claire. Let me see what locations I can come up with that might be closest for you, give me just a second, OK?
All right, thank you. But I'm looking for a full service location too, not just an ATM.
All right Claire, that's a very helpful. I looks like I have two locations in the six four one one nine area. Would you like me to provide you an address for both of those so you can see which one might be closer for you?
Yes, please.
All right. You tell me when you are ready, Claire, and I will give you those addresses.
I'm ready, you can go ahead.
So for the first location that I have for you, that is three hundred Donovan Street. That's three zero zero Donovan Street. And it's in the Southport Shopping Center. It looks like it's maybe on the North side of the Northland. I also have a location at one one nine Runner Road in Kansas City. That's one one nine Runner Road, Kansas City. And both of these are for full service locations and they look like they operate Monday through Saturday from eight a.m. to five p.m.. are either of these locations near near you?
well, the Donovan address is very close but then you'd have to take I seventy to get there and that's under construction. And right now traffic gets really backed up anywhere near there. So, I mean I don't know that that would be the best location for me but are you from Kansas City?
yes. Yes, actually I am. I'm local here in Kansas City and I totally understand what you were saying about that I seventy traffic. It is horrible right now! It doesn't really make it a very convenient place to get across the river from there, let me.
Oh no, not at all. I live in a really, really small community for like ten years when I got to the States and since moving to Kansas City the traffic is really something that I'm having the hardest time getting used to.
I can completely understand that, Claire. It looks like the Runner Road address is located a little further from the highway. So it might be a little bit easier for you to get to, even if it's a little bit farther away from your house. I don't know if that would be an option for you?
I think it might be worth the extra few miles of drive if it meant that I didn't have to go in I seventy traffic.
Yes. OK, perfect. Well, was there anything else I could do to help you with, Claire?
actually, yes. I had called a few weeks ago and I spoke with someone about possibly getting an auto loan for a new car and I was wondering if you could tell me if the interest rates were any better right now that those auto loans now that we're kind of in a different part of of the month?
I am not sure. Hold on one second here. So, Claire, there is a lot of factors that determine interest rate when it comes to an auto loan and unfortunately I am not an auto loan officer. But I would be glad to transfer you to someone in our auto loan office that could assist you with answering those questions and possibly process you some information for you to get you an interest rate if you were wanting me to do that.
I'm not sure if I even want to get a new a new loan or a new car. I mean I've. I'm not sure I need a new payment, but it's just one of those things I kind of wanted to check on out of curiosity.
I completely understand that concern and I can tell you that Intellibank offers a variety of vehicle loan options and we have lots of member incentives for our customers when it comes to our loan programs. It may be worth just speaking to one of our auto loan agents just to see if we can find an a loan that would fit your needs. if you don't have time to speak with them on the phone today there are also agents available at all of our local branches that can assist you with this. And then we also have the option for you to call back at any point in time, you just choose option number three, and you can speak with our auto loan department via phone at any time if you have questions. That they might be able to walk you through.
OK, I won't be able to do that. I just I just have one more really quick question if you don't mind. I just wanted to know, does that Runner Road location have an actual drive-through?
yes Claire, all of our locations have a drive-through or or a virtual teller option for our customers. And when I say virtual teller I mean that we have the ATM option where you can actually choose an ATM setting to get to an actual teller. they just come virtually through the screen. but yes, all of our locations should have either a drive-through or virtual teller on hand at every single one of our local branches.
That is great. Thank you so much! I really appreciate it, Brenda.
no problem! Is there anything else that I can help you with today, Claire?
No, I think that that will be everything. I thank you, I really do thank you Brenda.
No, thank you Miss Butler. again, just have a wonderful day, we thank you for choosing Intellibank. We we're so glad we were able to help you today. Have a great day! Thank you.
Good afternoon. This is Rose from Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good Kim. How are you?
I'm doing pretty well. how's the weather where you are?
well it's a lot better than it has been. This summer has been crazy crazy hot and I'm so excited for the cool down. I mean it's not actually cool yet but it's not crazy hot anymore where you feel like a hairdryer's blowing in your mouth.
That's hilarious. well Rose I was calling today because I need to close an account and I'd like to transfer the balance into another account of mine and I was wondering if you could help me with that please.
I can certainly do that. bear with me just a few moments while I get some information from you. And so we can take care of this OK?
OK sure.
All right. Bear with me just one second. multiple answers and response. OK. So I know you said your first name is Kim. It's not Kimberly right? Just Kim?
Right. Just Kim.
OK. And what is your last name Kim?
It's J O H N S.
Awesome. Thank you so much. And what is your date of birth?
that's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK thank you so much. and let's see here. And which account would you like to close?
I am looking to close a my savings account.
OK and do you have the account number for your savings account?
sure. Give me one second here.
OK.
OK. OK. I have my my savings account number right here.
OK.
It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much. And your security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
that's Murphy.
Thank you. And OK and we're closing the savings account. And what is your reason for closing your savings?
I'm having trouble keeping up with the fee. as you can see there's not very much in the savings account and I keep being charged the fee because I'm under the minimum balance each month. So I just want to close this out for now and transfer it over to a checking account I have with Chase Bank.
All right I can certainly take care of that for you. and what type of account would you like to deposit the money in that you're taking out of this account?
it's a checking account.
All right and I need the deposit account routing number please.
Sure. It's zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
Thank you. And the deposit account number.
That's seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
All right. Thank you so much. Now bear with me just a moment while I get this set up for you. So out of the account that you are closing that residual balance is five thousand dollars and five five thousand five hundred dollars and thirteen cents. And I am adding that to your checking so that will put your checking account at ten thousand dollars and thirteen cents.
OK. OK thank you.
You're very welcome. And is there any further information that you would like to know about other banking products that we have available?
I actually am interested in opening a checking account with you guys. I'm trying to open up another account and possibly close my checking account with Chase.
OK wonderful. Well we we have a great checking account that actually is free. There's no charge. it does have an interest rate on it but there's no monthly fee. and I can definitely get you set up with that if you. If you would like. It's our new Inspire account.
Yes.
Yes I would like to get that set up with you today.
All right I can certainly take it take take this information from you and get that set up. So bear with me just a moment while I pull that page up for you. OK. I know you just gave me all this information but I have to ask you again so that we can get this account set up for you. OK. So your first and last name please?
Oh, it's no worries.
it's Kim and then Johns, J O H N S.
OK. Thank you Miss Johns. And your date of birth?
That's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. And can you please provide me with the last four digits of your social security number?
sure. It's nine five zero three.
Thank you. And we have a couple of options for your security question. your mother's maiden name the first name of your your first pet the street name that you grew up on.
I'll use the street name I grew up on and that was Broadway.
OK thank you so much. All right.
And bear with me just one moment.
OK. . Oh and I need your mailing address please.
Oh sure. I am not sure what the other account had. I actually had just moved in the last couple of months. my current address is forty-nine Holland Drive Philadelphia PA one nine one zero one. but on my savings account that I just closed it may have had my old address which was seven one zero five Willow Brook Lane and it's still in Philly, Philadelphia PA , and that's one nine one two seven.
OK. All right thank you. That's the one that we needed. The last one. OK, and as far as the interest rates that you will incur on this new account it would be three three point seven.
OK.
And it's actually a free account. There's no fees that will be incurred on this account as you are a loyal customer so we'll be able to give that to you.
Oh OK great.
And is there any further information that you would need about setting up a online banking account in order to access your account balance in the future?
no that's OK. I can go ahead and go online and set it up and if I have any issues I'll give you all a call back.
OK thank you so much. Well it's been a pleasure helping you today Miss Johns and we value your business and your loyalty here at Intellibank and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose and how can I help you today?
hi Rose. My name is Kim and I'm calling for help. I just wanted to check my account balance please.
Oh OK. I can certainly help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions so we can get into your account OK?
Sure.
All right. I know you said your first name is Kim and what's your last name and can you spell it for me please?
sure yes. It's Johns its J O H N S.
Thank you so much and Kim can I also have your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth of nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much and are you calling about your checking account balance or your savings account?
I'd actually like the balance of both if that's OK.
Certainly. we'll start with the checking and can you give me the checking account number?
Sure. lemme see here. OK. my checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much and your security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Murphy.
All right. Thank you so much. OK bear with me just one moment. Let's see here.
Sure. That's no.
Problem.
How's your day been going?
Oh it's been great. Thank you so much for asking. How about you?
It's been going pretty well. Enjoying my Saturday off.
Oh goodness. I I can't wait until I have weekends off again.
It's it looks like it's nice outside today. I can see it from my office window.
Yeah. It's been a nice one.
Yeah. I'm so happy that it's fall or fall-ish. I get you could say. I live in Middle Beach. So it's just now starting to get kind of I can't even say it's cool. It's just not humid and which is amazing cuz it's been insanely hot in the past month. However I I do look forward to traveling up North and seeing the changing leaves. we don't really get that much fall color down here but I definitely look forward to seeing the beauty of North.
I can imagine where you are. You're in PA. I imagine it's really gorgeous there right?
Yeah. It's very nice out here. the weather's been great. Finally getting to wear you know some some long pants and some hoodies and have some fires outside. I always enjoy that.
Oh yes. I love a good bonfire. let's see here. OK Kim. So I have your checking account balance. It looks like you have five five thousand five hundred dollars and thirty-one cents. Does that sound correct?
Yes. That is correct. OK. Thank you so much.
You are so welcome. And
And
I did wanna also check the my my savings balance as well.
OK and can you please give me the account number for that as well?
Sure. It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
All right. Thank you so much and bear with me just a moment while I look that up for you.
Sure. Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
OK. It looks like you have nine thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirteen cents in your savings account.
OK. Great.
All right Miss Johns. did you need some help? we do have an online banking feature where you can check those balances. Did you do you have online banking set up with us?
I don't have online banking set up yet. let me see. I'm actually not at a computer right now but can you give me the the web address?
Certainly. That web address would be WWW dot. Excuse me. WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And once the the blue screen shows up and there's some smiling faces on there you'll just click the hamburger menu up at the top left hand corner of the website and follow the instruction prompts from there. It's pretty self-explanatory. But if you do have any issues or questions please feel free to give us a callback. OK?
OK. That sounds perfect. And and all I'll need is like my account information and then like my personal information and like social probably or something right?
Yes and also a pin. You'll need to come up with a four digit pin and you will sign in to your account with with your email address that we have on file and that pin. The pin is your basically is your password.
OK. Great.
OK. Great. Well thank you so much for your information. I really appreciate it.
You are so very welcome Miss Johns. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
No. That's everything. Thanks so much and have a great day.
Thank you. Thank you for calling Intellibank. We we value your loyalty and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day as well.
OK. Bye bye.
Bye.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Amanda, how may I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnson. I would like to update my phone number today.
OK, no problem. What is your full name and date of birth?
It's Jennifer Johnson and my birthday is eight six two thousand.
OK, what's your last four digits of your social security number?
Six nine one nine.
OK, that's six nine one nine, right?
Yes, that's correct.
OK and what's the address on the account?
It's four nine seven Redwood Lane, Richmond Virginia, six two one three eight.
OK, that's four nine seven Redwood Lane, Richmond, Virginia, six two one three eight?
Yes.
OK, do you know your account number?
No, I'm sorry I don't know it.
That's OK, what about a driver's license or an ID number?
No, I don't have those with me either. Is there anything else I can use?
OK, well if you're wanting to update your phone number, unfortunately, I would have to have you verify your account number, driver's or an ID number.
So, I can't update my phone number? Can you give me my balance and deposit info without it?
I won't be able to update your personal info for you without one of those numbers, but I if you can verify your social or your security question for me I can check on your balance and deposit info.
Oh, OK, at least I can get that. I need to check my checking's account balance.
OK, but when you do get your account number, your driver's or your ID number, you can always give us a call back and one of us will be happy to help you change your phone number, OK?
OK, thank you.
OK, your security question, it looks like it was, what's the name or what was the name of your first pet?
Georgie.
OK, and you wanted the balance for your checking account right?
Yes.
OK, looks like that balance is two thousand twenty-three dollars and eighty-two cents.
How much?
Two thousand twenty-three dollars and eight two cents.
OK.
OK was there anything else you need?
Yes, what was the last deposit amount?
OK, your last deposit was for it looks like eight hundred and seventy-one dollars and sixty-three cents.
What date is it?
on September the fifth.
OK, I thought it was gonna be more than that. Do you have any other deposits?
the only other one that I see was made on August the twenty-ninth for nine hundred and forty-two dollars and sixty cents.
Do you see any depending deposits?
no, I'm sorry I don't see anything else.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it.
OK, Jennifer, I'm sorry that we couldn't help you with changing your phone number today.
That's OK.
Are you signed up for our online banking?
Yes I think I am.
Oh OK, well good. If you're signed up for that, then you can actually change your phone number yourself through our online banking.
Oh, good.
OK, well if for some reason you're not signed up, just give us a call back and we'll help you get those changed.
OK, thanks. Actually can you give me the balance on my savings account too?
Oh, yes absolutely. Could you give me your birthdate again please?
Yes, it's eight six two thousand.
OK and could you verify your address one more time for me?
Yes it's four nine seven, Redwood Lane Richmond, Virginia.
OK, it looks like your savings account balance is three thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and seventy nine cents.
Wow, that's more than what it should be. My direct deposit could have went into that account instead.
Oh OK, well let me check on that for you.
OK.
OK well it does show that you have a pending direct deposit, for that amount, for today. So the amount of that was nine hundred seventy-nine dollars and sixty cents.
Oh, good, that's where the deposit went to. Well, at least I got it.
Yeah, I'm so glad that we were able to help you find that.
Me too, thank you.
OK, well is there anything else that you need today, Jennifer?
No, I think that's it.
OK, well you have a great day.
You too.
Alright, thank you, bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. My name is Alex. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Good morning. My name is John Andrew.
How are you doing today? How's work?
OK. Thank you, sir. I'm fine. How're you doing too, sir?
I'm good. Everything is good here too.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you, sir?
Please, I made a transfer to my sister. She's yet to receive the credit.
OK. If I get it correctly, sir.
You made a transfer to your sister.
And then she's yet to receive the credit.
Yes. She has yet to see the funds.
OK.
It's over five hours now.
OK.
OK, sir. I will need to get some informations from you real quick.
Is that OK?
Yeah. I'm ready.
OK, sir. your full name, sir.
John Andrew.
OK. John Andrew, sir. OK. A moment.
OK. Sir John Andrew, what is your bank account number?
Yes.
Four three.
OK.
Nine six.
OK.
Four five.
OK.
Seven zero nine one.
OK. A moment please.
OK.
OK. Sir Andrews, please, what is your date of birth?
OK. My date of birth is tenth March nineteen eight six.
OK. Tenth March nineteen eight six. OK, sir. OK, sir.
A moment.
OK.
OK, sir. I'm gonna ask you for your license ID number.
OK. I'm gonna call that right now.
OK.
OK.
B six two zero.
OK.
Seven eight zero.
OK.
Four five.
Nine two one zero.
OK. A moment, sir.
OK. Please hold on, sir.
OK.
OK, sir. I'm gonna ask you some security questions.
OK.
sir. What is your mother's middle name?
OK. Sarah.
OK. Sarah.
Yes.
OK, sir. What is her first name?
Charlie.
OK.
OK, sir. what's your favorite food?
Seafood.
Oh.
OK, sir. I love seafood too. OK, sir. OK. I verified the account is yours, sir. How about what type of bank bank account is that?
It's a checking.
OK. It's a checking account.
OK.
Yes.
OK. It's a checking account, sir. OK, sir. A moment please.
OK, sir. Oh, I just checked right now. From our end, the transaction was successful. Probably, it's from the recipient bank.
OK.
So I advise you wait for some hours.
OK. I will also like to lay a complaint. I noticed I was charged extra bank charges. What could possibly be the problem?
OK, sir. you were charged extra.
Yes.
OK, sir. what date was that, sir?
Today. Fourteenth.
OK.
OK. Today. Today.
OK. Please, sir. A moment.
OK, sir. extra charges was from the bank.
Yeah.
sir. Sorry for the inconveniences but we do maintain a service monthly. It was included in the agreement form you signed.
OK. I wasn't aware about that. Maybe I've forgotten about that.
OK, sir. it is included in the agreement form you signed. If you want clarifications on that, you can visit the bank at your leisure time.
OK. Maybe, I'm gonna read that in your internet banking app.
OK, sir. do you need help with online banking? Is that something you would need help with?
Yeah. If I have anything. You could amend you know.
OK, sir. It's pretty easy. You can just log in to the website with your phone with your computer. Then you log in your details. Make sure that you're on the right website.
You log in your details then you follow the prompts. It's gonna be easy from that moment onwards. Then if you wanna check accounts. If you wanna do transfers everything will be listed there.
Is that OK, sir?
Yeah. I'm very OK with that. Thank you.
Wait.
Yes, sir or if you need for for the assistance you can come to the bank for clarifications. Is that OK, sir?
Yes. Thank you.
OK. Is there any last thing I can do for you, sir?
No I'm OK.
OK. sir, sorry for the inconveniences and oh OK, sir. thank you once again for contacting Intellibank. Do have a nice day.
Thank you so much. You have a nice day too.
Yeah. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling us today at Intellibank. This is Linda. How can I be of assistance?
Oh, I was calling for some help on doing things account wise. I'm not sure what to do. I asked my wife and she said maybe call you and get a good idea on how to do it. So I'm calling you. Here I am.
Well, I'll do my best to help you get some clarification on what you need to know. So, who am I speaking with please?
You're speaking with Byron Goodfellow.
So Mr. Goodfellow, give me an idea of what you were thinking of trying to do today.
Well, I want to close out my savings account, and move that money to a money market account. Can you do that for me?
Yes, I can. I'll need to verify a few things. Can you give me your address, phone number, and your social security number please?
Well my address is twelve Long Boat place, Ashley, Ohio, four three zero zero three. And my phone number is six two six, four one zero, zero one seven zero. I think that's the number you have. That's my cell number. My My social my social security number which I don't like to give my whole social security number but, well, since it's a bank I I guess it's OK. it's two seven eight, three four, five five one six.
OK, that's what we have. looks good. we'll also need the answer to this security question which is what is your favorite vacation spot?
Burlington, Vermont. Nowhere better for and taking and looking at leaves in the fall. I plan on going up there this year. My wife and I can't wait. I might even do a little fly fishing.
I've never been there, but I'll keep that in mind in case I ever want to go somewhere fun and interesting. do you go there every fall for a visit?
I try to. Well, I I get up there at least every other year. so I'm if I'm lucky.
That's great. Can you please give me your date of birth too?
May fifteenth nineteen forty.
OK. I will need to know which current account you wish to close as well as the account that you wish to transfer into. Let's start with the account you wish to terminate. Can I have that account number?
I've got it right here. I wanna close the my savings account, and that account number is five five nine three dash seven seven eight five, dash one one zero five. I wanna leave the checking account in tact though. I mean not closed.
OK. Let me double check the account number you want to close. Savings account, correct? And that number is five five, nine three, seven seven eight five, one one oh five. Correct?
Correct. That's it.
OK, what account do you want to transfer to, Mr. Goodfellow?
I wanna put it in my money market account. I I have the numbers for it here.
OK. That's just what I was gonna ask you for next. Do you wanna transfer the total into the money market account or do you just want to split it with another account such as your checking account?
Just go ahead and put it all in the money market account. And can you confirm the current total balance on the savings account I'm closing?
OK. Certainly. It's nine thousand and forty seven dollars as of today. Can I get your routing number for the money market account and the account number please?
I see that's three two five, zero eight, one four zero two. That's the routing number. And the account number is six five one, eight three one one five eight seven.
To confirm, I will be closing your savings account and transferring the money to a money market account. With a routing number of three two, five zero, eight one four oh two. And the account number is six five, one eight three one one, five eight seven, per your request. Is all that clear and correct, Mr. Goodfellow?
It sounds all correct to me, A OK.
Just so you know, it will take up to ten business days of processing before it shows up in your money market account when your when you go in to check it yourself.
Oh, I see. Well, good thing you told me or I might've been calling back.
Glad I could help. Can you tell us why you were closing your savings account with us?
I just wanna put the money where it can do some gross sum.
OK, I understand. give me a moment to process your request. Can I put you on hold for a brief hold, please?
That'd be fine.
OK, Mr. Goodfellow. I have transferred your savings account balance of nine thousand and forty dollars into your money market account And you have been notified that this process can take up to ten business days. I am closing our your savings account, per your request, but leaving the checking account active. Is there anything further that I can help you with today, Mr. Goodfellow?
No, I can't think of anything.
It's been a pleasure serving you today, Mr. Goodfellow and if you have any further banking needs please feel free to call us again, and have a great day.
Thanks. You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sheri speaking. How may I help you today?
Hi. I was wanting to close my bank account with you.
OK, I'll be happy to do that for you. May I have your name, please?
Mhm. My name is Daisy Buchanan.
OK. Thank you for that. and I'll need to verify some information for security purposes. What is your street address, please?
My street address is two seven four Gatsby Road McGee, Mississippi. Three nine one one one.
Thank you for that information. And may I have your date of birth please?
Mhm. My date of birth is oh four ten, two thousand.
OK, thank you. And your driver's license number.
My drivers license number is eight zero one, three two seven, six eight nine, four two seven.
Oh and my social security number is seven two four seven.
OK, thank you. I did need that information as well. and may I ask if you don't mind what is the reason for you wanting to close this account today?
Mhm. The reason I'm wanting to close it is because we've moved and we recently found a new place and there's a bank that's a lot closer to us since we like I just said just moved
And, well, my husband never really liked this bank anyway, so.
OK yes ma'am I understand. and may I have your account number that you're wanting to close today, please?
Mhm. It's seven three six, eight six seven, five three two.
All right. And was that checking or savings?
It's a checking account.
OK thank you for that. All right I do see your balance is twelve fifty seven thirty two were you wanting to get a paper check? Or were you wanting to deposit the residual funds into a different account?
I'd like to deposit into a different account.
OK. Would that be a checking or savings account?
It's a checking.
OK. May I have that routing number please to the deposit account?
Mhm. The deposit number is zero three four six three three six nine seven .
Thank you for that. And may I have the deposit account number please?
it's seven one seven, four six eight one five five.
OK, thank you for that. and when we. When I have this keyed in give me just one moment and I'll have it keyed in for you and then I will be able to let you know how long it'll take for the account balance to transfer. Just bare with me one moment please.
Alrighty. Well how's your day been?
Oh it's been wonderful. I always enjoy my days at work when I'm able to take care of our wonderful customers such as yourself.
OK, I've got that information pulled up. it's showing that off course the closure will take account. Take effect immediately. And then the deposit should show up into your new account within two to three business days it'll show up on your statement with Intellibank dot com, and it will show the amount. just in case you're wondering. And also if it doesn't if for some reason reach your bank within two to three days, just give us a call back and we'll be happy to look into it for you. But we normally don't have any issues with that.
was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes actually. I was wondering if there were any bleh. If there were any other ways to close my account?
or do I need to call the help line every time?
no you wouldn't have to call the help line every time. do you use our online banking tool?
yes I actually do have it.
OK, great. well when you pull that tool up and you. You would just go to the drop down, select the account number that you're wanting to close pull up that account information. From there, you'll see an action menu. And from that drop down just select close account. And then when you go to close account, you'll see a screen pop up that will ask to confirm are you sure you want to complete this this action . Because it cannot be reversed once it's completed. You just select yes to continue. and then. It another pop up screen will show up to where it will ask if you want to opt for a paper check for the residual balance in the account. Or if you would like to transfer the funds into a new account.
And if you select to transfer the funds into a new account, a screen will pop up then that'll ask for the routing number account type, and the account number. And then you'd just would confirm that by re-entering the information again. And then select continue. and then after that, you'll get a confirmation screen and it'll have a confirmation for you. Just jot that number down for your records.
And then it'll be complete. And it should take the same time frame as if it would if you were calling the help line. The count a closure will take a place immediately. and then the fund transfer will take place within two to three business days.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
no I actually believe that's it. Thank you so much.
Well thank you. And again my name is Sheri. Thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a great day.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. What can I do for you today?
Hi, I was wondering if you could tell me what my balance is?
Sure, I'd be happy to help. Let me pull up your account so I can check your balance. May I have your account number please?
Sure, it's two one two three four five.
Thanks. And is this account a checking or savings?
Checking.
Great. Before we continue I do need to verify some information for the security of your account. May I have your full name and date of birth?
Sure. My name is James Forest and my date of birth is March first nineteen eighty-one.
Thank you for that. And for your security question, what is the name of your first pet?
Suleman.
Thanks. One moment while I pull up your account.
Actually I need something else. Could you help me make a internal transfer between two accounts? I'd like to withdraw money from the checking account I just gave you and my savings account.
Oh sure no problem. May I have the savings account number you wish to transfer money to?
Yes, the savings account number is one four one two five two.
And how much would you like to transfer to your savings account?
Eight hundred.
Thanks. So just to confirm, we will be transferring eight hundred dollars from your checking account, number two one two three four five, to your savings account, number one four one two five two. After the transfer is complete your checking account will have a remaining balance of two hundred dollars. And your savings account will have a balance of two thousand dollars. This transfer will go into effect immediately.
OK great, thanks.
Sure. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, actually I want to close the account and transfer any remaining balance to my savings account.
OK, and which account are you looking to close?
It's a money marketing account.
OK, may I have that account number?
OK, that account number is one seven one eight nine zero.
OK and may I ask why you're closing the account?
I don't use that account anymore.
OK. So it looks like the balance on your money market account is one hundred and fifty dollars. To confirm, you'd like to transfer that balance to your savings account, number one four one two five two, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
And do you have the routing number for your savings account?
yes, that is zero zero zero two three two one four seven.
Thank you. So I can confirm your money market account will be closed effective immediately and the residual balance of one hundred and fifty dollars will be transferred to your savings account. Was there anything else you needed?
No, that was it. Thanks so so much for your help.
My pleasure. Thanks again for calling Intellibank.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hello. Sorry about that. Yeah. I was wondering about. Well, I moved and we're a little bit out of the country. And I was wondering, we need to find some ATMs in my area. And I have a couple other questions about regarding that as well.
Oh. Nevermind.
Yes sir. We'd be more than happy to help you with that. OK, first I'm gonna have to get some information from you to to verify your account. Can you give me your first and last name?
Richard Galls. G A L L S.
Thank you, sir. And could you give me your street address?
Street address. Eight hundred, Canal Boulevard, Weirton, West Virginia. Five five six two eight.
OK. Thank you for that. And can you answer the security question that you have set up for verification on your account? what's the what's the your mother's maiden name?
Clipper.
Thank you very much for that. And can you verify the last digits of your social?
Four eight, seven two.
Thank you for that. OK. And so you're looking for some ATMs near you, huh?
Yeah I live over at at Whistle Mountain. And it's a little bit out of town now. They get really good fishing out there, you know that?
OK.
Oh, wow. That's. You know, I've heard that. I understand that they they do.
They've been stalking up there. And they got a lot of streams cleaned up from the old acid mine drainage that If you go fishing, it's a really really good place to go.
Wow.
OK, so the the location that you are right now is in the state and what is the state you're in?
State?
Mhm.
I'm in our state. West Virginia.
Now you're
In West OK. OK. Right now?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's up on Whistle Mountain.
Oh, OK. OK. And let's see And there are a few different options that we have that we can steer you in. close to you there are three or four. There's a Walmart there at the the Chilean exit. And you can more than happy you they'd be more than happy to help you there. Their ATM runs twenty-four hours a day. and they also have the
Is.
Walmart open twenty-four?
Yes.
They still cuz all that pandemic stuff again.
Sometimes and sometimes they are. Sometimes they aren't. They are now back on.
Some of them close like ten o'clock now cuz of the Cordova virus.
Yes. Yes, you're exactly right. yes, but they are on twenty-four hours a day now. And then, they also have the cash deposit if you're interested in that.
Oh, OK. Cuz if cuz if the one reason my lady was talking to me about that. She's like when you call in, you make sure see if you can put cash deposit when you drive in that cab around with all that money. You need to make sure you can deposit it. Don't have all money on you. So nobody don't work trying to rob you.
That's exactly right, sir. That's a that's a good idea.
Cool
And
And also, you know that that ATM at that Walmart will be great. but I have one more question about that. Does that Walmart have the ITM to where they have the integrated teller. You push that button and you can talk to a real person. You know if you have an issue?
Yes.
I do believe they do, sir. They've upgraded all of the ATMs in that surrounding area. there's also two more there's one at the the it's called Mimi's and they also have the integrated ATM there also. And if you. Even if you don't have your debit card or your driver's license you can talk to a live agent. And they will help you get into your account.
OK. That's pretty cool.
And is there is there anyway. Is there anything I can help you with online banking to maybe to get out into your account easier or
Yeah. what's my with~
What is my withdraw limit for the for the days? A two hundred, five hundred or thousand or.
Yeah. It.
And yours is five hundred.
OK. OK. Can I raise that?
daily and.
Yes, we can raise that.
Cuz my old bank I could.
Do a thousand bucks and then they cut me off.
Yes. We sure can.
would be more than happy to help you with that. We can raise that that limit for you. And I wanted to let you know that there's also some fees that can incur. you wanna be aware that sometimes you might incur. You might incur a two dollar maintenance fee for the withdrawal of the cash.
What kinda fee?
At our at our own ATMs?
Yes. It's it's it's yeah. I'm I know sir. I am so sorry about that. Yes. I'm sorry about that. they're still working out some glitches with that, but it.
That's different.
Should be free at your own place usually.
yeah. Yes. Depending, but you know.
That might turn.
A lot of people away. .
Yeah a lot of these online banks now that are doing different things so, you know.
Y'all should change that or you lose and you lose a lot of potential customers on that.
Yes. You're right about that. I I Yup. That. I really I really do believe you're right, sir. But
Well. I'm here. I ain't I ain't going nowhere.
Just trying to help.
Yeah. For right now, I guess that's what they're gonna do until they do something different. but yeah. If you need anymore help or if you think that maybe I.
I'm on the phone. Hold on. I'm trying to talk to I'll be right there.
She's wanting. Ask me what time I'll be ready.
Oh, OK sir. Is is there anything else that I can help.
No you.
Can't have my last Reese cup. Sorry about that.
That's OK, sir.
Yeah, I guess we just wrap it up. It's getting louder in here. Around supper time, everybody gets wonky. Sorry. So the Walmart down there at the bottom of the hill at part of the mountain?
Right, right? I I totally understand that.
Yes.
Is there any other places?
Yes, there's a couple more. there's a Cracker Barrel that has the same kind of ATM. That's about four miles from that. so, if you are up that in that that part of the area, you can find the an ATM right there inside of the Cracker Barrel.
Really?
Nice.
We'll just have to go to Cracker.
Barrel for supper tonight.
Yes. it is one of our favorites too.
Hey! We're going to Cracker Barrell, all right?
They got a chicken.
Fried chicken. All right, ma'am. Well I appreciate it.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I guess that's about it really.
Well thank you very much for calling Intellibank and it was a pleasure helping you this evening.
Thank you, ma'am.
Bye bye.
All right.
Hello. Good morning. My name is Alex. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you, sir?
I'm John Andrews. I'm calling to replace my lost card.
OK, John Andrews. What's the date of birth, sir?
Tenth of March nineteen eighty-six.
OK. So what's your card number?
Four three nine.
OK.
Six four.
OK.
Five seven zero nine one.
OK, sir. what's mother's maiden name?
Sarah.
What type of bank account your using?
Checking account.
OK, sir. I'll be really quick.
OK. So should I get the account blocked? The card blocked?
Yeah. Get the card blocked.
OK, sir. A minute.
Yeah, yeah.
OK. I'll send it to your address that you registered with the bank with. Is that OK with you, sir?
Yeah. Thank you.
OK, sir. Did you wanna check something else?
No. Nah thank you.
OK, sir. thank you very much for contacting Intellibank. Do have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Carolyn. How can I help you?
Yeah. Hey, this is Kevin Moore.
Hi, Kevin. How can I assist you today?
Well, I need to check my account balance, and I need to find the nearest location cuz I just relocated to this apartment off of I think it's eighty-six street or something. Anyways, yeah. I need to know my account balance for the savings and I need to know your local branch.
OK. Sure, I would be happy to assist you with that today. can I please get your address?
Oh, yeah. My address is fifty-six fifty-eight North Pine Street.
OK. Please give me a moment while I look up the nearest location.
Sure.
OK. It looks like the nearest location to your address is going to be at eight oh nine, Main Street.
Oh, I know the place. There's a library over there. not like a regular library. It's like a library annex or something, isn't it?
yes, that would be correct. And this is across the street on the corner from there.
OK.
OK. And secondly, you said you needed to check your savings account balance?
Yeah, I need to know how much is in there.
OK. I just need to get some verifiable information from you.
Sure.
OK. can I get your first and last name?
Yeah, that's Kevin Moore.
OK. Can I get your date of birth?
Yeah, it's January first, nineteen seventy-nine.
OK. Thank you. Can I get the last four of your social security number?
Yeah, it's eighty fifty-six.
OK, thank you. it looks like you have a security question on your account. what is your favorite snack?
my favorite snack is donuts.
it looks like that is incorrect.
Oh, well, I'm not really sure the account question number. Is there any other way I can verify this information?
you have another security question on your account. it looks like it is, what is your favorite shoe color?
Oh, that's easy. It's orange.
Yes, that is correct. OK. and then.
You're a bit.
Of a Denver Broncos fan.
Nice. They're good. OK. and then could I please get your savings account number?
Yeah. It's fifty-three seventy-nine one oh seven.
OK. shows here you have a balance of eight hundred seventy-two dollars and twelve cents.
Oh, yeah. That sounds correct. Yes, that's quite correct.
OK, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been really helpful. Thank you.
OK. Thank you. You have a great day, Kevin.
You too, Carolyn.
Bye bye.
Hi, good afternoon. This is Rose, welcome to Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I am a new customer actually and I'm looking to open up an account with you guys.
Fantastic, welcome. I can certainly help you with that. Bear with me just one moment, let me get my screen to act right. OK so I just have to get some information from you so we can get this account opened for you, OK?
Thank you.
Sure.
All right Kim, and is it Kimberly? Is that your first name or is it just Kim?
just Kim.
OK and what is your last name?
It's Johns, that's spelled J O H N S.
OK. Thank you so much. And Ms. Johns what is your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. And I need your social security number please.
sure, that's one seven three seven three nine four zero three.
Thank you ma'am. and what kind of security question would you like? could be the first name of your pet, your mother's name, what street did you grow up on.
I think I'll do the street that I grew up on.
All right.
And that was Broadway.
OK Thank you so much. OK. Let me make sure I have everything. OK. there is there are interest rates and fees that will incur and I just want to discuss those with you right now. So the interest rate would be one point three. And the fee that will incur each month for this checking account is three dollars and eleven cents.
OK.
And let's see here. And I'm going to send out your checks to you in the mail on this address that we have for you. And would you like any further information about setting up online banking in order to access your account balance in the future?
yes please, that would be great.
OK so what you would do is go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and on the left hand side the top left hand side of the screen you'll see a little hamburger, you're gonna click on that and right underneath there is going to have a a little place where you click on profile and the website is super easy. It basically walks you through everything you need to do and you just follow those prompts Ms. Johns. put in the information that you just gave me and then it's going to send you a confirmation to your cell phone to set up a pin. Your pin is going to be your password for your online account, OK?
Oh OK.
So you'll use your email as your login and your pin as your password.
Oh OK great. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help today.
You are very welcome. And was there anything else that I can help you with today?
I did want to ask you about some some local branches. having some brain fog. where some local branches are and their the hours.
Sure, I can definitely help you with that. Bear with me just one moment and let me see which one is available for you.
And I'm right in Philly. my ZIP code is one nine one zero one.
OK.
So I'm hoping, you know, there's gonna be something kinda within twenty minutes from me.
All right, thank you so much. Bear with me just a moment.
Sure.
so sorry. My computer's giving me some issues, bear with me just a few moments.
How has your day been?
pretty good aside from my computer giving me issues. You know Mercury retrogrades going on so electronics seem to have issues when that's happening. Isn't that crazy?
Yeah always, I know it's so bizarre.
Always so fun to try to explain that to someone, a customer who doesn't or isn't aware of it, you know?
Right.
That it's a real thing and it really does affect you know, computers and electronics and basically everything you need to get done.
Right.
All right. Let's see here. So I I was able to find a couple actually that are just about twenty minutes with within that range of time from you, OK? So we've got one on five nine two nine W Girard Avenue.
OK.
OK.
I said W, it's definitely time for me to go to sleep. I'm so sorry. I meant West Girard Avenue. I'm so sorry.
That's OK.
and the hours there are from nine a.m. to five p.m..
Monday through Friday. Saturday from five I mean nine excuse me until until twelve p.m.. And then the second one I found was at four nine west Chelten avenue.
OK.
OK.
And that one actually opens up at seven a.m..
Oh wow, OK.
And closes at six p.m.. And on Saturday it's nine to twelve.
OK that's perfect. Thank you.
You're very welcome. OK. And those are the only two within that time frame or distance that you were looking for. Did you want me to find any other ones for you?
No I think these two will be good to start. If I need anything else I'll give you all a call back.
OK, awesome. Well again we're so happy to have you as a part of our family and if you should have any questions, please don't feel hesitant to call us. and then also I wanted to let you know the online banking has a chat feature so if it's after hours that's the best way to get in touch with someone who's actually an employee of the bank.
Oh OK great.
OK.
You know. Thanks so much again.
You are very welcome Ms. Johns. thank you so much for your business and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks hun you too.
Thank you bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes, Steven. My name is Dan Thomas. And I need to close my savings account and transfer the remaining funds to my checking account.
All right. I can certainly help you take care of that today. Can I have you verify your first, last name, and your date of birth, please?
Dan Thomas T H O M A S. Five twelve nineteen sixty. And my phone number is six one one two two one three zero five five.
Thank you, sir. I've got your account pulled up here. And if I could go ahead and have you verify the last four of your Social, please.
Eight zero one one.
Thank you. And then just the security question on your account today, what was the street that you grew up on?
Magnolia.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I've got that pull up. Now it shows you do have a savings account and two different checking accounts with us. which was the account you're wanting to close?
it would be my savings account and the account number is nine one eight eight one nine seven three nine.
All right, sir. Thank you for that. And can I just ask why you are wanting to close the account today?
I'm not earning very much interest on it and the fees are just too high.
All right, I certainly understand that issue. you were wanting to deposit this into one of your two checking accounts. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. Thank you. And can I go ahead and get the account number for the checking account that you're wanting to deposit into.
Two zero nine zero two one eight four two zero. And the routing number is seven seven one three seven three five six three, in case you need that.
All right. Thank you very much, sir. I've got that pulled up. And looks like you have two thousand four hundred an ninety-six dollars and twelve cents in your savings account. Did you want to go ahead and transfer all of that into the checking?
Yes, please.
All right, sir. I've gone ahead and got that set up and I will go ahead and get it processing for you. that balance. Being the being the balance that that it is, it may take up to two business days for it to fully reflect into your checking account.
OK. That sounds good.
All right, Mr. Thomas. Well I've got that processing for you. And is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I really can't think of anything. Oh is there any fees associated with doing this?
no, sir there won't be any fees today, as you were just closing and transferring and you. Looks like you will get refunded for the service fee that you were charged on October first for that account. that will be refunded and made available into your checking account. it may take a few more days for that to process because it will try and refund to the savings account. The system takes a few days for it to realize that it needs to send that money to your checking account instead.
OK. Well, I do appreciate it.
Well I'm glad I could assist you today, Mr. Thomas. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think there is.
All right, well, if you could hang on the line, there will be a brief survey for you to fill out and let us know how we did today. And how we can better service you in the future. And if there's nothing else I can help you with, then I thank you for calling Intellibank customer services and I will let you have a wonderful rest of your day.
OK. You too, as well.
Thank you, have a good one.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, My name is Angela, how can I help you today?
Yes, I have a problem with my account.
All right, sir. Before I complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
Can I have your first and last name?
My first My name is Tim Bailey. Sorry about that.
Alright Tim Bailey. Is that the A I L E Y.
Yes.
Alright, Mr. Bailey, what is the date, what is your date of birth?
nine eight one nine seven four.
OK, your date of birth is nine eight nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
And could I have your driver's license number please?
My driver's license number is six one nine five two four nine six four.
Alright. To verify your driver's license is six one nine five two four nine six four.
Yes.
Could you tell me the last four digits of your social security number for security purposes?
Yes ma'am. seven zero three eight.
Seven zero three eight?
Yes.
Alright sir, and you said you were having a problem with one of your accounts? Is that a checking or savings account?
It's a checking.
All right, could you give me that account number please?
Yes. Five one four three three six seven zero seven one.
All right you gave me account number one five one four three three six seven zero seven one.
Yes.
Alright, sir what seems to be the problem with this account?
Well I got my account statement and I don't recognize the transaction.
All right. Well, let me get a little information about that transaction that you're having questions about. Do you have the transaction date?
Yes my transaction date is eight nineteen two thousand twenty-one.
Alright so it was on the nineteenth of August.
Yes.
could you tell me the dollar amount of that transaction?
I sure can. It was two hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Two hundred and seventy-five dollars?
Yes.
Alright, sir and you're saying that there's an issue with this transaction? You you don't recognize the transaction?
Yeah, I don't recognize the trans I don't I don't recognize it.
Do you not recognize the company? Perhaps was it membership or anything like that that you might have signed up for? With a different company?
No.
No, OK. does anyone else have access to your account? They could they have made this transaction?
no, no one has access to my account.
OK so did you contact this business? It looks like Telly Network?
I contact I contact the business Yeah I contact them but
But you still didn't recognize?
I didn't recognize it.
OK.
I said.
OK sir well we can dispute this transaction for you but I need to get a you already told me the reason for this dispute. You said you do not recognize.
Yes.
This transaction.
Yes.
Alright let me write this down for you.
OK.
OK I'm going to go ahead and file a dispute for you for that transaction I have escalated this transaction it's going to be set up with our fraud department, they're going to look into it for you. It can take anywhere from one to ten business days to complete this investigation.
OK OK. Alright. So, what's taking so long with it? What's taking so long?
Oh, well sir it usually takes a while for them to actually contact the company and make sure that they actually give you the information and go back and forth. Sometimes they dispute with us that you did this transaction. So we'll have to actually verify where this transaction came from.
OK.
So do you got the right, I mean, so so are you helping me with it?
Yes, sir.
OK.
Alright. And once we get done with the dispute, sir, we'll notify you in writing of the results of the investigation. It could take a little bit of time. It could take additional time. If it does we'll also notify you of that. In the meantime, we've put a hold on the transaction and we've sent a notification to the charging party, and I'm going to give you a confirmation number for this transaction. So, if you have any questions you can just call us back. and give us that confirmation number, and anyone would be able to help you. with additional information. Are you ready to take down this confirmation number?
Yes and one more question, how long will that take?
It could take anywhere from one to ten business days.
OK.
I do apologize, sir.
it's all right.
OK that confirmation number is five one nine six three two five nine seven zero zero zero.
That's a lot of zeros. Let me say it again, so I can get it right.
OK.
Five one nine six three two five nine seven zero zero zero.
Yes sir, that is correct.
OK.
Is there anything else I can do for you today sir?
All right, that's gone have to be it
Alright, thank you very much Mr. Bailey for your time and patience we'll try our best to make sure this is resolved for you. Again, my name is Angela and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Hello thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter, how may I help you?
Hi Peter this is Mena how are you doing?
I'm doing well how are you doing today Mena?
I'm doing fine. I just moved into town.
Oh, welcome to town.
Oh thank you and I need to pick a bank and open a new bank account.
Oh well I am so happy that you gave us a call. We are your local bank here in Provo Utah.
Oh OK I just picked up the first phone that it came up on Google. Where are you exactly located so I can see like how far are you from me?
So, our
Our main branch is at four fifty one Main Street in Provo, Utah.
OK.
And where are you located?
I am on Maple Street and Fox Ford Street.
OK all right. It. So you're not that far from our main branch. We have a couple of satellite branches throughout Provo and Orum. but the main branch is only couple of blocks six seven blocks away from you.
OK well before I come up, can you please tell me do you guys charge any fees for transferring money between different banks cuz I have to close my bank account from my old state.
So, inbound transfers, there are no fees. for a wire transfer there is a fee but for an ACH transfer there is not a fee.
OK. And then I'm gonna be traveling international. can I use my card out of those country?
Yes you can. We do issue you a VISA debit card for your account and if you wanted to you could apply for a VISA credit card with with us also.
And then what are your fees for international usage?
we have no fees for international re-usage. There is the the the currency exchange fee. So when you are overseas and you pay in euros for instance, there will be a fee there will be a fee to transfer that back to US dollars on your statement.
Do I have to call in advance to tell you that I'm gonna be using my card overseas?
no you don't but it it is helpful for us so that your card doesn't get flagged with your transactions.
OK. Well that sounds good. All right. what are your hours?
we are open from eight to four Monday through Friday and from nine until two on Saturdays.
Oh you guys are open on Saturdays?
Yes we are. We are closed on Sunday though.
Well yeah. Sunday obviously. I'm in Provo. I figured that out. I'm learning. what about your ATM is it twenty-four seven?
Yes they are twenty-four seven and we have a number of them around town.
OK. what was the name of? Sorry you gave me so much information, and I, I don't even know which bank I'm talking to.
We, we are Intellibank. I N T E L L I B A N K Intellibank. Your Intellibank banking source.
Intellibank.
Well that's OK that's easy to remember. can I. Do I. I I should know that but do I need to come to the branch first to open the bank account or I can do it online and set up my profile online?
you can actually go onto Intellibank dot com and start your opening up your account.
OK.
So you can do everything you need to there. It'll walk you through at at a certain point you will take a picture of your government issued photo ID
OK.
and then our system will verify all of the information. And then you will need to fund the account.
OK. All right I'll probably just do that since I'm moving and I have movers coming in and my parents are coming in and it's just Furniture is just a little bit stressful but I will try to get that done.
OK.
Is there anything else I that.
Can assist you with?
I think that was a lot of information. No I think that is, that is all.
All right. Well if there's anything else that we can assist you with please do let us know. And we look forward to having you as a customer of Intellibank.
Well, thank you so much Peter.
All right, thank you. Have a wonderful day.
You, too. Bye bye.
All right.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Richard. How may I help you?
Hello. This is Bob. I had called earlier to pay my power bill but it wasn't enough money to do it with so I had to put some more money in and now I wanna try again and check my account balance. See if there's enough in there to do it with.
OK. I can help you with that. I just need to collect some information and verify your identity. What is your first and last name?
First name Bob last name Mills. Bob Mills.
And what is your date of birth?
Date of birth is February fifth nineteen sixty-four.
Do you have a credit card number that I can use?
No I don't.
OK I could use your driver's license. What is your driver's license number?
OK give me just a minute to get that. OK ready.
Yes I'm ready.
It's Michigan. Two five nine six eight three. One four.
Thank you Mr. Mills and the security question associated with this account is what town were you born in?
Saginaw, Michigan.
OK thank you. Is this a checking account or a savings account?
Checking.
And the account number.
just a second I got it right here. OK account number account number is six five nine one zero two seven.
OK that's six five nine one zero two seven.
That's correct.
OK just a moment.
Your account balance is one fifty-nine seventy-two.
Oh good. That's good. That's that's just what I needed to hear cuz that power bill was one fifty so I got just enough to pay that and maybe even a little bit left over so yeah I guess I guess that's good OK
Would you like to hear about online banking services and make it more convenient for you to do things like check your account balance?
Oh no no I don't mm no I haven't I don't trust that online banking.
Oh I assure you that Intellibank is very secure I understand your concerns would you like to visit our website and learn about what we do to help protect your essential information.
Well maybe I I guess I could do that OK.
And is there another account balance that you need to check.
Yes I need to check my savings account.
OK savings account and what is the savings account number?
It is eight five nine one zero two seven.
OK eight five nine one zero two seven.
That account balance is ten dollars.
Ten dollars dang I thought I had more than ten dollars in there shoot that.
Does that ever happen to you like you go to check your account balance and you think you have more in there and it's only ten dollars?
Oh I'm sure it's quite common Mr. Mills but we can help you at Intellibank to develop your savings skills and if you'll visit our website you can learn about some of these other auxiliary services that are Intellibank can offer to customers such as yourself.
OK well mm I'm like I guess I'll do that.
is there anything else that I could help you with today?
Well if I did wanna go to that website like what would I have to do do I just can I just google that up or is WWW dot.
And just go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com WWW dot I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
OK I I I could do that. I sure appreciate your help.
Thank you for using Intellibank.
Well you're very welcome and I just appreciate all your help and professionalism and you know kinda helping me over over that little speed bump.
OK. Bye for now.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Shelly. How can I help you today?
Yes, hi my name is Benny Starbuck. How you doing today?
I'm pretty good Mr. Starbuck. How are you?
OK.
And what was the reason for your call today?
I would like to open up a new checking account.
All right, Mr. Starbuck. So you would like to open a new checking account you said?
Yes.
All right, I'm gonna have to get a little information from you in order to set up this new account.
OK.
OK. First of all, could you verify your first and last name? You said, Benny Starbuck.
Yes.
OK, is that spelled B E N N Y.
Yes.
S T A R B U C K.
Correct.
All right, could I get your date of birth, please.
My date of birth is eleven nine nineteen seventy-four.
OK, that is November ninth nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
OK, could you give me your social security number, please?
My social security number is nine one five six six seven zero three nine.
OK, that number is nine one five six six seven zero three nine.
Yes.
All right, Mr. Starbuck. could I also get your full home address?
Yes, my address is twenty-three fifty-two Maxwell Street and my phone number is area code six nine nine five four one two three eight nine.
OK, it's twenty-three fifty-two Maxwell Street.
Yes.
that's here in Manchester?
Yes.
OK, what is that ZIP?
zero six zero four zero.
OK, so twenty-three fifty-two Maxwell Street Manchester, Connecticut. Zero six zero four zero.
Connect.
Yes.
All right.
One moment while I put that information in.
OK.
OK, Mr. Starbuck. Which type of account did you say you wanted to open, checking or savings.
Want to open a new checking account.
OK, so new checking
OK, in order to establish this account, I'm gonna have to set up a security question for you. it can be, what is your mother's maiden name? What is your first pet? Which one would you like?
the name of my first pet.
OK, so what is the name of your first pet?
Richie.
R I C H I E.
I E.
Yes.
thank you, sir. All right. Let me just check this information and set this up in the system right quick.
OK.
All right, Mr. Starbuck. I have set up a new checking account for you. I have a new number right here if you want to write it down.
OK. I'm ready.
That new number is five one four six two nine five six seven.
Seven OK. You said five one four six two nine five six seven.
Yes sir.
OK perfect.
All right, I've already set up that account for you it should be active right away. the security information is already processed if you would like I can give you more information about online banking. You can set up that account online that way you can you know, access your account and set up anything, and check it whenever you're ready.
OK. yes, you got that information?
Yes, you would go to Intellibank dot com.
OK. OK.
Now on the first page, there's two tabs.
OK.
You go to online banking.
Online banking.
Yes.
OK.
It would ask for your account number and some personal information.
OK.
Once you set that up, once you authorize that information it'll ask to set up your account with a email address.
OK.
Once that's verified then you can just access that account and you'll be able to go to any account that you have with this bank already.
OK, I get it.
OK. is there anything I can do to you? Do for you today, sir?
Yes, I would like to close my savings and transfer the money to my new checking account?
Oh OK, so you want to close your savings account that's with this bank?
Yes.
OK. Just one moment.
OK.
and in order to access that I'm going to have to get some more information from you, sir. what's the last four digits of your social?
Last four digits of my social is seven zero four eight.
OK, and what's your driver's license number?
Driver's license number is six one nine five two four nine six three.
OK, that number is six one nine five two four nine six three.
Yes.
And you said you wanted to close your savings account.
I yes.
OK sir, and what is the reason for this closure?
just I just needed this one account.
OK, you just want that one account?
Yes.
All right. All right currently the account
OK, so what was that account number for your savings that you wanted to close?
that number is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
OK, the account number is five one nine eight one nine nine two nine zero.
five one four eight nine one nine nine two nine zero.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
OK. So you wanted to transfer the current funds in that savings account to the new checking that you just set up.
yes, how much do I have in that account?
OK, so your current balance is six hundred and ninety-five dollars and forty-three cents.
OK.
OK, so just give me a moment while I go ahead and close out this account.
OK.
And transfer your fund into that new checking.
OK.
Just one moment sir.
All right, so that new account has been processed and set up. Your old account will be closed. it should take effect within the next twenty-four hours.
OK.
I will. It has transferred six ninety-five dollars point forty-three from your savings account your old savings account to your new checking account that is an immediate transfer it should show in your account already probably within the next thirty minutes or so.
OK, sounds good.
All right. will that be all for you today, sir?
yes, that's about it.
Well, thank you very much Mr. Starkbuck. Again thank you for your time and patience and my name is Shelly enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jasmine. How can I help you today?
Hi there. I would like to send money to my friend.
All right. sir, do you have do you have their account information?
Yes.
do they bank with this bank?
no.
Oh, OK sir. Well, we can set up a wire transfer for you if you have their information.
Oh.
OK. Before I complete your request I need to ask a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
OK, sir. Can I get your first and last name?
Grady Anderson.
Grady Anderson?
Yes.
OK, sir. What's your date of birth?
Date of birth, eight fifteen nineteen seven four.
All right. Eight fifteen nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK, sir. Can I get some authenticating information from you? Do you have could I have your credit card number, please?
ooh. Boy. sorry, I don't have my credit card number at this time.
OK, sir. Do you have your driver's license number on you?
yes, I can do that.
All right.
It's six two eight, four three seven nine six nine.
OK, sir. Lemme repeat that back to you. It's six two eight, four three seven nine, six nine?
Yes.
OK. And for account security, could I get the last four digits of your social?
Yes. It's six six zero three.
Six six zero three.
Yes.
All right, sir. So you said you wanna make a wire transfer to your friend?
Yes.
Which account will you be transferring from? Checking or savings?
checking.
All right, sir. Could you give me that account number, please?
Yes. Checking is five eight six zero, two four three two seven seven.
All right, sir. That number was five eight six, zero two four three two seven seven?
Yes.
All right. Lemme just key that in for you, and check on that account.
All right.
All right, sir. Your current balance on that account is four thousand five hundred twenty-three dollars and sixty-four cents. How much would you like to transfer?
mm, lemme see. five hundred.
All right. You wanna make a transfer of five hundred?
Yes.
Would that be domestic or international?
International.
All right, sir. For international transfers there's an additional forty dollar fee.
Oh.
Would that be fine?
Yes.
All right, sir. Could I get the recipient's first and last name, please?
Jermaine Williams.
All right. That's J E R M A I N E?
Yes.
OK, could I get the city, state, and ZIP code, please?
Yeah. It's at Decatur, Georgia.
OK, sir. So that's Decatur, Georgia?
Yes.
And what was the ZIP code?
ZIP code, three zero zero three two.
OK, sir. looks like that's gonna be a actual domestic transfer so you won't be charged that forty dollar fee. All right?
All right.
All right, sir. Which account would you like to transfer that to your checking or savings account?
It's a checking account.
All right. Could I get the routing number, please?
Yes. Six one zero. Three three two four nine one.
OK. So that's six one zero, three three two four nine one?
Yes.
All right. And could you give me the account number?
Yes. It's five one one four two, three seven seven.
OK. So that account number is five one one four two three seven seven?
Yes.
All right, sir. Is this going to be same day, next day, or three day delivery?
Can I just make that for the same day?
Sure, sir. There is actually a thirty dollar charge for same day delivery.
OK, that's fine.
All right. So to reiterate, you're going to make a transfer of five hundred dollars to a domestic account with a fee of thirty dollars. So your amount will be five thirty dividend from your account. It should be within their account. by the end of today at five p.m.. Might wanna check with their bank. I'm not sure what time theirs closes, but since you've done it pretty early in the day, it should be in there today.
All right.
All right. I have a confirmation number for this transaction. Would you like that confirmation?
no need for it.
All right, sir. Will that be all for you today then?
yes, that's it.
Well, thank you very much Mr. Anderson for your time and patience. Again, my name is Jasmine. Have a great day.
Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. How may I help you?
Hey, Peter. This is Mina. How are you doing?
I'm doing well, how are you doing today?
Oh, I'm doing all right. I need a little bit of help.
OK. How can I help you?
I am driving around and I'm trying to locate one of your branches.
OK. Do you have a do you know what your current location is?
not quite. I'm in Montpelier in New Hampshire.
OK. All right. Do you know some cross streets or can you give me some ideas? we have branches in in Montpelier, New Hampshire. But if you give me some cross streets, I can help locate where you where the closest branch is to you.
OK. Hold on. can you just hold on a second? I'm gonna try to find a spot I can park.
Sure.
Thank you. Just hold on.
All right. Maybe over here.
How's the weather out there today?
it's beautiful. It's sunny.
Mm, that's nice.
Yeah. It's nice to see all the colors changing.
I'm sure it's beautiful.
All right, I'm coming into a parking. really everybody's taking all the parking spots. Hold on. OK. All right. I'll pull right here. All right. I'm good. Lemme see. So I am it's a grocery store thing. Actually, hold on. I gotta drive and see what the what the name of the street is. OK. It's Golden Road. Lemme see, yeah. Golden Road and Main Street.
Main Street in Golden Road. OK. Gimme gimme one minute and I'll look up where our closest branch is.
Thank you. Lemme know if you need more details.
OK.
All right, so I am seeing that we have a branch on Main Street. It's about four blocks away from you on Main Street, so it's gonna be four fifty-one Main Street.
OK. Four fifty-one Main Street. is that east or west or whbye bye.
Yes.
I'm looking right here, it's going to be east of you. Or east on Main Street. I'm not I I believe if if you are in the parking lot there's a a grocery store you said by you?
Yeah.
Yep.
OK. I'm looking at Google Maps right now. And the corner of Golden and Main Street, there is a Save On grocery store?
OK.
So Main Street should then if you're looking at the Save On, you should be heading east for about four blocks.
OK.
And.
You should see. And our branch should be on the left hand side, your left hand side.
Do you mind staying on the phone with me until I find it?
Sure. Are you heading into the branch to make a withdrawal or a deposit or?
And is that OK?
I need to deposit a check.
Oh. OK. Do you have our mobile banking app?
I don't think so.
Mm, if you downloaded our mobile banking app to your smart phone you would be able to take a picture of that check and deposit it right there in your car. You wouldn't even have to go to the branch.
Can you?
So that's an alternative.
Can you hold on and lemme see if I can download the app?
Sure.
OK, all right. Go to apps.
You know what. It's not pulling anything. I'm putting Intel Bank and it's just not it's not putting anything.
So it's gonna be Intellibank.
I N T E L L I B A N K.
Oh, Intellibank.
Intellibank.
Mobile banking app.
Got it. Hold on. Intellibank. OK, found it.
You should see this.
Logo with a I in it, a circle with a I in it?
Got it. OK. I'm gonna download it.
Great.
it's a little bit slow.
Of course, because now I'm on the phone and. OK, almost there.
OK, do I have to create a user name and password?
Do you have logins for web banking?
like off of the computer like if I type? Yes, I do.
Yes. Mhm.
So you're gonna need to use those same logins.
Oh, shoot. I don't remember my password.
let's try.
OK. OK. I'm in. Now what do I do?
OK. So if you go into on the bottom there, you see deposits?
Bottom, oh OK.
Along the bottom, if you click deposits it'll say would you like to deposit, and you can say yes, and then it'll ask you what account. So you can choose a checking or savings account.
OK.
All right.
OK, I picked.
OK, so you select that and then, it's gonna bring me to a screen where take a picture of the check. The both the front and back. Be sure that you've endorsed the check.
OK, hold on. I've got gotta get a my my bag. OK. OK, took the front. Says loading.
OK.
All right, now it says take a picture of the back.
OK, take a picture of the back.
OK. Oh, I have to sign it. That's right. OK, sign it. OK. All right. And is that it?
Then is it depositing?
It says successful.
OK, would you like me to verify it on my end?
could you please do that? Yes.
Sure.
Mina, give me your last name?
Bishop.
Bishop? B I S H O P?
Yes.
OK. And your date of birth?
March seventeen nineteen fifty-seven.
OK. All right, and do you happen to have a the your mother's maiden name?
yes.
And it is?
Summer.
Summer? S U M M E R?
Yes.
OK. And that's correct. OK. All right, so I have your accounts in front of me here. Did you deposit that into your checking or savings?
checking.
OK. I'm in your checking and I see that that has been deposited into your account on my end for four thousand three hundred and twenty-one dollars and seventy-five cents?
Correct.
OK, I do see that. It is pending. There is a hundred dollars available immediately. And the balance will be available in the next day.
OK. Well that was easy.
That is easy.
OK. I will still drive around, but won't hold you on the phone and get to know the area a little bit better and locate the the branch.
OK. And then, if you look at the mobile banking app all the way on the bottom to the far to the right side you will see find a branch. You'll see find and in there you can select a branch or an ATM or both and you can find all of our locations.
Oh, that was very helpful. OK.
All right.
All right, well thank you so much Peter.
All right. Thank you very much, Mina. You have a wonderful day.
You too.
All right. Bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Hyacinth. How can I help you today?
Hi. I would like to transfer money from my checking to my son's checking, please.
All right. before I can help with your request, I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
All right, sir. Can I get your first, last name, and date of birth?
my name is Kenny Becker.
Is that K E N N Y?
Yes.
Kenny Becker?
Yes. And my and my date of birth is eleven three one nine seven four.
OK. So that November third, nineteen seventy-four?
Yes, yes. your name your name. you really have a very nice name.
Oh, thank you, Mr. Becker. That's very sweet of you. That is actually my mother's favorite flower.
Oh well, she did good.
Thank you very much. I'll make sure I tell her that.
Oh, thank you.
OK, sir. Could you give me your driver's license number please? Sorry.
My driving license number. let me find it.
All right. Take your time, sir.
OK. All right. It's five one nine six five three four eight six.
All right, sir. That number was five one nine, six five three, four eight six?
Yes.
All right. Thank you very much. And for security purposes, could I have the last four digits of your social?
yes. It's seven four six nine.
Seven four six nine?
Yes.
All right. And lastly, I need you to verify your phone number I have on file here. It is three six zero four three seven zero eight three nine.
Yes, that's correct.
All right, sir. And you said you wanted to make a transfer?
yes. From my checking to my son's checking.
All right. Is that an internal account, sir?
yes.
OK. So, you want from checking to your son's checking account?
Yes.
Could I have the your account, please?
Yes. It's five one four, three three six seven.
Four seven zero hold on. I gave you That's the wrong number.
No Oh. No problem.
Sorry about that.
OK. OK, it's five one four three three six seven zero seven five.
All right. Lemme repeat that back to you. Five one four, three three six, seven zero seven five?
Yes.
All right. The current balance on that account is six thousand eight hundred and ninety-three dollars and forty-three cents.
how much would you like to transfer into your son's account?
Mkay. That was six thousand account?
Yes, sir.
Six thousand and let me transfer a thousand.
OK, you would like to transfer a thousand from this account to your son's account?
Yes, please.
All right. Could you give me the checking account number for your son's account, please?
Yes.
It is five eight six, zero two four, three seven, seven two.
OK. Again, lemme repeat that back to you. Five eight six, zero two four three seven seven two?
Yes.
All right, sir. Give me one moment while I transfer that thousand from your checking to your son's checking account, please.
All right.
All right, sir. I have completed that transaction for you. It should take anywhere from ten minutes to the next two hours for that transfer to complete.
OK.
OK.
I have a confirmation number for you. Would you like that?
yes. And you said how long would the transfer take?
Oh. It should take anywhere from five minutes. The next five minutes to the next two hours.
OK.
And would I be able to make another transfer today?
Yes, sir. If you need to make another transfer today, that transfer won't interfere with that transaction.
OK.
Thank you.
OK, your confirmation number is nine zero five.
All right.
Four four nine six three oh, one five.
All right. Thank you.
Will that be all
for you today sir?
that's it.
Right. Thank you, Mr. Becker, for your time and patience. Again, my name is Hyacinth. Enjoy the rest of your day.
All right.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Connor. How can I help you today?
Hi there. I I need some help. I'm out meeting my son for his birthday and I forgot to get some cash out for him as a present.
Oh, well happy birthday to your son.
Oh, thanks. what I'm looking for, I need to find the nearest ATM.
I can most certainly help you find an ATM. we have a location service to provide that. can you just do me a favor and provide me with your current address.
Yes. I'm on well, hold on. Let me walk to the end of this block so I can see the cross street.
most certainly. I can hold.
OK.
I'm almost there. Thanks for holding. are you excited about Halloween?
Oh yes, ma'am. I'm very much looking forward to it. I also happen to have a son and we are really excited about the holiday we're gonna dress up for the very first time.
Oh that's so lovely. My son just loves Halloween and we always have a big party planned.
Well that sounds exciting. just waiting on that street address.
All right. I'm here now, yep.
I'm at fifty four Chestnut street at the corner of that and Main Street in Key West, Florida.
There's also a grocery store on the corner.
Oh well that's great, thank you for that info. I'm just pulling it up here.
OK, just one more moment.
Now, I do see two Intellibank ATM machines that are within a half a mile, also one that's within a quarter of a mile.
Wait, what's the limit I can take out?
For Intellibank ATMs our daily withdrawal limit is five hundred dollars.
OK, great. And and where did you say those were?
the one closest to you I'm showing is at three two four North Shell Street. Key West, Florida. And the second one I'm showing at fifty two South Egg Avenue. so one will be just north of you and the other a little further to the south.
how how far did you say? Like half a mile? Intellibank?
I'm in kind of a hurry.
not a problem. It's Intellibank. However that grocery store you mentioned corner of Chestnut, yes. that grocery store you mentioned actually does have an ATM in it. Now it's from another bank but listen. Might I suggest that you go there you have to pay a fee. It's only around three dollars. since you're in a hurry.
Oh. That's great. You you saved me so much time, thank you. I'll. I'll just do that.
Oh. Of course.
That's my pleasure. thank you for calling Intellibank. Is there anything else I can help you with today, ma'am?
Well yeah you know what. While I got ya here on the phone and since you saved me so much time, can I go ahead and update my mailing address? I've recently moved.
Oh yeah. I most certainly can. just give me one second I'll need a little info. I'm having to change screens here. OK. let's get started. I just need your first and last name.
OK. It's gonna be Wanda Jones. Date of birth is eleven twenty-three seventy eight. account number three three four five five five four two three five.
Oh. Perfect. Yeah those were my next questions. OK so Ms. Jones, what is that new mailing address?
OK. It's gonna be five four three eight Northwest Ivy Lane. Bismark, North Dakota. Four four three two one.
OK, perfect. Also I just realized before I can update this personal information I also need a security question from you. Really simple. What was the street you grew up on as a child?
Oh. That would be. Oh, man I should have picked something a little bit more easy to remember.
Ruben. That's right. Ruben Street.
Perfect. All right I'm showing that. All right so what I'm gonna do now is I'll update it to let's see five four three eight Northwest Ivy Lane. And I have it down in Bismark, North Dakota. again that area code is four four three two one. Is that correct Ms. Jones?
Yeah but I think you meant ZIP code.
Oh perfect.
Yeah.
That's correct.
All right, great. Hey listen thank you so much for calling.
All right you have a good one.
Bye now.
Good morning, it's a great day at Intellibank. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Good morning, my name is John Meadows.
Good morning Mister Meadows. How can I help you today?
I would like to check the balance in my brand new checking account.
OK, great. I'd be happy to help you with that. Let me ask you a few security questions first. can you spell your last name?
Yes it's John Meadows. M E A D O W S.
Got it, and you said that your first name is John, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, and Mister Meadows, what is your date of birth?
January fifteenth. Nineteen eighty-five.
OK, great and the last four of your social?
I gotta I have to remember the whole number. six three five five.
OK, great. I've got it. do you happen to have your account number handy?
yeah let me let me just just a moment. I have it here in the paperwork.
Sure, take your time.
Here it is. let's see. The checking account number is three seven two eight two nine.
Got it. OK, great. I'm in your account now. one final question. What's your mother's maiden name?
Smith.
Can you spell that please?
Yes. S M I T H.
Great. OK wonderful. I'm in your account now. which balance would you like information on?
if you could please give me a balance of my of the checking account.
Sure, your checking account balance is five hundred sixty-one dollars and twenty-one cents.
Let me just write that down. Say that again please.
Sure, five hundred sixty-one dollars and twenty-nine cents.
Great. while you're at it could you also check my savings account?
Of course! The balance in your savings account is ten thousand two hundred ninety-one dollars and fifty-nine cents.
Alright, just one second. That's great. You know we do you send out monthly hard copy balances? Or is everything online?
Well, you have the choice of telling us whether you want a paper report every month or not. You can access all of your banking information online through our website.
I would I would I'd like to do both. I'd like you to mail me my monthly statements. could could we verify the my address? Let me give it to you.
Mhm.
Sure. I'm ready.
It's seven five three Dogwood It's. I think when I signed up I put I used Dogwood Street but it's really Dogwood Road.
OK thank you. Let me correct that in your file right now. OK great.
And
Phoenix Arizona and the ZIP is the is eight five oh oh three.
Thank you, and would you mind confirming your email as well please?
Yes. can you also email or me my statement?
You'll get an email saying that your statement is ready and then if you want you can log in to your account online and obtain the information that way.
Perfect. Let me give you the email is J D Meadows that's J D M E A D O W S at Gmail dot com.
Got it. Great and Mr. Meadows while I have you on the phone would you like more information about our online banking services?
Absolutely! is there a way for me to sign up for for those services?
Yes, absolutely. In fact, if you're in front of your computer right now we can do it together.
That would be great. Yeah and I. And the the answer's yes, I am in front of my computer right now.
OK.
Wonderful. So you simply go to Intellibank dot com. That's I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
OK, I'm there right now.
Great, and then you'll see the green button that says register your online account.
Perfect, so I assume I click on that and then follow the instructions.
Exactly. It will ask you some of the same questions that you gave me this morning to verify your account. Once you've completed filling out all of the fields, click submit button at the bottom and then within twenty-four hours or so the your account will be live and you simply go back to this webpage and instead of clicking register, click log in with the new login credentials that you created and then you'll be able to see everything in both of your accounts.
Well, that's that sounds terrific and and you've been very helpful. You've given me my balances, you've educated me on how to log in for online, and I'd like to thank you very much for your service here today.
Great. Well thank you so much Mr. Meadows. we appreciate your business and we look forward to helping you again in the future.
Thank you.
Take care.
Buh.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, it's a great day at Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hello, this is Rod Curtaine and I would like some information on my account balance.
Sure, no problem. I'll be happy to handle that for you. can you give me your first and last name please?
It's Rodney and Curtaine C U R T A I N E.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, I was.
I was down at Advance Auto and I had to get an auto part, and it was. It kept declining my card, and I knew I had around three thousand something dollars in there, so I just need to need to see what's going on, make sure everything's OK.
Yes sir, and can I also have your date of birth?
It's four five nineteen eighty-one.
OK, thank you very much.
No problem.
And can I have a credit card number to verify your identity?
Like my debit card?
Yes please.
OK.
It's four five one six eight five nine one two five six four hold on that's the wrong one. Hold on, hold on. No that's the right one. Four five one six eight five nine one two five six four seven one five eight.
OK, thank you very much sir and can you verify your security question? what's the name of your first pet?
Butch. B U T C H.
Thank you very much for that sir. And type of bank account were you looking to check?
It'll be coming out of my checking account.
OK, yes sir. Thank you. And can you provide me with the account number?
of the checking account?
Yes.
Nine oh two two six three two.
Thank you very much for that. and I would like to tell you today that the balance of your account is three thousand one hundred and eighty-seven dollars and seventy-eight cents as of nine twenty-eight twenty-one.
OK thank you, that's what I have in my ledger. Maybe the the thing down there at the Advance Auto wasn't working right. So I knew there was money in there. Their their stuff's probably messed up.
Yes sir well you if you continue to have any kind of issues you know you can call us back anytime and we'll be glad to help.
You guys have been great. One of the best I've ever had.
Thank you so much for that sir. is there any other accounts that you'd like to check?
Well, I don't have a checking but I been I been talking about getting a savings account. So, I'll come in this week and and talk to one of your bankers and and get that set up cuz I I need to do that. I've been wanting to for a long time, so I need to take care of that.
Yes sir and thank you so much for calling today. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I think that's about it.
OK well if you would like to check in your bank account more often and get your total, you can do the online banking. Have you been set up for that?
No, I have not either but I I'll do that and I'll do that when I get when I get when I get to come in this week.
OK, well what you can do is go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and put in all of the information that's needed from you and put a new security code and a new password and that should clear you to check your account balance any time that you need.
OK yeah, I'll get on that. I just been been goofing goofing off. do you all do auto loans by chance?
Yes we do sir. We do offer auto loans.
Cuz my my car's getting old. That's why I'm down at the store all the time getting auto parts coz it's just getting to be a a train wreck and I need to get a new vehicle, so. and I have I'm pretty sure I have good credit and I'm really considering getting an auto loan through you guys. You guys have been real good to me over the years. And you know thanks a lot. Now what just bring all my information in? Like I give you just all my my credit card and my credit check and all that stuff? Or your guys do that?
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes sir, when you're ready to do this just give us a call back and we will set you up with Sheila. She's our auto loan officer. And she will be more than happy to explain all the information about the auto loans and the percentage rates and everything that goes along with that. we'll be here to help you with anything else that you might need.
OK.
And can I verify your address real quick?
Yeah, I almost forgot, it's four twenty-two Foxtrot Lane Charlottesville West Virginia. Two zero one two seven.
OK and your birth date.
it's four five nineteen eighty-one.
Thank you so much for that sir. And I'm so glad that you called in today and did we handle all of your problems and issues correctly and satisfactory?
You all.
You all have always been wonderful and I thank you much. Stay safe out there. Careful about the COVID. Be careful.
Thank you, sir. It. A pleasure helping you.
All right.
Thank you so much.
All right, bye bye.
All right,
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
I have two questions today. One, I need to know where an ATM is near me. And I'm also gonna need to check my account balance today.
OK, I can certainly help you find an ATM close by you. Lemme get some information from you first so we can confirm your account. And then lemme get some location information and then help you find the right ATM.
OK.
OK. So what's your name?
Crystal Humphrey.
OK, Crystal. What is your credit card number?
four four eight five, nine nine five nine four four, two five, nine seven four three.
OK. And what's your date of birth?
Ten twenty-three, nineteen eighty-seven.
All right. And with your bank account number?
hold on just a minute. Let me pull that up. OK. It's two four three, five eight eight, nine zero one six.
All right. And for security purposes, what is the name of your first pet?
Shaggy.
OK. Thank you very much, Crystal. We got you logged in here. I see that your account is in good standing. let get some geographical location, and see if I can point out some ATMs that are close by you. what is the street address that you are located at?
seven one two six, North Tucker Boulevard.
OK. And what city is that in?
Arlington, Texas.
In Texas. OK. That's great.
It's raining over
Here like crazy.
Oh, is it? I heard it was going to get some rain today.
Yeah.
Yeah!
It's coming down like cats and dogs out there.
Oh, man. Do you guys get a lot of rain?
No, no. We've been waiting on it. Got some pumpkins out there that need some watering.
Oh, man. Well, yeah. I hope you drive safely and I hope you don't get wet. And you better just watch out for crazy cars out there on the wet roads.
Yeah.
Oh, thanks. What about you? Are you having weather?
we don't. We don't have any weather at all right now.
Where are you located?
We are located in the capital.
Oh, OK.
Yeah. Right.
Awesome, OK.
Well, you have a good day too.
I appreciate it. Thank you very much. I see that there are several ATMs in your location I'm going to give you some that are close by, and I'll let you know if there's different fees associated with those ATMs.
OK.
So there's one just one block away from you at one two three Main Street it's right there. There's no fees and it's the closest one. if you go two blocks down the road to six seven eight Abernathy Boulevard, you'll find an ATM and it's in the Bank of America building. And there will be a three dollar fee for using the ATM. OK.
OK.
OK. I do like that one though. I like that area over there.
OK. So those are two good ATMs. And for your second question, you said you were looking for your account balance. Is that right?
Mm, yes.
My checking. Mhm.
Checking account balance. OK. Well, as of today, it looks like you have one hundred and forty-four dollars and sixty-seven cents in your checking account.
Excuse me.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, so sorry. .
Oh, I understand. can I help you with anything else? Would you like to know what's in your checking your, excuse me, your savings account?
.
yes. I have a one of my children's I need to check. It should be listed under mine. He's a co-owner of it. Can you check Jeffreys for me?
Yes. He has seventeen dollars and thirty-three cents.
OK. And can I on the the the app. Can I just transfer money from the checking over to savings when I want?
You sure can. You can do that on the app, or you can call in at any time to try to get that money transferred over.
OK. Great.
All right. So I was able to answer your question about the ATMs today. I gave you a good primary and secondary ATM you can go to. And I was able to update you on your checking and savings account balance. And we were able to have a wonderful conversation about the weather as well. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
no. I don't think so. I think that's really good. Actually, can I get that address one more time of the second ATM?
Yes, that's four five seven, Abernathy Boulevard.
OK. And that's the one located in the Bank of America, correct?
That's right. That's in the building, and that will come with a three dollar service fee.
OK. That'll do it. Thank you.
You're welcome. I will hope you have a wonderful day and please take care in that in that rain you're having.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Izumi. Who am I speaking with today?
Hi Izumi. My name is Edward Ellrick. calling in I have a pretty big problem with my card today.
I was out of town last week on a work trip, and I used my card at a bunch of different places when I came home Monday this week, I was balancing my account into my expense reports and I noticed that there was a charge on my card that I'm pretty sure wasn't me.
do you think you could help me look more into it? It's listed from It's it's listed for a different city than I was in and nothing of the charge seems familiar to me.
Oh, OK, yeah. I am so sorry to hear that. I can definitely take a look into your card Let's see. May I get your account number and the last four of your social please?
Sure. the account number is one zero zero two zero one and the last four of my social are fifty two fourteen.
K, perfect. Thank you so much for that. And then can I get your date birth please?
Yeah it's October forth, nineteen ninety.
OK, perfect. And then just give me one moment while I pull up your account.
Yeah, that's not a problem.
OK, thank you.
How's your day going so far?
it's going pretty good. it hasn't been too busy so we've had a lot of breaks here and there.
Oh, that's always good. Are you almost out? Or do you still have a while till your shift ends?
No, it's not too much. I have about two hours left so It's it's really nice. It hasn't been a long day.
Oh, that's good. are you full-time or part-time?
So actually work part-time. I used to work full time about a year ago but I switched over and it's actually been really nice.
Yeah, I bet.
Yeah. I have school coming up so it works better with my schedule.
All right Mr. Ellrick. So I have your account pulled up and I do have to ask you your security question. and then that security question is what is the first name of your youngest sibling?
Yeah, it's Alfonz.
Perfect. Thank you so much. Yep that's what we have on your account. and then may I also get the full card number of that card that was used?
Yeah I think it was my travel card.
Oh yeah. So that's actually your travelers card that's connected to your account.
Oh yeah. give me one second. Let me get that card number for ya.
Of course, take your time.
right here. K, you ready for the number?
yes.
K. So it's fifty five sixty five one two three four, thirty three sixty three forty seven eighty nine.
OK perfect. and then let me just verify that number with ya just to make sure I have it correct. So I have fifty five sixty five twelve thirty four, thirty three sixty three forty seven eighty nine?
Yeah, that's correct.
OK. Perfect. Thank you so much. OK. Let me just pull up your transaction list. Just one moment.
Oh, OK.
K.
K. So I have the transaction since last Monday. what was the date that you saw for the other transaction that was suspicious and what was the amount?
I think it was a place called Games for You It was somewhere out of Scottsdale, Arizona for like seventy five I believe.
I wasn't anywhere in Scottsdale. I was in Anaheim, California. So I don't remember purchasing anything for seventy five. I think it was Tuesday the eleventh.
OK. Let's take a look here. OK yeah. Here it is. is there anyone else that has access to your account or the card?
No. It's just me on the account. I haven't given my number to anybody else at home.
OK. All right. Let me take a look into the transaction information.
All right.
K let's see here. OK. So it does look like it was an online transaction for a game store. Do you remember using your card for an online purchase?
no. I don't usually shop online and if I do it's a different card that I use. It's not this one.
OK. and then were you able to get in contact with the company to get any additional information from them?
Yeah, I already tried that. I tried calling the number on the transaction.
Doesn't go anywhere though. It just makes a weird tone noise and then it just hangs up after.
OK. That makes sense. But with the information that you've given me it does seem like your card may have been compromised and we will need to cancel that card and send you a new one.
we'll also be gonna fraud dispute on that transaction for you. were there any other transactions that you saw on your account that seem unfamiliar besides this one?
No. All the others ones I have receipts for. It was just that one that just seemed off to me.
OK. Perfect. All right. Give me just one moment while I get that canceled for you. And then that is the card ending in forty-seven eighty-nine.
OK. do you know how long it would roughly take for my card to be completely canceled?
And does that mean I won't be able to use it again after today?
And how long will it take to get a new card sent over to me?
OK so I can change that card to canceled status immediately so that basically means that you will no be able to use this card on the account. And then typically the new cards do arrive within about seven to ten business days.
Oh OK. So if someone tries to use it again, it it's not gonna work right?
Yeah, that's correct. So once we have canceled it on the system it automatically updates it so let's get that processed now.
great. Thank you.
Yeah, of course.
OK, perfect. So that's all set. And then I have sent out a request for that new card to be mailed out to you. I do wanna just verify that we have your address correctly on file.
Yeah. It's twelve twenty South Street in Anaheim, California. And the ZIP code is nine two eight zero four.
OK perfect. And then just to verify so I have one two two zero, South Street Anaheim California. Nine two eight zero four?
Yes, that is right.
Perfect. Thank you so much for that. K So that's been requested for the new card to be sent out to that address. And then like I said it's about seven to ten business days for it to arrive. once you do get that new card, there is a sticker on the front with a phone number you just have to call that number to get that new card activated. was there anything else for today Mr. Ellrick?
no that was everything.
OK. Perfect. Well thank you so much for calling, have a great day.
You as well.
Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Priscilla. How may I help you today?
Hello, I just moved and I thought there was a branch nearby but it's a different bank. Trying to locate an Intellibank close to my new home.
OK ma'am were you looking for an Intellibank or an Intellibank ?
An Intellibank. I'm sorry I made a mistake.
Oh that's no problem whatsoever and I would be glad to look that up for you. May I have the street address?
I just moved in yesterday. Could you hang on for a second while I double-check my new address?
That's no problem whatsoever. Just let me know whenever you're back with that information.
I'm back. Sorry about that. It's eight one nine River Street.
OK, I have eight one nine River Street. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK, and what city would that be?
Athens.
Alright, Athens. And what state?
Georgia.
OK, just one moment please while I bring up that information for you.
Did you watch the football game yesterday? It was a great game.
Yes ma'am it sure was and I love football to be honest with you. I was actually kind of afraid that we were going to lose but you know you know the other team's a pretty good team, but we're better so we proved it yesterday.
And I do have that information pulled up for you now. And I have a list of our closest branches. Now the first one is at one five six Deer Run Drive in Athens. And the second would be at seven three six Temple Boulevard also in Athens. Now unfortunately those are the only two branches that are within thirty miles of your location but both do have our new extended hours and are open Monday through Saturday nine a.m. until nine p.m.
Those are pretty far away. Is there any other way to make deposits?
Absolutely. you can easily do either cash or check deposits at any of our ATMs. And actually I do see an ATM approximately two miles away from your location. And that would be at two six six Kenwood Place. And also if you are depositing a check you can do that with our online banking. All you have to do is take a picture of the check. Either that or just type in the routing information and the account information as well as the amount and that can it will deposit it straight for you.
That sounds great. I can do everything else online right? How do I set up an account for online banking?
OK, yes ma'am. You can do basically everything except or make cash deposits online. You can check your balances, you can review transactions, order checks. We have bill pay. You can do wire transfers and I mean there's a whole slew of things you can do with online banking. And I would actually be glad to go ahead and set that up for you now. If you don't want to do it right now it can easily be done at your convenience on our website.
Think I'll do it online tonight. What is at the web access address?
OK. The web address will be WWW dot Intellibank dot com. Again, that's WWW dot I N T E L L I B A N K dot com . And all you will need is your account number and of course your personal information like your name, address, and Social Security number. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you for you help. You've been very helpful.
Well thank you so very much. And again my name is Priscilla. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Good afternoon. It's a great day at Intellibank. How can I help you?
Yes. I'm a new customer and I'd like to get the balance of my checking account. And I'd also like to open up a new savings account.
OK, great. so let's let me get some basic information from you and we'll get your new account opened. May I have your first and last name, please?
Yes. my name is John Meadows. M E A D O W S.
great. And what is your date of birth, please?
January fifteenth nineteen seventy-five.
OK. And can I have your social security number, please?
you mean the last four?
You can give me the last four. That's fine.
Yes. let's see now. I've gotta put that in my head. I gotta do the whole six three five five.
got it. And what's the address we have on your account?
seven five three Dogwood Street, Phoenix, Arizona eight five oh oh three. And then that's the address I gave you, but I'd like to correct it if I may. And it's not Dogwood Street. It's Dogwood Road.
OK. Great.
OK. Great. Thank you for that. We'll get that changed here. And just a couple other questions. what's the name of your first pet?
Cleo. C L E O.
Great. Thank you Mister Meadows. How are you doing today?
Good. The I'm opening up the savings account because I plan to go to Ireland this coming spring.
Wow.
And my beautiful daughter actually did the paperwork and I am now a citizen of Ireland. I have dual citizenship. Both here in the United States and in Ireland. So I'm really looking forward to saving money in my new savings account and going to Ireland to meet my people.
Wonderful. Congratulations. That sounds very exciting. So let's see here. Great. So we'll get your savings account opened. Let me just tell you though that the savings account has a maximum number of monthly withdrawals of four. And if you were to withdraw more than four times per month, you will be charged a ten-dollar fee for each additional withdrawal.
Yeah. I don't expect to do much withdrawal from it. Again, I'm I'm really going to use it to save up and then take out take out enough money for the trip in one the do you follow baseball? Are you a baseball fan?
not so much. My dad is, but I'm not really.
The cuz this is the last week. Of Major League Baseball and the Dodgers are playing the Arizona Diamond Backs and they are real they. It's a tight race with the Giants. So I'm I'm really following the game. I'll be watching the game tomorrow.
You and many other people I'm sure. Including my dad. Yeah. I'm I'm a little bit of a Marlins fan because I used to live in Miami, but I don't really watch sports.
Yeah.
So what's next? What what are you? Do you send me information about the about the new savings account?
Well lemme ask you, are you using our online banking right now?
no.
OK. Well, lemme take a minute to show that to you if that's something that you're interested in.
Absolutely.
Oh, OK. Great. So if you go to our website which is Intellibank dot com.
OK. I'm. Lemme. I'm going tbye bye. I'll go there right now. I I got. I'm I on. I'm at my computer.
OK.
Oh, great. So it's I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
OK. I'm there.
OK. Great. Then you'll see a green button in the top right that says register.
I see it.
So you click that and it will ask you basic information about your account. and once you've completed that form, you click submit at the bottom. and within twenty-four hours you should have access to all of your online accounts. So for example, tomorrow you will log in with the user name and password that you set up in that form. And then you will see your savings account and your other accounts there as well.
That sounds great. The I lemme just verify one thing. I just wanted to make sure on the address.
mhm.
it I I mixed street and road and it. The the accurate is Dogwood Road.
Yes. Thank you. OK. We've. We have corrected that. so how would you like to make your first deposit into the savings account? which account would you like to use?
OK.
Could I transfer money from my checking account to my savings account?
Yes, but since you have several checking accounts can you confirm for me the account number that you'd like to use?
Yes. three seven two eight two nine. In my checking.
Great and how much would you like to move over?
Could I could I move a hundred dollars over?
Yeah, sure. We'll move a hundred dollars right now. OK. Great. We're all set. Is there anything else that you need help with?
Would you and then will you email me this transaction? How. How will I get the update? Do I?
Yes.
Yes. You will definitely get an email confirmation. Is there anything else that you need?
could I just verify the the current balance in my checking account before moving over the hundred dollars? Or after. It doesn't. You know. Just so I'd like to get the current balance of the checking account before you move the hundred dollars.
Sure. OK. that movement is just in process, so let me confirm it with you do you mind giving me that account number again?
Yes, ma'am. three seven two eight two nine.
OK. Great. So the amount of the balance of that checking account is two thousand nine hundred and fifty-one dollars and sixty-three cents.
That's perfect. And then the hundred dollars will come off of that?
Exactly.
All righty. I think we've done just about everything we wanted to do. I really appreciate you're service here this afternoon.
Wonderful. Do you have any other accounts that you'd like help with?
No. I'm going to log in for the new account and get that all setup and go go Arizona.
OK. Great. And if there's anything else that you need, my email will be in the confirmation that you get.
Thank you very, very much. I really appreciate it.
Thank you so much for your service.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, I'd like to my account balance.
OK what's the number on that account.
let me check real quick. OK it should be five three eight one two six.
OK great. and your date of birth?
My date of birth is oh nine oh two nineteen ninety-three.
OK. And your last name, please.
Samson.
OK, and what is your mother's maiden name?
Johnson.
Great. Yeah, thank you so much. we have to go through a lot of security checks just to make sure you're not getting personal information.
Gotcha.
All right so are you we're looking at your checking account today? That balance?
Yes checking account.
OK so it looks like your balance is one thousand twenty-seven and seventy cents. is there anything else I can help you with today?
can I also check my savings?
Yeah so your savings is at three thousand forty-seven and ninety-nine cents.
Great. OK thank you.
Yeah, thank you. Have a great day.
You too.
Good morning, it's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy, who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hello Cindy, my name is John Meadows. And I like to find out where the closest ATM is to my home. And I also like to open up a new savings account.
Oh OK. Do you currently have an account with us?
Yes.
OK, great. So, let me get some information first to find you in our system. Can you spell your last name, please?
Yes, it's Meadows M E A D O W S John Meadows and my phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two.
Thank you, Mr. Meadows. What's your date of birth, please?
January fifteenth nineteen sixty-five.
Great and how about the last four of your social?
OK. This is always tricky for me I've got to figure out, I got to. I know the whole social. So, I got to bring out the last four. it's six three five five.
OK, great and one more, can I please have your driver's license number?
Yes, Arizona AZ one two six. Eight two nine eight.
OK.
Did I say Not. Let me give you that one more time I'm sorry, I'm. I'm reading it. It's A Z one two six eight two nine eight, OK.
Yeah.
OK, great got it. So, you said you wanted to open a savings account, Is that correct?
Yes, I have. I already have a checking account I'd like to open a savings account.
OK, and how would you fund your new savings account?
I like to transfer money from my checking account to savings. My new savings. My new savings account.
OK, and how much would you like to transfer today?
Can I open it with a hundred dollars?
Sure no problem. So, you want to take the hundred dollars out of your checking?
Right.
OK. Do you happen to have your checking number with you?
I sure do. three seven two eight two nine.
Thank you, Mr. Meadows. OK, now we have to pick a security question for you. how about, would you like to use your mother's maiden name?
yeah, that would work.
OK, and what is that?
Rosen R O S E N.
Got it, OK. One moment please while I set this up.
The You follow baseball?
No no, I don't.
Yeah, reason I ask is that, you know, it's the last six games of the season and we're playing the Giants, my favorite teams are playing Arizona Diamondbacks tonight. So, I'll be tuned in the to the game.
well, I hope they win for you.
that's a lot of fun.
OK great your savings account is all set up now. I've transferred hundred dollars from you checking account to your savings account and there was another question you had?
The what could you just verify now? Can you give me the new balance on the checking account?
Sure, so your checking account balance is now four thousand five hundred and sixty-two dollars and twelve cents.
OK. Now the I'm trying to find the closest ATM
OK. From your house?
Yes.
OK. Well, I see your address here. Are you still at the house on Dogwood?
seven five three Dogwood Road and I I may have used street in the past. I get it confused but it's Dogwood Road Phoenix Arizona. Eight five oh oh three is my correct address.
Oh.
OK, give me one moment, let me look this up for you. OK, it looks like the closest ATM is at your local drug store. Located at Ten Forty Bay Road. Eight five zero zero three is the ZIP. and it closes at ten p.m.. You can make withdraws and deposits inside. There's an ATM just inside the drug store.
let me just jot that down. So, it's Ten Forty Bay Road.
Yeah.
OK. And that's all right Now what happens after ten o'clock. Is there any? If I need to get some cash after after that after the drug store closes.
Sure, let me just look up another one OK, great. It looks like there's another ATM that's open twenty four seven just a mile down the road also on Bay. It's Eleven Fifty Bay at Chestnut street.
OK. Yeah, I know where Chestnut is. Eleven Fifty Bay OK. and that one is open twenty-four seven?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes. Now please keep in mind that the maximum amount you can withdraw Everyday is five hundred dollars.
OK.
And as long as you're using your Intellibank debit card to withdraw the money. There's no fee.
Great. OK, so you've giving me the two closest ATMs which is great and we're opening the new savings account, I assume you'll be sending me information on that.
Yes, you'll get an email confirming everything we did today.
Super and good I look forward to continuing to do business with you.
Great thanks is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, you've answered all my questions.
OK, great Mr. Meadows. Again my name is Cindy. Thank you so much and have a great day.
Thanks, Cindy. Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. I'm here to help you. My name is Robert. How may I help you today?
Hi Robert. My name is Jessica Brown. I would like to make a wire transfer.
All right, that's something I can definitely help you with. for one one more time could you repeat your full name for me?
Yeah, it's Jessica Brown and my birthdate is the July the thirteenth, nineteen ninety-four.
Oh, perfect. Thank you so much. Let me go ahead and put that in here. And can you also give me your account number or if you don't have that available, could you give me a, your credit card number?
Yeah, I have my account number with me here, it's three three one two four seven one one.
Perfect, let me go ahead and pull that up for you right now. All right, I seeing that you set up a security question and I'm going to need your answer. what was the name of your favorite high school teacher?
Yeah, the name was Mrs. Smith I think.
Oh, that is correct.
OK, perfect. I'm seeing here inside of your account you have an available balance of seven hundred and twenty-three dollars and forty-five cents. How much would you like to send in the wire transfer?
I would like to send one hundred and fifty dollars.
Perfect. And is that from the same account that you just mentioned to me?
Yeah, the same one.
OK, fantastic. Now this wire transfer, is it going to be a domestic or international transfer?
No, it's a domestic transfer, just for my son.
OK, fantastic. Could you go ahead and give me the routing number for the, for your son that you'd like to send it to and also the account number?
Yeah, the routing number is two three four six four six five four eight. And the account number is nine four three five five zero two five.
Perfect, thank you so much, Mrs. Brown. I'm going ahead and processing this wire transfer for you as we speak. Is there anything else that I can help you with while I'm while I'm here?
Yeah, you can can you tell me which is the balance of my savings account?
of your savings account it looks like you also have a savings account with us and the balance of that is three hundred and seventy-five dollars and seventy-two cents.
Yeah, that sounds right. OK, thank you.
I'm glad to help and I'm seeing here that the wire transfer was approved and it should be going through very soon now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's everything. I will just check everything later and if there's any problem I will call again.
All righty. now, I could also suggest that you use our online banking service, in which you will be able to transfer funds more conveniently in the future, if you would prefer.
OK, you can, can you tell me the name?
Yes, if you go onto our website, WWW dot Intellibank dot com you will be able to sign up for our account there and you can also download our app on Android or iPhone, which is under the name Intellibank. And you'll be able to sign in and directly from there from your phone or computer, you'll be able to make wire transfers and do several other operations that could be useful.
Wow, that sounds very, very helpful. Thank you.
Thank you, Mrs. Brown. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything.
Fantastic. Well, have a great day and once again need anything else you can give us back a call at here at Intellibank.
OK, great. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Hello, this is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yes, sir. I wanna update my phone number and I wanna also make sure that I have the correct address on my account. Will that be OK?
Oh, absolutely that's OK. I would definitely love to help you with setting with getting everything situated. OK, I'm gonna ask you for some personal information. Can I get your first and last name?
Roshonda Jackson.
OK, can you spell Roshonda for me, Ma'am?
R O S H O N D A and Jackson will be spelled J A C K S O N.
Thank you so much, Ma'am. Can I get your date of birth?
Yes, sir. My date of birth is June thirtieth, two thousand and one.
Thank you again. Can I get your state-issued ID number or the last four digits of your social?
Yes, I'm gonna get my ID right here.
OK, no problem.
OK, I have as Z four C six four four S one five G seven R.
And that was Z four Z six four four S one five six seven seven R?
no, no, sir. I will say it again. Z four C six four four S one five G seven R.
OK, and that was Z four C six four four S one five G seven R.
Yes, sir. That's correct.
OK, thank you so much, ma'am. And can I get the number of the account?
My account number five five six one eight zero nine five eight two.
And those last four digits digits were five, nine five eight two?
Yes, sir.
OK, and can I get the OK, and what type of personal information are you looking to update again?
I wanna update my phone number because I got a new phone. I just, yeah, I got a new phone. I need to update this one.
OK. It's no problem, no problem at all. Can you give me the phone number, ma'am?
Yes, sir. My phone number is eight oh three five two zero zero eight nine five.
OK, I couldn't hear you almost on my end. Do you mind repeating that?
Yes, sir. It would be eight oh three five two zero zero eight nine five.
OK, and that is eight oh three five two zero zero eight nine five?
Yes, sir.
OK, thank you so much, ma'am. OK, I'm gonna go save everything. Just give me a couple of seconds just to make sure everything goes through the system.
Yes, sir. And after this again I wanna make sure I got the correct street address.
Yes, ma'am, yes ma'am.
OK, everything has went through. and now you said about you wanted to make sure that you had the had the same street address or did you want the street address updated?
No, I just want to make sure I have like, can you tell me my street address that's on my account?
Yes, yes, ma'am. Give me, give me, give me a second so I can pull it up.
OK, the street address that we have for you on file will be three, it's three eight six Taylor Street. Union Columbia Union South Carolina?
No, sir. It it's two eight six Taylor Street, but it's just Union, South Carolina, not Columbia.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am. And what, is is your ZIP code two nine zero zero one?
Yes, sir.
OK, so let me update that. So that is again five eight six Taylor Street Union, South Carolina?
Yes, sir.
Two nine zero zero one?
Yes, sir.
OK, I wanna update that. I wanna save that to the system.
OK, everything has been saved and it and it's, it is through. So is anything else that I I can help you with today, ma'am?
No, sir. That'll be all.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am, for calling us here at Intellibank. We thank you for your time and we greatly appreciate it. There'll be a survey at the end of this phone call asking you for your experience Please take it. And have a good day.
You too. I will make sure to complete that survey. Bye.
OK.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Melanie. How can I help you today?
Yeah, I got an alert on my account.
OK. I'd be happy to help you. Help you with that today and take a look. I just need to get some personal, verifiable information from you Can I please get your first and last name?
Yeah. It's John Smith.
Date of birth?
Twelve eighteen of eighty-seven.
Address?
Fifty-six fifty-six Wood Street.
The last four of your social security number?
Oh thirteen thirty.
OK. And then looks like you have a security question here on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Pink.
I'm sorry that is the incorrect answer.
Oh It is magenta?
Sorry, that's also wrong.
Oh, I never know these things.
I'll tell you what. We can also bypass that if you can just provide me with your account number.
Yeah, sure. Let me pull that information up. One second. Fifty-three seventy-nine one oh eight.
OK. Perfect. And how can I help you today about your notification?
Oh yeah. It. It says up here that I spent six hundred and eighty-eight dollars at Dave's Jewelry Now, I. I don't even know who Dave is and or his jewelry, and I did not spend this money.
OK. Just give me one moment here to pull your checking account and let's see what's going on.
I do see the transaction for that amount. It looks like this occurred on June first, is that correct?
yeah. According to my account, yes.
I wasn't even in the country at the time.
OK. I can offer you a solution as to how to dispute the charge if you would like.
yeah that'd be great.
OK. We do have a form for you to fill out with all your information and what's going on here with your account. You'll need to sign and then return it to the bank and then that'll go to the fraudulent department. They'll investigate. They'll look into it, see what's going on. And then you'll hear back from them in about seven to ten business days. As to whether the charge is in fact fraudulent or if it is not.
Well that's a relief.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
yeah. Can you give me the address of the nearest branch?
Sure. based on your address you provided?
Yes.
Certainly. Just give me one moment here to look that up.
OK. It looks like the closest location to the address provided is going to be twenty-six oh eight Humbult Avenue.
OK. Yeah, I know where that is.
Perfect. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, you've been really great. Thank you.
OK. Thank you. You have a great day now. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cristina. How can I help you today?
hi. I would like to make a withdraw from my savings account and I need to put money in my Christmas account.
OK, sir you want to withdraw cash from your savings and then make a deposit into your other account?
yes. I would like to do it like that.
OK, if they're at the same they're at the same bank you can just do a internal transfer.
Yes.
OK. So you just want to do an internal transfer?
Yes.
All right, sir.
Before I complete you request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
Can I get your first and last name please.
My first name is Cordell. Last name Davis.
All right. Cordell Davis. Is Is that C O R D E L L?
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
And what is your date of birth, please?
My date of birth is six four nineteen seventy-four.
All Right, six four nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
All right.
I need to get an authenticating ID from you. Could you give me your driver's license or credit card number, please?
OK.
My driving license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes.
OK, sir. And for verification and security purposes, could I have the last four digits of your social security number, please?
Yes.
Nine three zero seven.
Nine three zero seven.
Yes.
All right, sir. So you're gonna make an internal transfer.
what account type are you transferring from?
savings.
OK. And could I have that account number, please?
OK, my account number is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
All right. And that number was five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero?
Yes.
OK, sir. You currently have a balance of four thousand nine hundred and fifty on that account. What was the amount you wanted to transfer?
I would like to transfer two thousand nine hundred and fifty, please.
OK, two thousand nine hundred and fifty.
Yes.
And you said you wanna transfer that to a different savings account?
Yes, to my Christmas savings account.
All right.
Could I get the account number for that account, please.
Yes. It's five eight six zero nine five one four four one.
All right. Again, that number is five eight six zero nine five one four four one.
Correct.
All right, sir. Could you give me just one moment while I handle this transfer for you?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, sir that transfer has been complete. Anywhere from the next five minutes to an hour for that transfer to be in the other account.
OK.
I also have a confirmation number for you. So you. If you have any questions about this transaction you can just give us a callback and use this confirmation number.
OK, let me find something.
All right.
All right. I I'm ready.
OK, sir. That confirmation number is five one nine.
Five one nine.
Eight eight nine.
Eight eight nine.
One one.
One one.
Zero zero.
Zero zero.
Yes, sir.
All right. And you say it would take how long will it take?
it could take anywhere from the next five minutes to the next hour before this transfer is complete.
You can check your account online or on the phone to make sure that this transfer is processed already and you'll be able to check the balance.
OK, sounds great.
All right, sir.
will that be all for you today?
yes. I believe so.
Thank you very much Mr. Davis, for your time and patience. Again my name is Cristina. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. You too.
All right. Bye bye.
All right. Bye bye.
Good afternoon, Intellibank. How may I help you today?
I have an account that I'm not sure what to do with. I think I wanna cancel it.
Oh, what would be the reason why you'd like to cancel it?
Well, I'm just not sure that it's earning. It's not earning very much money, interest. And it's a savings account, and it's not earning much interest, and I'm just not sure if it's worth having.
Well let me go ahead and pull your information up. what is your name?
Gene Lee.
OK, and the date of birth?
February fifteen, nineteen fifty-six.
And your social security number?
The whole number, or just the last four?
The full number.
One two two seven eight one four eight one.
And the savings account you would like to close out?
it's called seven one three eight seven three zero, one one two three.
OK, we have different options there. You could put it in an IRA account. That would give you more interest. And there's also the Roth IRA account. That would give you more interest. And you could also offer open a CD account, and depending on how many years you have it, it depends on how much interest you would get.
Mhm. Well. I'm not sure what to do with it. I guess maybe I'll just put it in my regular checking account for now.
OK. Could I have the routing number for that please?
Six six eight one zero two seven three.
All right. We will go ahead and do that. And if I could have the account number again, that you would like to cancel.
The one I want to cancel, or where I want it to go?
I want to re-look and see which one you'd like to cancel, and then we will then I'll also need the one you want it to go to.
OK. Seven one three eight, seven one three zero one one two three is the savings account I want to canbye bye. And can you tell me how much is in that account?
Let me look. There is five hundred and fifty dollars in that account.
OK, I thought that was about what it was.
And then, the account that you would like to transfer it to?
This is the checking account.
OK.
Seven one three eight, two two one, eight one zero nine.
All right. Is there anything else that I could do for you today?
I'm not sure. I guess that's what I wanna do.
Well, to finish this up, I'm gonna need to ask some more security questions.
OK.
What is the amount of the last deposit you made in that account?
I think it was like seventy-five dollars.
yes, that. That is correct.
And.
I guess that cleared now, right? That check must've cleared.
Yes, that check is. Is cleared. Unless you. Did you make any other deposits within the last week or so?
No.
OK, that's. That's good. And Could I have your drivers license number, please?
L four two two seven eight nine, six four one zero.
All right, that is good. And the address?
Twenty-three Forest Road, Frederick, Maryland, two one seven oh one.
And the phone number?
I just got a new phone number. I have to remember what it was. Oh, here it is. Seven one zero, two one three, eight eight eight six.
OK, great. It will take a couple days for the account to close. And your new one to open. And you will be getting a letter in the mail from us stating that that account is closed.
OK, I appreciate that.
All right, I hope you have a good day.
You, too.
All right. Mm, bye.
Mm, bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have a question, please. I actually need to make an internal transfer from my account to my mom's account.
OK, I can certainly help you with that. just have to get a little bit of information from you first. and let's see here. So I heard you say your name was Kim. Can you give me your last name and your date of birth, please?
sure. Well, my last name is Johns, that's J O H N S and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven .
Awesome. Thank you so much . And can I get an updated phone number from you?
Sure. My phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five and my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Oh awesome. Thank you so much. And the account number that you are transferring from?
yes. Let me see here, bear with me for one moment.
Sure. Take your time.
OK. My account number is now this is my checking account my account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK.
Awesome. Thank you so much. And you did say that you are transferring to your mother's account and she is with our bank as well?
Yes.
OK. Fantastic. And, what is your mother's first and last name?
her her first name is Cindy, last name is Murphy.
OK. Thank you so much. And, the account number for Ms. Murphy?
And her account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
Thank you so much and what is the dollar amount that you would like to transfer?
I would like to transfer five hundred dollars from my account to her account.
OK. Five hundred even and no change?
no change, yes.
OK bear with me just a moment.
Hold on for one moment here. I just wanna make sure I just wanna make sure I gave you my account number correct before we go through with it. can I just can I read you my my account number again? I just wanna make sure it's correct.
Sure.
Yes. Go ahead.
OK. it's one one two one zero zero.
huh.
Zero five nine four. I think I had given you a five initially and it's actually zero five nine four.
Right. And, I do see that. yes, that is the correct for your checking account. And that is the account you wanted to use to withdraw from, not the savings.
Yes.
Right exactly from checking.
Yes. I I see the I had both of them up I had savings and the Thank you for correcting that. I appreciate it. All right and bear with me just one moment while I put this information in and get this wire transferred the transaction taken care of for you.
Oh OK.
Sure.
OK. I just wanted to confirm that I have the correct details so we are transferring five hundred dollars and no change into Cindy Murphy's account and it's going into her checking account as well.
Yes. That's correct.
OK.
Alright. So now your mother's account balance is five hundred dollars even and that would make your account balance six thousand four hundred and twelve dollars even no change. And, this transaction should take place in about five minutes. Takes about five minutes to go through. And, just bear with me one second. I just wanna make sure that everything went through and I'm sending you confirmation of that. It it did go through. It went faster than I thought it would. sending you confirmation of that transaction to your email that we have on file And if you could just check your email for me in like thirty seconds to make sure that it did go through.
Sure.
OK, great.
Sure. Let me refresh here.
Sure.
OK. Yeah, I see the I see the receipt in my email.
Awesome. Fantastic. OK and was there anything else that I could help you with today Ms. Johns?
No. That's everything. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help.
You are very welcome. And, we really appreciate your loyalty here at Intellibank . And, you call us anytime you need us and thank you for your information. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you, you too.
Hello. My name is Paul from Intellibank. How may I help you, ma'am?
Hello.
Hello. Are you there? My name is Sarah.
Hello. I'm a customer to your bank. My name is Sarah. I want to report about my stolen card.
You want to report about your stolen card?
Yes. That's it.
OK. May I name your name, ma? Your full name, ma?
OK. My name is Terry J. Sarah.
Terry Jane Sarah?
Yeah. Terry J. Sarah.
May I know your date of birth, ma?
Oh. My date of birth. You mean my date of birth?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, ma.
OK. Twenty-first of July nineteen eighty-six.
Twenty-first of July?
Yeah. Nineteen eighty-six.
Nineteen eighty-six.
Yeah.
OK. Thank you, ma. Just give me a seconds, ma.
All right. No problem. I'll be waiting.
Give me some couple of lemme check your file on my computer.
All right. No problem.
Hello back, ma'am.
Yeah. I'm here.
Can you please tell me exactly when you lost the phone? The ATM card?
You mean my ATM card that I just lost?
Yes.
Yeah. Three days ago. I lost it three days ago.
Three days ago?
Yeah.
Three days ago.
Hello, ma'am.
Yeah. I'm here.
Are you with me?
Yeah. I'm fully with you. I'm with you.
Can you please let me know.
can you provide me your social security number?
Oh, you mean my social security number? All right.
Three seven three.
Lemme jot it down.
Three seven three.
Yup. Three six.
Three six.
Yeah. Three six. Can I continue?
Yes, ma. You can continue, ma.
Nine eight.
Nine eight.
Yeah with zero zero.
Double zero, right?
Yeah double zero. Thank you.
OK. Please, ma. Can you tell me your address, ma?
Oh, you mean my address?
Yes.
Three eight one nine.
Three eight.
One nine.
One nine.
Yup.
Bus Lights Avenue.
Bet let Avenue. OK.
Yes.
Once again, Bus Lights Avenue.
OK.
OK. OK. Good, ma. Can you please describe exactly the location where are your card was stolen?
Don't it.
Oh, you mean where my card was stolen?
Yes.
Ha. See, I don't seem to have an idea.
Because I don't go to my. I didn't see the ATM card in my in my purse. I don't seem to have an an idea where the ATM card lost.
OK. Can you can you please provide me your phone number?
Can you help me?
Oh, my phone number.
Yes, ma.
All right. Two four eight.
Two four eight.
Four.
Yeah. Yeah.
Two four eight.
Yeah.
Go on, ma'am.
Four eight three.
Four eight three.
Four eight five. Are you there? It's four eight five.
OK. OK. You know . You know what, madam?
OK.
Try to come again, ma.
OK. Two four eight.
Two four eight.
Yeah.
OK.
Four eight five.
Four eight five.
Yeah.
Go on, ma'am.
Three eight.
Three eight.
Yeah.
Seven three.
Seven three.
Do you get it?
Let me call it for you. Two four eight.
Yeah.
Four eight five.
Yes.
Three eight seven three.
Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. You got it.
Three eight seven three.
Yes. Thank you.
Emma, let me try to advise you what we can do.
We, first of course, need to block the card.
Let me block it for your right now. I want to block the card for you right away.
OK. I'll be I'll be waiting.
So that there won't be any transaction on the card anymore.
OK.
All right, ma. I've blocked the card, ma.
Do you want to get another card? A new card.
Of course, yes. Once you block that one, I want to get a new card that I'll be able to withdraw. I need a new card.
Ma, let me just advise you. If you want a new card, you have to just give us a week.
So we can get back to you to get you a new card. It will It could take us a week.
OK. You mean a week.
Yes.
That is done in seven working days.
Yes, seven working days and madam, you need to try to provide us the address. you want us to send the new ATM to.
The new card. The address you want us to send the new card.
OK. You mean the address do you send the new card for me once you block that one.
Yes.
OK. Let me call it for you. Can I call it for you?
I'm with you, ma.
OK.
Three eight.
Three eight.
One nine.
One nine.
Buzz Lights Avenue.
Bet Let Avenue?
Yes. The same address that I gave you the last time.
OK.
That's Olio. From Olio Estates, ma'am?
Yes. You got it. Exactly.
Ma, can you please provide us your. What type of card do you want for the new one?
You mean the new card that I you want to get for me?
Yes.
OK.
I want Visa card.
Visa card? OK. OK. OK. OK. No problem. What of. What about that one that you that was stolen?
Yes.
The one that was stolen is also Visa card.
Can you give us the credit card number?
You mean the credit card's number that the one the one that was stolen?
Yes.
OK. That is not a problem.
Are you there?
Yeah. I'm with you, ma.
Four five.
Four five.
Three two.
Three two.
Six two.
Six two.
One zero.
One zero.
Nine two.
Nine two.
Zero three.
Zero three.
Three three.
Three three.
One seven.
One seven. Lemme call it for you, ma'am. Four five three two six two one zero nine two zero three double three one seven.
Can you call your CCV first?
OK. My CCV.
Yeah.
OK. Of the ATM card, of the card I was pulling?
OK. No problem.
Are you there?
I'm with you, madam.
Five four.
Five four.
Three.
Three.
Yeah
The stolen card will expired on where when?
The stolen card will expired on ten twenty twenty-three.
Ten twenty twenty-three.
Yeah. You got it. Ten twenty twenty-three. Yes.
Ten twenty twenty-three.
OK.
Ma, can I advise you? You have to wait patiently.
You have to wait patiently for the new card to be sent to your email address. Do you understand? I've already confirmed the address of the ATM card your address so it will be sent to you in the next in the next seven working days.
Do you want the do you want the new card? Do you want us to activate the new card?
No I will activate it myself. You teach me how to activate it once the card is ready.
Thank you very much. Do you still have anything else apart from the reporting of the stolen card?
Not really. Once the the the only problem that I have now is the stolen about the stolen card I want to tell you about. I think that's all for now.
That I will be expecting your feedback in a week time.
We'll get back to you, ma. Thank you very much, ma.
Thank you for banking with us.
That was not a problem. Thank you so much.
Once again, my name is Paul from Intellibank.
You are welcome. My name is Sarah.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
All right.
good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Rory. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Hi there, Rory. I'd like to make a transfer from my savings account to my checking account.
OK, great. I can most certainly assist you with that. let's see, just to get us started, can I have your first and last name, please?
All right, sure. My name is Kelly Wolf. That's K E L L Y W O L F.
OK. Perfect. And I am showing your date of birth here, Miss Wolf. All I need you to do is just confirm it with me.
All right, that's gonna be eleven three seventy-six.
OK. Perfect. That is what I am showing, as well. also, I just need one more identifying number from you, Miss Wolf, can you please provide me the last four numbers of your social security number, please?
Sure, that's gonna be seven seven eight eight.
Thank you. OK. also now to get us started, I'm gonna need account numbers from both your savings and checking accounts, please.
Oh yeah, hold on let me get those. I don't really know those numbers off the top of my head.
OK. most certainly, Miss Wolf. I can hold for you. You just let me know when you're ready.
I'm just looking around here for those numbers. So, have you have you ever heard of NFTs? My cousin made so much money on one and I'm so excited to try it out. I've heard there's a big process to buy them, so so this is why I'm trying to get this money transferred, so I can get all my ducks in a row.
Oh. Well that's an interesting sounding story. no, I have not heard of them, but I will certainly look into that. NFTs. OK. Actually, I wrote that down. That does sound interesting.
All right, I've got those account numbers. Are you ready? Here's my checking, I got four four three two four four three one five four. And then my savings is gonna be five six four three two two three five one three.
OK, so let me just confirm, I'm showing your checking as four four three two four four three one five four. That one's up. And I have your savings, five six four three two two three five one three. OK. Now I have both of these accounts up. All right, perfect. now I just need to know the dollar amount you want to transfer and then from which account to where.
All right it's gonna be five thousand, and I wanna take the money out of my savings and put it into my checking.
OK, perfect. So, I have five thousand dollars. We're gonna take that out of your savings. Just give me one second here. OK. And I'm gonna take this five thousand and I'm gonna put it over here into your checking account. OK. All right, so I took five thousand out of savings put it into checking, correct?
Yeah, that's correct. now can you let me know the balance of those accounts after the transfer?
Certainly, so it will be four thousand twenty-three twenty-four now in your savings and after the five thousand goes in, we'll be at seven thousand three hundred forty-five twenty-two that'll be in your checking.
All right. That sounds good. do you know how long this'll take?
Oh yeah, certainly, that's a great question, Miss Wolf. typically the process takes about three to five business days sometimes if it's between the same accounts with us here at Intellibank, lot of times it might take just twenty-four hours. So just keep an eye on your account and then this way we'll be sure to get it done for you as quick as we can.
All right, great. I'm gonna go and update my Intellibank's spreadsheet.
Oh. Actually that's Intellibank, pronounced that way. is there anything else that I can help you with today?
yeah, why don't we go ahead and update my email address?
OK, sure. What's that new address?
All right, my new email address is K E L L Y underscore W O L F zero seven at Gmail dot com.
All right, great. I've got that as K E L L Y underscore W O L F oh seven at Gmail dot com. also, wanna ask can I send you some information on how to set up online banking? I noticed, Miss Wolf, you don't have an online banking account and if you want to get involved with NFTs, that might be something that will assist you in these transfers in the future.
All right, yeah, that sounds great. Go ahead and send that along.
Perfect. All right. It is already sent. Thanks so much. And you have a wonderful day.
You as well.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Felicia speaking. Who do I have the pleasure to be speaking with?
My name's Sharon.
Hey Sharon, what can I do for you today?
I need to check my my account balance.
OK, let me get some quick information from you. what's your last name, Sharon?
Williams.
Is it S H A R O N?
Yes.
Williams with an S?
Yes.
And your date of birth?
five twenty-five. Oh my gosh. I need to check my ID. I can't remember what year I was born.
That's all right, it happens to me all the time. You take your time, Ms. Williams.
I
I don't know. If my head weren't attached, for real.
While you're pulling that up, can you find your bank account number for me too?
yeah. Let me go ahead. I'm definitely gonna have to look that up. I'll have to go grab my checkbook.
All right, and while you're doing that, I'm gonna ask you a security question. what's the name of your high school mascot?
it's a buccaneer.
All right.
five twenty-five eighty-six.
All right, and your account number?
it is seven four five one zero zero seven.
And do you just want the balance on the account today, or?
I need my savings and my checking. Both.
All right.
And you need to make a withdrawal today?
no, but I do need to transfer some money out of my savings into my checking. I had a little unexpected expense.
Oh yeah? Happens to me all the time.
Yeah, my car broke down again. Everything breaks. Right out of warranty too.
I'm so sorry.
That's when it always happens. So how much did you wanna transfer from your savings to your checking?
what's that balance?
In your savings, you have nine thousand five hundred and twenty-two dollars. In your checking, you have nine hundred fifty-three dollars and eighty-two cents.
I need to transfer two thousand dollars from the savings to the checking.
OK, what's the last four of the savings account number?
it is four three zero one.
And we're transferring two thousand from savings into the checking?
Yes.
All right, gimme just a moment.
OK.
All right, that's been done. Your new balance is two thousand nine hundred fifty-three dollars and eighty-two cents.
Oh by the way, the reason I called. I'm locked out of my my online my app and the website, which is why I didn't do the transfer that way. Is there is there any way you can help me to reset that password?
Sure. Go onto Intellibank dot com for me.
OK.
And you see where it says login?
Yeah.
All right. Click that for me.
All right, so I've already done that.
You see where it says forgot password?
I. OK.
Click that, and it's gonna email you and prompt you to change the password.
All right.
Is there anything else I can do for you, Ms. Williams?
I don't think so. That should be it.
All right, well you have a great day, and I hope everything goes well with your car.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Carly. How may I help you?
Hello, Carly. I'm calling to find an Intellibank branch located near me.
There used to be a branch located right out the road from where I stay but that's. But that one closed down. I tried to look up a location yesterday while I was at work. I worked for a big law firm in Chicago but I couldn't find any branches location. Do you think that would that you would be able to help me out?
OK. Yes, sir. I can help you with that. Can I have your first and last name, please?
Marvin Thomas.
OK. Mr. Thomas. And can I have your date of birth?
June fifteen nineteen eighty-three.
OK. Thank you and can I have your account number, please?
Five three seven nine four two.
OK and for your security code can I have the make and model of the first car you owned?
A nineteen ninety-three Buick Regal.
OK.
No. I'm sorry. A seven Impala.
OK. Can I have your street address where you are inquiring?
Four three two south west fourth and fifth street
OK and the city and state.
Sandwich , Chicago.
Chicago. OK.
And you said Chicago, right?
Yes, ma'am.
Tell me.
I'm sorry?
Yes Chicago.
tell me about the weather.
The weather where I'm at, sir?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh.
The weather is nice. it's sunny today. so it's pretty. It's pretty nice out. How is the weather where you are in Chicago?
Well for as of the last couple of days, we've been going through a real thunderstorm. There's been a lot of rain so can't nobody go out and do nothing. It's been raining real hard.
Aww that sucks.
Well, where I've been it's been pretty sunny so I don't wanna share that too much. I don't wanna make you too jealous OK.
And can I have the ZIP code, please?
Three four six eight five.
Thank you. OK. So you stated that you wanted to see some branch locations in your area.
All right. So I do see that we have several branch locations. there is an ATM oh no there is a branch located, I'm sorry, on fifty-third street.
it's about two point four miles away from you.
there's also an ATM at the bank of Luther van Der Street point three miles away from you on Southeast Highway but that store does close a little bit early at three p.m. on Thursdays.
OK, yes. I do remember that one on Martin van Der Street. Thank you.
not Martin van Der Street. Sir, Luther van Der Street.
Oh on Luther van Der Street.
My bad.
OK. Oh no problem. OK and you wanted to check your bank account balance, correct?
Yes.
All right. what account you're inquiring about. Is this your checking or savings?
Yes, I'm calling to check the balance of my checking account, please.
OK and can I have the number for the account you are inquiring about?
Yes, ma'am. Three eight.
Two three four three.
No wait. The account number is three eight two five two forty-three.
OK thank you.
I do see your checking account balance at seven thousand.
yup. Seven thousand seven hundred sixty-five dollars and eighty-eight cents. Are there any other accounts that you would like to check?
Yes. Can I check my savings account, please?
OK. Yes, sir.
OK. I do see that your savings account there's five thousand five hundred forty-six dollars and eighty-eight cents. Is there any other accounts that you would like to check?
No, ma'am. Thank you.
All right. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, ma'am. Thank you and wanna have a good day.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank. Again, my name is Carly. Have a great day.
Hello. This is Rodrick from Intellibank. How may I help you?
Hello. I'm calling to close my account and I also wanna transfer my funds to a different one, if that's possible.
Yes, ma'am that is very possible. I would love to help you with closing your account. Can I get your first and last name?
OK. My first and last name is Roshonda Jackson.
OK. Can you spell Roshonda for me?
R O S H O N D A. And Jackson would be J A C K S O N.
OK. Thank you, ma'am. Can I get your date of birth?
My date of birth would be June thirtieth two thousand and one.
OK. Can I get the credit card number?
OK. Let me grab that real quick. My credit card number is seven five eight one two seven zero zero zero three two seven nine seven five.
OK. Yes ma'am and I just have one question for you. What was the name of your first pet?
the name of my first pet was Lady.
OK. Thank you miss Roshonda. Thank you for verifying this information for me. I would like to know the account number you would like to close.
the account number I wanna close, it would be five five six one eight zero nine five eight two.
OK. Thank you. Just give me a couple seconds, just so that this can upload.
Yes. How is your day going by the way?
My day is going good. How is yours?
It's going pretty great, thank you.
OK.
That's very good to hear. That's very good to hear. What is the reason that you're wanting to close this account Ma'am?
I just wanna close it because it's just too many fees on it. And I don't think I need the account anymore.
OK. OK. Is there anything else that you would like for me to do before I close this account? Would you like me to transfer the money that you have in this account to another account for me?
Yes, sir. I wanna transfer it to my savings.
OK. OK. Can I get the routing number for the your savings account?
Yes. Are you ready?
Yes ma'am.
Two six nine nine nine eight four five seven.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am. and can I have also the bank number? For the deposit.
Yes. The bank number is six seven seven nine four two zero eight.
OK. And I just want you to confirm with me how much money that you have into the checking account. Just before I send it. So I can make sure I'm sending the right amount of money. basically what I'm just gonna. I wanna read you the number that you have in your checking account. I just want you to confirm. So it says that you have sixty-three dollars and ninety-seven cents into your checking account.
Yes, sir.
OK. OK.
I'd like.
To transfer that to my savings.
OK. I wanna do that for you. I just need to confirm with you that that's the right amount.
Yes, sir.
OK. OK. Everything is sending. Just give it a couple seconds. OK. OK. Everything has been sent over. However, with the new account and being that it's having to, you know of course be sent digitally. It's gonna take maybe a hour or two to fully load into your savings account. But you can always go online to check that out. is there anything else that I can help you with today, ma'am?
Yes. I was wondering, when will my account fully be closed? When will my account close?
OK. Yes. We typically close accounts within two to three business days. So, basically today is Monday and your account should be closed sometime between Tuesday and Wednesday.
Yes. That sounds good.
OK. is there anything else I can help you with?
yes. I would like to know what would be the balance on my savings account once the checking account balance is transferred. What would that be?
OK. Yes, ma'am. Can I get your savings account number, ma'am?
my account number again would be five five six one eight zero nine five eight two.
OK. Thank you. OK, so in the system it's saying pending. OK. So your total in your savings account would then be one-hundred and seven dollars and nineteen cents.
OK. Thank you.
OK. Is there anything else that I can help you with, ma'am, today?
No, sir. That'll be all.
OK. Thank you so much for calling here at Intellibank. This is Rodrick. And there will be a survey at then end. And again we ask that you complete the survey. Thank you so much.
Thank you.
All right. Bye bye.
Good morning and thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
yes, hello. I'm calling to close an existing account and transfer the money that's in that account that I'm gonna close into one of my active accounts. Can someone help me with that over the phone?
Mhm, absolutely. Let me ask you a few questions so I can look into these accounts and see what we can do. first of all, what is the name of the person I'm speaking with?
yes, my name is Sara, S A R A. Dunning, D U N N I N G. my address is forty-five forty-two Cherry Street. C H E R R Y S T R E E T. And my what else do you need?
Actually, thank you for your name, Mrs. Dunning. I I don't. Like I I'll just ask for the pieces that I need, cuz I didn't even need your address, so so, I got your name. What is your date of birth?
I'm sorry. I've just been through this so many times. I just know it's just like all the information of my life, so. OK. My birthday is oh eight oh seven nineteen eighty.
It's no problem Mrs. Dunning. I know it's a lot of information but I'm gonna ask you one more question and we'll take a look at your accounts. What is your Driver's License number?
Mm. OK. It is two one two oh six oh seven one three.
OK. Great. Let me take a look at this account. And you're saying that you want to close out an existing savings account. It looks like you only have one. But can I also verify the account number just so I'm sure that this is the one you're talking about?
absolutely. The one I wanna close out is gonna be account number oh six seven nine eight three nine.
OK. Wonderful, and it looks like in that account, you have a balance of forty-two dollars and I thought I heard you say that you would like to transfer that over to a different account that you have. Would you happen to have the account number you'd like to transfer it to, on you?
yes, I have it right here. I tried to make sure I had all my information for this transaction so we could get it done quick and easy over the phone. I would like to transfer it to account number oh seven seven six eight two five.
OK. Wonderful. I see that account. So what I will start doing is closing the savings account on my end. I will make sure that everything through the computer system and done online it will be closed. Now you still have to come in to one of our branches and sign two pieces of paperwork saying that you terminated this account. We just need your signature for a legal document saying that you did this, no one else did this. And that you know, nothing else can be done with this account. It's a done deal. But as of today it will be closed, per the computer system, and you should see no other activity. You should get no other charges, and you should see no other fees or you you can't use it yourself, so. As of today it will be closed. just sign that paperwork and then it'll be official. and I am transferring that forty-two dollars over to your checkings account right now. Gimme one second.
OK. That's so great. Like, I I go to the bank on a regular basis so signing that paperwork will be no big deal. In fact, I like to go in and talk with the people anyways, so that'd be. That'd be just an excuse for me to go up there and say hi to everybody.
That's great. I'm glad you have such a great relationship with the people that work at your bank. it's nice when they come in and and see other friendly faces. So, OK, I have that closed out. I have the money transferred over. Is there anything else that I can help you with today? Since we're on the phone and I have your accounts all pulled up?
actually actually, yeah, there is. I actually have a credit card through you guys and I I've just been kinda making payments on it. But I haven't really looked at the details. Is there any way you can give me the. My. The balance I have on that credit card?
actually, yes, I can. I need two pieces of information from you to look at that card. I see you only have one credit card account. So, can I please have your mother's maiden name?
yes, that would be Martin. M A R T I N.
OK. Also, may I have the credit card number?
oh. Just. Crap. Just one second. I didn't. I didn't pull that down cuz I didn't think I'd be asking about my credit card. But I have it. I have it right upstairs. Can you just. Can you just hold on for one second so I can go grab it? And I'll have. I'll have the number right in front of me.
Sure. No problem. Take your time. Go ahead. I'll be right here.
OK, thank you so much. I'll be. I'll be right back.
OK. OK. I'm back. Are you there?
Yes, Mrs. Dunning, I'm here. Did you find your credit card number?
yes I did. It's right here. OK. It is Four four eight five nine nine five nine four four two five nine seven four three.
OK. Wonderful. Mrs. Dunning that credit card has. You're looking for the balance, correct? You wanna know how much you owe on this?
Mm yes, ma'am. That is correct.
OK. You have an outstanding balance of eight hundred and seventy-three dollars.
OK. That's about what I thought. I've just been paying on it steady and sure. But I haven't really checked the balance, but, that's about where I thought it was. Thank you for checking on that.
Oh, no problem, Mrs. Dunning. is there anything else I can help you with today?
no, I think that's gonna be it. Thank you so much for your help.
No problem, Mrs. Dunning. And you have a wonderful day. Thank you for calling and thank you for banking with us.
Intellibank, this is Tiffany. How can I help you?
Yeah. Hey, Tiffany. This is John Smith.
Hello. How can I help you, John?
Yeah. I need to report my card. Lost or stolen.
Oh, that's not good. OK. Let me get my screen pulled up.
Oh
Wait, hold on a sec.
Sorry. I forgot to also ask you. Tiffany, right? Can you check my balance as well?
Yes. I can certainly help with that as well.
That'll be great.
Just let me get my screen pulled up here and then we can get the process started.
OK. So I just need first and last name and date of birth.
That's John Smith. One eighteen of eighty-seven.
OK. Can I please get your driver's license number?
Oh. That was lost in the with my card.
OK.
It looks like unfortunately, I won't be able to process your lost or stolen card report. cuz I need to have your ID number on that and I'm unfortunately also not able to check your balance of your account as I'll also need some form of ID what you can do is you can go in to your nearest branch and they would be happy to help you to fill up the form and be able to tell you what your account balance is. I can certainly give you the closest address if if you would like.
Yeah. I'm over here at eight oh nine Ocean Street, San Diego, California nine two zero six three.
OK. Give me one moment to find the nearest location. OK. It looks like the closest location to you is going to be at twelve thirteenth Hatcher Road.
Oh, I know where that is. Yeah. I was just checking my GPS. I'm only a five minute walk from there.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. You've been wonderful. Thank you.
OK. You have a good day now. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Becky, how can I help you?
Hi. I need to find I don't I need to add a new user on to my account like a second card allowed, and I called earlier to try and do that on the phone and you know she was she was nice, I'm not trying to report her to be grumpy or one of those, you know, Karens, I just I don't, I didn't understand what she was saying, because she said I had to come and talk to someone and I don't know how I'm supposed to come and talk to someone because I'm new to the area and I I I just didn't get information. Super sweet, she had a sweet voice. I don't even remember her name, but I just, I need some more help.
OK.
If you can provide that.
Yeah, I'd be I'd be happy to help you.
Also I need to put cash in my account, before I go, because I want to know that there's cash in there I think like I need maybe A M T if that's close by?
It sounds.
Oh, I think you mean ATM?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK, I can help you with both those. I think you need to
First of all go into a branch. So, let me find out where you're located and then I can direct you to the nearest branch. First of all, can I get your account number, please?
Yeah, hold on. Oh, here it is, one seven nine four five three zero zero.
OK, thank you and your name?
Well, my name's Karen Hucksley. I'm not one of those Karens though, I am a I'm a cool Karen.
OK, Karen, good to know. and for your security, can I get your date of birth please?
Yeah, it's two eighteen seventy-two.
OK and you mentioned, you're new to the area. Now, I show the address on the account is in Bend, Oregon. Did you want to find a branch in near Bend?
No, I'm visiting southeast Portland so I need up over there somewhere. I think I I think I'm near Morrison, I don't know if there's a branch over there?
Oh. OK.
Yeah do you have like is is there an actual address on Morrison that you'd like to find near a specific address?
Yeah so I am on eighteen sixty-nine sixty-ninth street I believe it's a couple blocks over to Morrison.
OK.
It's you know these these streets are just they the There's so many numbers, and I, one minute I look at sixty second and then I look at ninety-fifth. It's like what the heck happened, but I know I've seen Morrison not far from here.
OK OK and then you said that was Portland, Oregon, correct? OK let me look up for you. OK. Well, I see that there are multiple branches within that area. I'd be happy to give you the address. There's one, there is one on Morrison.
Yes. Yes.
OK.
the address is one two one two eight.
mhm
Morrison Boulevard.
mhm
Portland, Oregan nine seven two two two. Would you like to know the hours of operation for that branch?
Yeah, what time is it? Oh, it's about three. yeah I I think I can get over there if it's if it's still open.
Yeah, they are open until five p.m. tonight. tomorrow they open up at ten and they will be open from ten to five Monday through Friday and Saturdays limited hours eleven to two p.m.
OK, great I think I think I can get in there today then.
Awesome. OK, great and you said you wanted to find an ATM also?
Yeah if there's one along the way that would be great. I just don't want to take up too much time at the the bank with getting a new user and then adding money. You know, you girls already have so much on your plate. I. I don't need to add more. I'm not one of those Karens .
OK.
Gotcha. OK. Well, let's see here there is so you wanted to to find one near your address there in southeast Portland, OK. So that was on, yes there is actually with just one block away there is an ATM
OK.
And it does allow cash and check deposits.
OK how much cash can I put in there because I've I've got quite a bit to put in. It's It's nothing fancy, they're just a bunch of ones but I wanna make sure they've been a bunch that I've been saving up and need to get them in the account now.
OK you can deposit up to seventy-two bills per deposit, so if those are ones or fives or tens or even hundreds seventy-two is the max per deposit. You can make multiple cash deposits per day though.
OK. OK. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You know I don't think so you know Let me see here. Let me look at me list. Oh Is there parking near the branch or is that something because I know with Britain you have to park on the streets. Am I going to have to pay to park to go in there?
this branch on Morrison, it does have parking available So, there is bank parking available to customers.
OK.
OK, good. You know, I just I hate leaving my car on some random street and then having to run couple streets over just because there's no parking. Next to the bank, it's so frustrating and I just it drives me insane. I don't understand why these companies don't provide parking. That should be the number one. People don't go to companies because it's it's it's too hard to park.
Mhm.
And I don't want to get out of my car, but OK thank you. I'll take I'll stop taking up your time. I appreciate all the answers.
Sure you're very welcome and you have a nice day.
You too.
Yeah, good day sir. Thank you for calling into Intellibank today. My name is Clement. How may I help you today sir?
Good morning, my name is Kelly Simpson.
OK.
I I think I lost my card.
OK, you think? sorry when was the last time you saw the card sir?
OK, the last time was when I I went to, I actually went to a car store.
OK.
And trying to make some transactions. I I checked window shopping and.
Yeah.
I I I got home and I couldn't find my card.
Wow wow OK, please can I let me confirm. Can I have your first name and your last name sir?
OK, my first name is Kelly.
OK.
And last name is Simpson.
OK, just hold on a minute let me check your account if your account with us sir. OK. Mr. Kelly Simpson right?
Yes.
OK I can I think I can confirm to you that your card was stolen cuz there was an attempt like three times to use the card but I think the person didn't know the the pin code so it could. It didn't go through. I'm really, really sorry about that. Yeah, but that is why we have the security security in check, so things like this don't happen and people don't lose their cards and people, other people use them. But OK all right do you have any means of Identification sir?
Oh, wow.
Oh.
Thank you very much.
OK.
Yes I have my social security number.
OK, can I have the last four digit of that number please?
OK, three four.
OK.
Eight six.
OK. if I got you right you say you said three four.
Eight six.
Eight six. All right. hold on a minute please.
Yeah.
OK.
OK. Yeah, so Mr. Simpson yeah?
Yeah.
I'm going to cancel the card right away.
Please go ahead.
All right, sir. Can I have the card number, please?
OK.
Yes, sir. I will call it for you now.
Alright, sir.
One one.
Alright.
Two three.
OK.
Seventy seven.
OK.
six two.
OK.
Seven one.
OK.
Seven one.
OK.
Yeah.
OK please can you call out the number again just to confirm, sir.
One one.
OK.
Two three.
OK.
Seven seven.
OK.
Six two.
Yeah.
Seven one.
Yeah.
Seven one.
OK, so the last four digit are six two.
mhm.
Yeah, seven one.
Yes.
Yes seven one.
Yes.
OK, please hold on a minute sir. sir please do you have any security questions sir?
Yes. That will be my favorite animal.
OK, your favorite animal and what is the answer to that sir?
Cat.
OK, cat all right all right. And just hold on a minute while I cancel the card please.
OK. Sir, please hope you don't mind if I engage you?
All right, no problem, sir.
OK.
I don't know I I don't even know any dating site I I cannot tell you log on to.
OK. I will. Oh, but I. I can see your your passport here and you look like a really fine man and why why would you be dating
To get home, you know?
These days fine men don't get fine women.
Oh I see well I'm really really OK really sorry about that. OK, but I think I I know a few I know. OK, there's the Love me dot com.
You know?
OK, the Love me.
Yeah, Love me dot com. I think there's another one Find a soulmate dot com, too. OK, I think you get really pretty ladies on those sites.
OK.
OK, thank you very much.
Yeah, And I. And I wish you the best of luck as you try to find love, sir. All right, sir. OK, sir sir. I can confirm to you that your card has been canceled.
Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
OK. Thank you.
OK.
Yeah. I've canceled the card. So, would you like me to issue a new one sir?
Yes, I would thanks. I don't mind.
OK. what card are you going for this time around sir?
I am going for the normal card I think the silver card.
OK.
OK, silver all right all right. OK. So, can I have your date of birth please?
Yes. Thirty first of April, nineteen ninety five.
All right.
OK, thirty first of April, nineteen ninety-five. OK. Hold on a minute, sir. OK. Yeah, would you like me to use the same, the same security questions for this card too? All right. All right sir. OK. OK. Alright. Yeah, OK I can confirm to you now that I have issued you a new card.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
OK, thank you.
OK.
what address would you like me to send the card to?
OK, Arizona.
OK.
Yeah, house number four.
OK.
Yeah.
All right. All right. OK. Can you come with the address again please?
Yes.
House number four, Arizona.
All right. All right. OK. OK. OK, so the card will be delivered to you in five working days.
OK.
Yeah, and then when you get the card, you go to the nearest ATM machine close to you.
OK.
OK, you input the code zero zero zero as your default pin. That. That's four zeros, zero zero zero. So, it will prompt you to put in your new pin and then you put it in sir. OK, and by doing that, you've activated your card, sir.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK.
Alright, so I'm sorry for the inconvenience this might have cost you and I'm sorry for the delay in the card delivery. Is just protocol and procedures that we go through here. Alright
OK, OK. So you
Said if I get right I'm going to take the card to an ATM machine and type the default code which is zero zero zero, four six. Set a new pin OK.
Yes. Yes.
Yeah four code zero zero, yes.
Yes.
Yes, a four four pin. Yeah a four. Four number pin, yeah.
OK.
OK, thank you very much.
OK, all right, sir.
So Mr. Simpson, right?
Yes.
OK is there any other thing I can help you with today?
Nothing thank you.
Alright all right, thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Have a lovely day sir.
Yes.
Thank you very much sir.
Yeah, thank you for
Banking with us.
You're welcome.
All right.
Hi. Good morning. Thank you for calling the Intellibank. My name is Jonas. How may I help you?
Hello. Good morning. I'm calling to report a missing credit card.
It had been missing for a while now.
OK. I'm gonna need your first name and your last name please.
Loreta Baker.
OK. Would you like us to replace a card?
Yes. Yes, please.
OK. Please hold.
All right. Loreta Baker. may I get your date of birth, please?
September ninth nineteen ninety-one.
Can you come again, please?
September ninth nineteen ninety-one.
OK. Please hold.
OK, Ma'am. I'm going to need your social security number.
seven. I think seven one excuse me. Can I get my card, please?
OK. That's fine.
Hello, Intellibank. Where banking is better for you. How may I help you? This is. This is Jim.
Hi, Jim. My name is Sally. And I'm just trying to figure out where there's an ATM that's fairly close to my house.
OK. So, what is your address?
Yes, I'm at four two six Rock Road.
OK, and in what city?
I'm in Littleton.
in?
Nebraska.
Nebraska? OK.
Mhm.
Do you need my ZIP code?
I do please.
My ZIP code. I thought you might. My ZIP code is four three two four five.
OK. So. Let me look on my computer here. It'll take me just a second.
Yeah, I'm trying to find this ATM. but I want something kind of close. The traffic's awful.
Yeah, I. I can understand that. OK, it looks like there's a ATM on College Street.
Uh-huh.
Dean Street. Ash and Sycamore in your area.
Well, OK. I might be able to try the one on Sycamore. I'm telling you, this traffic's awful. I heard they might put a roundabout in, over by College, have you heard that?
I haven't heard that yet.
I kinda hope they do. I think it'll move. Move the traffic a little faster. I've been stuck at that light there before for I don't know, it feels like an eternity.
Well, there is a. Another alternative. Maybe you can if you wouldn't. Wouldn't mind going to another bank, there's actually a a bank near you. It's. It's a First Security Bank. But you do have to remember that if you use their ATMs, It's gonna charge you four dollars per transaction.
Now, do you mean change my account over there?
No. You can actually use anyone's ATM. They're just going to charge you to do that.
Oh, I see, I see. OK, well, thanks for that bit of information. Hey, I do have a question for you, too. so I need. So. Here's the deal. I love to buy and sell on Marketplace. I don't know if you ever look at that. But I love to buy and sell stuff on Marketplace. But sometimes, I need to buy something, and the bank's already closed. So that's why I'm looking for this ATM.
OK. So. Go ahead.
But.
But then, sometimes I either decide I don't want something. Or, I sell something and I don't want to have the money hanging around. So I want to know, can I make a cash deposit through an ATM?
Yes, you can. All you have to do is go in and put your card in.
Mhm.
Instead of hitting withdrawal, you hit other, and then you go to deposit. You put in however much you want. So if it's a hundred dollars, you put in one zero zero dot zero zero. And then hits enter. It will actually push the door open for you, so you can enter your cash in. And then, it will give you a receipt.
OK, this might be a silly question, but you know how when you get money out of the ATM , it just comes like in, you, twenties or something, you don't get fives and ones. If I put it back, do I only. Can I only put it back in denominations of twenties and hundreds?
No. You can put them in in any denomination. Actually, someone goes out there every day and pulls that money out. And counts it. And takes it up to the. To the main bank. So you can put anything in. But you cannot put coin in, though.
Oh, OK. OK, well, you know, it would sure be helpful. You maybe pass this along to whoever's in charge. It would sure be helpful if you could get things like fifteen, or forty-five, or twenty-five, or thirty. Other I understand the ones, but man, if you could get multiples of five, that would sure be helpful.
Well, I'll. I'll let my supervisors know about that.
Yes, thank you.
Oh, and I. I do want to remind you of one other thing also. when you're taking money out, four hundred dollars per day is the maximum amount that you can pull out of the ATM.
OK. All right. Well, that's good to know. And I have a question. In case I don't remember what you've said, or if I'm gonna meet somebody at a location that's not by my house, How can I find a list of your ATMs? There has to be a list somewhere of locations.
Yes. Do you have an iPhone?
Yes.
OK, so you need to go to your App Store. You'll find Intellibank. It'll have our our logo there. Click on that. It will download to your phone. And then once you get into there, there were actually is place that says ATM locations. Click on that, and it will actually tell you where the nearest ATM is.
OK. Does it keep up with me in real time through my maps, or do I have to enter the address of where I am? Cuz sometimes I don't exactly know the address of where I am.
No, it. It will follow you. so you won't have to worry about putting in an address or anything like that.
OK, well that's really helpful.
Well, do you need any other further information?
I don't think so. Not today.
OK, well if you need anything else, just give us a call back.
All right, thank you.
Have a good day.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Yes, I'm calling to see my balance. I wanna know about my balance.
OK sure, I can definitely help you with that today. just to know this, I just want to let you know this call is being recorded on a secure line and my name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four. for account security can I please get your full first and last name?
Jason Wells.
Jason Wells. OK, got it. Thank you so much. And can you also verify the last four of your Social Security number?
Two three seven five.
OK, perfect. And Jason, what is your date of birth?
May twenty-first nineteen eighty.
OK, great. And are you calling about your checking or one of your savings accounts today?
my checking.
Your checking account. OK, great. so I see that I do have have your account pulled up here. but I also need you to authenticate, either do you have your checking account number or can I get a driver's license number from you?
Can I give you my driver's license number please?
Yes.
All right, it's three five three seven six oh five.
OK, perfect. And that's a Texas license right?
Yes.
OK. OK, great. so yeah I do have your account pulled up here and I see that your balance is fifteen thousand six hundred and twelve dollars and forty-two cents. I also do see that you had a a large transaction recently. Is that something that is that you actually made or is that something that you're questioning?
Yeah something I'm questioning cuz yeah I noticed that my account dipped by eight thousand dollars and I was just wondering what is that purchase cuz I didn't authorize that purchase. I didn't make that purchase.
OK, you did not. OK, yeah I see this is a purchase at Best Buy. I'm not sure exactly what it was for but yes I do see on here that it was eight thousand and forty-two dollars.
Oh wow.
So OK so then I if the was not that's what you're saying that was not a purchase that was authorized by you?
No, it was not.
OK. OK, then I I definitely need to get you over to our Fraud Department then to be able to so they can assist you with placing a fraud claim on this.
Yes. That makes sense.
Is the oh before I get you over to that department I do want you to know that we are doing a special this month where if you if you open a another checking account with us that we're depositing two hundred dollars into the checking account. because we want to reward our our current customers. Is that something you would be interested in?
Not at this time. My mind's more on this fraudulent activity on my account. So I appreciate you for offering that but I would love to figure out next steps to talk to your Fraud Department.
Of course sir. Of course. Of course Mr. Wells. I'm going to go ahead and transfer you over to our Fraud Department. I'm gonna place you on hold for a minute if that will if that will be OK?
Yes.
Hi yes Mr. Wells?
Yes.
Hi, my name is Jennifer Starns and I'm with the Fraud Department of Intellibank. I understand that you have a charge that was unauthorized on your account?
Yes.
OK and this is the the eight thousand dollar and forty-two charge at Best Buy?
Correct.
OK. do you have your card in your possession?
I do.
You do. OK. OK so what I'm what I'm gonna have to go ahead and do is I'm gonna have to cancel that card since obviously it was there was fraud on it. And then we will have to re-issue you a new card and then you should get that within about five business days or if you would like we can also rush the card to you but it would be a charge of twenty dollars.
Oh that's fine you can rush it. I appreciate that.
OK. All right. Well we'll go ahead and rush the card to you and then we'll just charge the twenty dollars to your account. And then what we'll need to do is I will also send you out in the mail, there's going to be a fraud reporting packet that you will receive. And then that's what you will have to fill out to make sure that we have all the documentation to be able to get this fraud claim taken care of and refund that money back to your account .
That would be awesome. I appreciate your help so much.
OK definitely. And can you verify your mailing address for me please?
Two five two Run Lane.
OK.
Charleston, Texas seven five seven two two.
OK perfect. OK that is what we have on file so I'm gonna go ahead and get that mailed out to you today and you should get that within a couple business days. so please feel free to reach out to us if you do not get that within the next I would say three days and then we can re-mail something again. did you have any other questions for me?
No. I appreciate your help. Thank you.
OK perfect. OK have a wonderful day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you?
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have some I have a question. I need some help, please. I am trying to I have. I just saw a overdraft it looks like that my checking account is about to have online. I was on there just trying to check my balance and it looks like a charge came through and has me a couple of dollars in the red. So I wanted to take some money from my savings and cover that, and I was wondering if you could help me with that.
Certainly. So what you need to do is make an internal transfer from your savings to your checking?
yes, please. That's exactly right.
Oh, sure. I can certainly help you with that Kim. No, worries. I just have to ask you a few questions so we can get started, OK?
OK, great.
All right. what is your last name please?
it's Johns, J O H N S.
OK, thank you so much. And your date of birth?
It's four twenty-four nineteen seventy-seven.
OK, thank you so much. And I need the account number that we're speaking of with your I'm so sorry. The withdrawal account number. So your savings.
OK. My savings account number? OK. Hold on for one moment. Lemme grab that for you.
Yes, ma'am.
Certainly. Take your time.
You know what. I think I might've left that upstairs. bear with bear with me for one moment. I'm gonna take the phone with me.
Sure.
How's your day going?
It's going pretty good. Thank you so much. How's your day been?
it's been pretty good. Trying to take care of, you know a bunch of bills and and all that stuff. Get all that squared away, so then I know what money I have leftover to have fun with.
Aww, I. You sound like me. That's what I do. You get all the bills out of the way quickly, so I know what kind of fun money I have left to play with. I look forward to that part of the bill paying.
Yeah.
Yes. Especially in all this nice weather now that it's, you know, everything seems like it's kind of starting to chill out a little bit.
Oh my goodness. Chill out indeed. It's been extremely extremely hot this summer. I mean, I don't know if you've ever been to Myrtle Beach before, but we pretty much stay warm, you know, pretty much all year round, up until about February. I'm sorry. well, yeah. Really sometimes January is kind of warm to so part of January, February, and March is basically our winter. It's so strange, but the rest of the year is pretty warm. And this year was just outrageous. The the heat and the humidity. I mean, every time I'm at the beach, I'm sweating my whole face and makeup off. Just, I can't stand it. Yeah. I mean, I love living near the water, don't get me wrong. Living near the coast is absolutely the way to go, however you really have to deal with some things. I I look forward to the cool down and it isn't cool per say, but at least the the humidity is gone. I'm so happy about that.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Aww, well that's good. Good. OK. I have my savings account here. the number is one one two one zero zero zero five, nine four.
Yeah.
OK.
All right. Thank you so much. And the dollar amount that you would like to put in your checking account?
I'm just gonna transfer over one hundred even. that way it can cover this charge and and anything else that might be coming up before I get paid again.
OK. One hundred with no change?
Right.
All right. Let me just make sure I have the correct details. OK. let's see here.
All right. Now I need your checking account number, please.
Oh, OK. All right. Lemme see here. My checking account number is one one two, one zero zero zero five, nine five.
Thank you so much. I'm transferring one hundred dollars over into your checking account and I would like to advise you of the balance in your checking account now that the hundred dollars has been placed there. so your new balance is five thousand five hundred dollars and thirteen cents.
OK.
Oh, OK. Thank you so much. And I was just wondering. the transfer of funds. that's something I can do online at Intel Bank dot com, right?
That's right. And you. Intellibank?
Oh, yes. I meant Intellibank. Yes.
Is that what you meant?
That's OK. There is an Intel Bank too, so I just wanted to make sure we're speaking about the same one.
Oh, yes.
yes. Yes, indeed. You can do that online on the online portal, and it's really self-explanatory. You just click on that little hamburger at the top of the left hand side of the menu and the prompts will walk you right through that.
Oh, OK. Great. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help today.
You are so very welcome, Ms. Johns. Was there anything else that I could help you with?
Nope, that's everything. Thanks again.
You're very welcome. And as a part of Intellibank, we just want to tell you that we really appreciate your business, and you being a loyal customer. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. This is Rose from Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I need to make a wire transfer and I'd like some help with that, please.
Certainly, I just have to ask you a few questions to get into your account and help you with that transfer. first thing I need to know is your last name and you date of birth, please.
Sure. It's Johns, It's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK, and I would need the account number that you'd like to make the transfer from.
OK. give me one moment.
OK.
I thought I had that right in front of me. Let me grab that. Hold on for one moment, please.
Sure, take your time.
And while you're looking for that, I'm so sorry, I meant to ask you what your telephone number is as well?
Oh, sure. My telephone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five. and my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com, if you need that as well.
OK, thank you.
Sure, not problem. And I have my account right here.
OK, I'm ready.
OK, let me see here. It is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
Thank you so much. And would this be a domestic or an international type of transfer?
a domestic transfer.
OK, thank you so much. I need the deposit account routing number as well.
OK, sure. The The routing number is zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
OK, thank you so much. And I need the account number. the bank account number that you're depositing this in.
Sure. that's one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right, thank you so much. And I just wanted to confirm the amount that you are transferring.
five hundred dollars even.
OK, and the recipient of this transfer?
it's my mother. and her name is Sally Murphy.
All right, thank you so much. And I would need Ms. Oh, I'm sorry. You totally just gave that to me.
No worries.
All right, so I'm going to go ahead and initiate this transfer right now. It takes just a few moments. Bear with me.
Sure, no problem.
I'll be right.
Back.
OK, Ms. Johns that wire transfer has been initiated and the transaction will occur in just a few moments and about thirty seconds from that, you'll receive an email from me confirming that. if you don't mind checking your email to see if that's come through.
Sure, yeah, let me check here.
Thank you.
OK, I do see that email.
All right. Awesome. And would you like any further information about online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
no, that's OK, but I didn't realize. So I could actually. I mean, I'm sure I could figure it out, but I can do that online on your website?
yes, ma'am. You certainly can, and the prompts are really easy. You just go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and at the top of your screen, the left hand side you'll see a little hamburger menu. You'll click on that, and underneath transfers, or actually it should say move money and you click on that and it will give you the options as to well, there's several options to choose from, whether it be domestic or international, to help you make that transfer. It's actually pretty self-explanatory. It's very simple.
mhm
OK, great. Thank you so much for your information and for your help today. I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Nope, that's everything. You have yourself a great night.
You too. Thanks so much for calling Intellibank, and you have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi, I was just calling to ask a question about my bank account. I received this notice in the mail that there had been a a change that I wasn't expecting.
Oh, OK. Yeah could you go ahead and just give me your first and last name as well as your the account number associated with the notice?
Yeah. My name is Laura Ziragosa. and then just give me a moment while I get the number for my account.
OK and that's Zaragosa with a with a Z?
Yes.
OK, perfect. And Laura as in L A U R A?
Yep.
Perfect. OK. Yeah I'll be ready for that card number when you're ready. OK. Yep, yep, definitely.
So then I just read you my card number?
All right. so yeah I'm just gonna go ahead. Is that cool?
Yes.
OK so I have three three one two.
OK.
Five six seven two.
OK.
Zero zero four one.
Mhm.
Two three four two.
OK, perfect. So I'm pulling up the account here and currently your balance is sitting at a balance of five hundred and seventy-six thousand eight hundred and ninety-two dollars.
Oh wow, I wasn't expecting that at all.
Oh, you weren't? Oh, well that's probably what the notice was for.
OK.
I'm seeing some recent HA , some recent ACH deposits going into your account in pretty big increments. Usually you know we, we're not gonna necessarily flag it in a negative way but we are gonna obviously notify any and all of our customers when there are pretty significant changes to their accounts. the deposit looks like it came from multiple merchants, a couple of personal deposits as well as, yes some ACHs coming directly from your Payoneer account. So do you are you an independent contractor? Do you do any work that you would obviously be getting paid kind of independently for?
yeah so I'm actually a therapist and get a couple clients everyday each week so that keeps me really busy even on the weekend sometimes. And we just started our own office with that so I'm pretty sure that's where it all came from.
Oh yeah so probably because that, all that information is set up with your office it looks like the office is is doing extremely well so I'm glad to glad to hear that and yeah that's always a pleasant surprise, you know. Usually we get a lot of calls of people disputing charges or checking in about other things but it looks like yeah, it looks like this is a good call in that sense so I'm glad I could help you out with that Mrs. Zaragosa. Is there anything else, any other accounts that you would like to check? or anything else that I could possibly help you with today?
Mm.
Well if that's the case can you possibly give me more information on the on opening a savings account with the bank?
Yeah, definitely. So all of our savings accounts are just standard. it doesn't cost any money to open them and it usually just cost the same amount to keep the account open as long as there's at least like five bucks in there. It doesn't necessarily cost an extreme you know amount. There's not an annual fee or anything like that so. Just as long as there's five bucks in it to keep it active that's not five dollars that we actually let you withdraw or take out but, you know, obviously it seems like that wouldn't be that much of a problem for you if you wanted to open up a savings account with us. So, yeah I could definitely help you with that. Could I just use the same personal information that you have on file with us and just open it up in your name or would it be a joint account?
Mhm.
no just under my name would work. I think it's just a smart idea to separate the money in the checkings account and put some in the savings account.
Yes that is that is always very smart, very smart. OK, well I will go ahead and get that set up for you. You should get a notice in ebye bye, in your email and you'll also get a notice in the mail directly when your account information has been finalized but we'll go ahead and get that set up for you right now so I'm just gonna go ahead and put in basically just that you want a savings account open, open it up in your name and then would you just like to put just five dollars from the checking account into the savings account or would you like to put more than that? I'm sorry I've just never had a call like this. It's a little different for me usually.
I think.
Right.
Cuz obviously I I wanna respect what we just talked about, right, Miss Zaragosa but at the same time it also just does only cost five dollars to open up a savings account so I just wanna double check with you.
no, that'd be perfect to open today and I'd like to put half of what's in the checking in the savings account.
OK, sounds good. So that would be just around two hundred and fifty thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars and twenty-four cents.
Yep, that sounds great.
That sounds good? OK, so I've got the account set up right now and it's in your name. Everything's good there. And we'll just get the money put in there. One second let me just finalize this.
Mhm.
And yep, it's all good. OK it's open so with that being said Miss Zaragosa you can contact us any time if you have any questions moving forward with the savings account. If you ever want to deposit money, take out money, move money around from account to account you can do that directly through your app obviously free if charge on your own. If you ever need some help with it or wanna come talk to us again feel free to give us a call back. That savings account is set up for you. and then, yeah, just wishing you the best of luck this year. With everything going on with the pandemic and I hope that your business continues to run how it's been running and yeah just know that we always over here at Intellibank we always have our customer's back far as looking out for them so that's that's really the only reason that you got a notice was cause there was quote account activity but, you know, account activity as we I guess learned today, Ms. Zaragosa, isn't always negative. So I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. Is there anything else that that I can help you with?
No. Thank you. Thank you so much for the help today. I didn't get your name.
Oh, yes. My name is Josiah, Josiah Carpenter. You can reach me back at this number with the extension three seven two. so, yeah, if you ever wanna give me a call directly, also come see us in our branch we're located over in the West Hollywood area. I'm sure you live close by.
Yep. Yep, very close but OK just wanna thank you again Josiah.
Of course. No problem. Well you have a wonderful rest of your day Ms. Zaragosa.
OK, you too.
Yep.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Amanda, how may I help you?
Yes I called earlier to see if you could see any pending deposits on my account. I was just wondering if you could check my account balance for me.
Yeah, absolutely.
OK thank you.
Hey I'm sorry but could you give me your name and birth date again for me please?
My name is Jennifer Kashola and my birth date is eight six two thousand.
OK, could you spell your last name for me?
It's K A S H O L A.
OK great, and you said your birthday was eight six two thousand, right?
Yep.
OK, could you verify your home phone number for me please?
It's three zero four six six seven two nine four nine. And I also wanted to know if you could tell me what my balance is and what my last deposit was.
Yeah, sure. OK. Let me look that up for you. Do you happen to know your account number?
I don't know my account number.
Alright, that's OK. what about a driver's license number or an ID number?
I have my ID number.
OK Jennifer, what's your ID number?
OK, it's F eight seven three four four one.
OK I have F eight seven three four four one. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, and can you verify the answer to one of your security questions for me?
Yes.
OK what is your mother's maiden name?
Parsons.
OK, thank you. And you said you want to know your balance on your checking or savings account today?
My checkings account.
OK. OK give me just a second and I'll get that info for you.
OK. How's your day been so far?
been really good. It's been really slow here today. How's your day been?
That's good, mine's been pretty good too.
Great. OK Jennifer I have your balance for you. It's one thousand eight hundred forty-seven dollars and twenty-six cents. And you said you also wanted to know your last deposit right?
Yes.
OK, let me see what your last deposit was. It looks like you had a deposit on September fourteenth for five hundred and twenty-eight dollars even.
OK, thank you.
OK, are you signed up for our online banking yet?
No I'm not.
Alright I can give you a little bit of information about that now and then you can decide if maybe it's something you would like to do. we have completely free online banking. we have the Intellibank iOS and Android app that you could use. Or you could also go on our website on your PC. You can check your balance and all of your transactions daily, review your bank statements, and even make some mobile deposits. Do you think this would some be something that you would interested in doing?
Not today but thank you.
Alright Jennifer is there anything else that I could help you with today?
Actually yes. Could you also give me the balance on my savings account too? I'm sorry.
Oh yeah that's OK. No problem. Just give me just a second and I'll pull that back up for you.
OK.
OK let's see Jennifer. Sorry it's might take just a minute.
That's OK.
All right looks like your savings account balance is two thousand ninety-seven dollars and thirty-three cents.
OK, could you also tell me what the last deposit and last withdrawal was on the account too?
Yeah sure. OK give me just a second.
OK, it looks like your last deposit was on September second for a hundred and fifty even and your last withdrawal was on July the sixth for three hundred dollars.
OK, thanks so much for your help.
No problem Jennifer. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, I think that's it. Thank you.
Alright well you have a great day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Kasey Watkins, how can I help you?
Yes my name is Mack Wilson and I Yeah I need to update my email. I almost forgot why I called. It's silly but I got distracted my dogs are barking but I need to update my email on my accounts.
OK. Absolutely, and did you say your name is Matt or Mack?
It's Mack.
Mac. OK M A C K.
huh.
OK. All Right Mr. Wilson just to give you a heads up we this call will be recorded, and we are in a secured line and my name from full name as I said before is Kasey Watkins, and my agent is eight two five seven one four.
OK.
And so Mr. Wilson so I can access your account information can you please provide me the last four digits of your social security number?
Yes three four eight nine.
OK and what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is September twenty-seventh nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. And do you have your account number on you? Or would you like to answer our the security questions.
can I give you the security question please?
Sure, OK so we have two security questions. The first one is what was the name of the street that you grew up on?
it was called Miller Drive.
Miller. OK. All Right and then our second security question is what is the name of your first pet?
Her name was Peaches.
Peaches. Very cute. What what was that a cat or a dog?
It was a dog.
OK.
And actually, all of my dogs were named Peaches.
Probably you really like peaches.
I think it was the easiest name to come up with.
are you from Georgia?
Not at all.
But it was just something that my my parents did and they just passed it on so.
That's funny well peaches are good OK. So yes I do have those two questions answered and I am into your account OK, so I guess let's go ahead and verify all of the information on your account what is the current mailing address on your account?
It is twenty-five twenty-three Northridge Highway California, Texas. Seven five two eight two.
OK. I didn't know there was a California, Texas.
Yeah.
Very nice. OK, yes that is the that is the correct one we have on here. And then I have your phone number as two one four seven six two one one two nine. Is that correct?
Yes, yes.
OK. All Right and then so your email address on here I have as M dog Wilson at Gmail dot com. Is that not the correct one anymore?
Yeah, we need to update that.
OK.
It's M Wilson twenty-nine at Gmail dot com.
OK so that is M as in Mack. Wilson, W I L S O N. Then the number is twenty nine at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
Yes.
OK, perfect All Right so I've got that all updated in the system now I see based upon your your account that you are actually eligible for our account that you can actually get cash back. From the purchases you make with your debit card. right now you are on our standard account but it looks like for the last couple months you've maintained a balance of at least ten thousand in in this account. which allows you to earn one percent cash back on grocery and gas purchases. Is that something you'd be interested in upgrading your account to?
Yeah I would love of that, if I can you know shop and and make money at the same time be great.
yeah absolutely, yeah we we actually don't have there's no fee for this upgrade it's just it's just you have to maintain that minimum balance in order to get these rewards.
OK yeah. By all means. I I would love that.
OK definitely well yeah I can go ahead and take care of the upgrade on the phone if you would like.
That'd be great. Let's do that.
OK, and would you like to keep the same account number or would you like to just open a completely new account with this?
seemingly that I kept the same name of dogs I would like to keep the same account number.
OK you're a man of
Repetition.
Yes OK absolutely I mean that's what most people like but I would just just double checking. OK so all right. So let me go ahead and put this in your system. We're gonna keep the same account number and then you are just going to get it's called the cash back seek more savings account I mean sorry checking account.
Yeah.
OK.
And so then that's when you're gonna see that when you log into your online banking that it's gonna be renamed as that. And other than that you can actually it's gonna be your same debit card and you'll actually be able to start earning that cash back immediately.
Wow that's that's that's tremendous.
Absolutely and would you like me to also email you some information on exactly which purchases you get cash back on?
That'll be great to have a list. Yeah, that'd be awesome.
OK awesome OK well I'll email it to your new email address and did you have any other questions for me?
No that's it I appreciate it.
OK. No problem be on the look out for that email in the next couple of minutes, and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. how are you today?
I'm doing very well. Thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty well. been enjoying this weather. It's finally kind of cooled down a little bit. The the heat is . I think finally over. I think we're in the. You know the. The hoodies and and. Fires outside and. And that good nice fall weather. So I've been doing pretty well.
Awesome. It's so nice to hear that. I am also very happy that it's now fall. I tell you. This summer just about did me in. It was entirely too hot. And I live at the beach. So I'm used to the hot weather don't get me wrong. But the humidity was on just level one thousand it seemed like the whole entire summer. And it's literally just now starting to kinda wane off. So hopefully I'll be able to get out and enjoy me a a bonfire too myself we have a a firepit in the condos that I just moved into. So I'm really excited to. Yeah to get out there and have some s'mores and just take some music out there and just chill out and watch the fire. I really love a bonfire.
Oh that's awesome.
Yes, I I actually had a trip to the beach a couple of times this summer. And I couldn't believe how ungodly hot it was. I I can imagine.
Yeah. It was insane this year. And I mean. You know. We hear about global warming all the time but. It's become As far as I'm concerned, it's become impossible to ignore. I really feel like it has a lot to do with that. I mean, look at all these volcanoes that are exploding all the time and and then all of the fires out out west in California it's just insane!
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. It's it's pretty scary stuff.
Yeah. I'm definitely scared of what's gonna happen too if things don't change. And I'm so sorry we're just What did you say you needed me to help you with today?
Oh, I'm sorry. That's actually my fault. I didn't even get to the point. I was calling because cuz I need to money from my savings. To my checking.
That's OK.
Oh OK. I can certainly help you with that ma'am. I just need to gather some information from you. I know you said your first name is Kim. It's Kim not Kimberly?
Please.
right. Just Kim. And my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
OK. Thank you so much. And what is your date of birth? Kimberbye bye. Kim. Sorry.
That's OK. my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. Thank you so much. And I have to ask you your security question. what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
OK. Thank you. And what is the account number that you would like to withdraw from?
let me see here. OK. my savings account number is one one two one zero zero Zero five nine four.
Thank you Ma'am. And the account number that you would like to deposit this in?
yes. That's my checking. And My checking account number is. One one two. One zero zero. Zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you. And How much would you like to transfer?
five hundred dollars please.
Five hundred even is the dollar amount? All right. Bear with me just a moment while I get this set up for you.
Yes.
Sure. and also I wanted to see if you could tell me what the balance of both accounts are. once you're done all that.
Sure! I certainly can.
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
OK Kim. So I have made that transaction for you. I'm also gonna send an email to you confirming that. It should be in your email in about thirty seconds. If you don't mind checking that for me to see if you've received it.
yes. I did see that email come through.
OK. And the account balance The account. I'm sorry. Your savings account now has fifteen hundred dollars in it and twenty-two cents.
OK.
And the checking now has Five hundred dollars even.
OK. Perfect.
All right. And was there anything else that I can help you with today?
nope. That's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You're very welcome Kim. I hope you have a wonderful rest of the day. And enjoy this fall.
Thanks and you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose, how can I help you today?
Hi, Rose, my name is Kim, and I'm calling to check my account. I'm actually calling back. I called on Monday, and I just looked at my my account balance and I want to make sure a charge came off.
OK, I can help you with that. let's see here. OK, bear with my just one second. OK, Kim I would your last name as well.
It's Johns, J O H N S.
All right, thank you. And your date of birth?
It's four, twenty-four, seventy-seven.
OK, thank you so much. And can you also give me your account number that you're calling about?
thought I had that right here. hold on one moment for me please, let me grab that.
OK take your time.
OK, I have it right here.
All right, thank you so much. Go ahead.
the number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right, thank you so much. And Miss Johns, what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Davis.
Thank you. And the type of bank account that you're calling about?
it's my checking account.
OK, thank you so much. All right Miss Johns, I can see that you had called in the other day. And the charge that you were inquiring about has been taken off. bear with me just a moment. I just want to read through the notes just to make sure there's nothing else that I can take care of for you here today. And then I can get your account balance.
So, how's the weather been there? It's been crazy here. I'm up north, and we've had floods and all kinds of crazy weather.
Oh, my goodness, I've been seeing so much about that on the news. Are you in one of the areas that was hit the worst?
Yes, up in Massachusetts it's been pretty bad. There's been water laying you know, at least halfway up up cars everywhere, it's crazy.
Oh my gosh, that's what I was seeing. I saw it on the news and also on YouTube. just people in, in despair. Just, you know, cars floating by and homes destroyed. I can't believe it. It's terrible. I I actually live in the South, and We normally get some pretty gnarly weather down here too, around this time of year, but it's just been sunny and hardly any rain. I mean, we have had some rain from that last the last storm that came through. But nothing like what you guys are going through up there. I'm so sorry to hear that you're in the middle of that.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, thank goodness. Thank goodness you guys aren't having to go through it, too. Seems like so many people are affected and have been put out. It's just a shame. I don't know what's going on with this crazy weather.
I know. On top of everything else going on with COVID, you know, who in the world needs to be dealing with any other issues like this. so I I did want to tell you that I was able to find out in the notes that we've definitely taken care of that charge. looks it was a charge that you had disputed, so that has been taken off of your account completely. And you were calling about your balance, correct?
Right.
Yes. Yes, ma'am.
OK, so your current account balance is fifteen thousand, four hundred and seven dollars. Does that sound correct, the way it's supposed to be? That you're expecting? OK. Awesome, awesome. So happy that we were able to take care of that for you, Mrs. Johns. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes, that does.
I was interested in Do I just go to Intellibank dot com to set up online banking, so I don't have to call in and, you know, wait on hold? And go through that whole thing?
Yes, yes, that's exactly what you do. You go to Intellibank dot com and just follow the prompts. It's a pretty easy setup process. You just follow the prompts and it'll take you exactly to where you need to go to set up your account. the new account that you would like. I could help you with that today if you would like, if you would rather not do it online.
no that's OK, I'll go ahead and take care of it. I just wanted to make sure the the website address.
It was correct, OK.
Yeah.
All right. Well, Mrs. Johns, it's been a pleasure helping you today. Was there anything else that I could help you with?
no, you took care of everything. Thank you so much for your help, I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome. We value your loyalty at Intellibank and look forward to hearing from you again soon.
Thanks again, have a great day.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Madison. How can I help you?
Hi. Good evening. I need some help please.
How can I help you?
Well, I'm trying to find an ATM that's close to me.
And are you an Intellibank member?
Of course yes.
OK. Well let me go ahead and get some information here so I can pull up your account and then I'll be able to help you find a location closest to you. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. My name is Anastasia Hoffman.
Thank you Ms. Hoffman and can I get your account number please? let's go ahead and get your credit card account number that way I could pull it up?
OK hold on. I don't have that right here. Let me run and get my wallet.
OK.
OK so I got it here.
OK so my four four three three no wait wait if I'm trying to find an ATM machine why you asking for my credit card number?
Well is just one of the ways that we pull up your account. I'll be happy to take either your bank account number or a driver's license number.
OK all right. I can give you my bank account number.
OK. What's that please?
Four four two one oh nine eight oh no wait wait wait a second wait a sec. I'm so sorry let me start that again OK.
OK.
Four four three two one zero nine seven eight.
OK. Thank you ma'am. And I need you to go ahead and confirm your security question for me. you know we take your security very serious serious here at Intellibank so your question that I'm going to ask you is what is the name of your high school mascot?
My my the mascot was a mule.
A mule very good thank you so much. All right and so in order for me to help you better find an ATM nearest to you. What state are you in?
Oh I am in Connecticut. Where are you?
Oh I'm in Florida where our main headquarters is located.
Oh and how's the weather there today?
Oh it's great. Thank you. And weather with you?
Yeah.
Well it's actually getting cool. It's chilly.
Oh well that's well that is awesome. I mean we don't get really a fall weather down here but I've always wondered what it's like. I might have to take a trip up to Connecticut one time.
Well I think I'll come down to Florida cuz I like warmth.
OK so what's what's the name of the city that you're in?
Oh I'm in Stanford.
Stanford.
OK and can you tell me approximately what street you are in so that way I could go ahead and pull up our tracker?
Primrose Court.
Primrose Court.
You know you guys used to have an ATM in the Walmart near me.
Why did you guys move it out of there?
Well unfortunately our partnership with Walmart did come to a close but it's for you know it's more profitable for them because they want to go ahead and open up their own type of financial services anyways. We thought be good for us too. We could maybe offer more services so unfortunately Primrose Court is not near one of our specialized ATMs. We do have a partnership with Bank of America. that's right there there is a slight transaction fee if you go ahead and use you're Intellibank card to you access their ATM.
Convenient for me. Now I have to pay to use my ATM card.
If you do with one of our partners yes. Otherwise we do have a location. It's about fifteen miles away from where you're at.
Oh dear.
To where we can go ahead and get you to use on of our Intellibank ATMs without the fees and and in everything.
Well give me the address anyways. Fifteen minutes I guess is not so bad. Maybe it might someplace I can go once a week or so.
Well yeah and also it offers all of our full services as far as you know bank services. We can open an account. It's an actual stand alone facility with a drive thru and ATM.
Oh OK.
Yeah, it it's much better than the Walmart one anyways I mean we really were limited to just that small kiosk. So now you actually have an Intellibank full bank in your area.
OK that that's not so bad so I'm just let me give you the address then please.
OK so it is going to be eighty-seven fifty-three Grandview court. So eight seven five three grand Grandview court. Grandview court.
huh.
Now it is a shopping center. We are located in the center part. Of the shopping center.
OK. And it has the name of the bank right on the outside and everything.
OK.
Yes, ma'am.
So I shouldn't
Be able to miss it.
Shouldn't be able to miss it at all. Now, if you I am anywhere else in your area looking for one of our ATMs. We do have the ability to find both Intellibank and partnership ATMs in your area by using either our app or going online. Do you have either either one of those or have you ever thought about downloading your app.
OK. That sounds good.
You know I never downloaded the app but I do go online and check my account. But I never downloaded the app. Would you like to I got an iPhone. Do I just go the the app store?
Yes just go ahead and go to your Apple iPhone store and you can go ahead down and just type in search for Intellibank.
huh.
It popped right up download it and then you can go ahead and access anything there. You don't even have to sign in to find an ATM in your area.
OK that doesn't sound bad.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
You're welcome Ms. Hoffman. Is there anything else I can assist you with tonight?
No no where I'm good just I think that is good.
I know exactly where that is. I've been there in that area before. So you have a good evening OK.
OK. Well thank you so much again for calling Intellibank Ms. Kaufman. My name again is Madison. I hope you have a good evening.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you. Mm Bye bye
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Casey. How can I help you?
Yes, Casey. My name is CJ. Johnson. And I need to transfer some money from one account to another. I think one of my accounts is, is negative.
OK.
OK. Absolutely. I can definitely help you out with that, Mr. Johnson. I wanna go ahead and let you know that my my full name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four, for your reference. And this call will be recorded on a secured line.
Mhm.
Thank you.
And, OK. So, I've got your first and last name here. So to verify your account information can I please get the last four digits of your Social Security number?
Yes, it's five two eight nine.
OK. And what is your date of birth?
Date of birth is October second nineteen sixty-five.
OK. Perfect. And I've got your your accounts here and in order for me to pull all of the information on them, I need either if you want to answer your security question. Or if you can provide me with your driver's license number. Which is easier?
the security questions.
OK. so the security question is, what is your pets name?
Asia.
Asia.
Yes.
OK. Perfect. all right. So I'm in to your accounts. And so, OK, so first you said you think that one of your accounts is low. So it looks like you have a two different checking accounts with us and one savings account. so it looks like your, your savings account balance is ten thousand dollars to the penny.
And we have one of your checking accounts looks like it is, the one that ends in four four seven four. that one has fourteen thousand five hundred and twelve dollars and four cents.
Mhm.
And then your other account that ends in oh oh two one. yes, it does look like this one has a negative balance. this one shows a negative balance of ninety-four dollars and five cents.
Oh, yes, yes. I would like to make that deposit to cover that.
OK.
And so you would like to make that transfer. Do you want to make that transfer from your savings account or would you like to make the transfer from your checking account ending in four four seven four?
My checking account.
OK. And you would you like to just transfer exactly the ninety-four dollars and five cents to cover the negative balance? Or would you like to transfer more?
I wanna transfer just two hundred dollars to that account. I keep it open because I I just have to keep it open.
OK. Perfect.
Yeah.
Two hundred dollars. And you would like to make that now?
Yeah, yeah. As long as there's no fee. I mean I know thank God you all didn't charge me a, a overdraft fee. And I was, I was really calling and fretting over that because I, I, I know is was, that accounts been negative for a while. I was trying to figure out was I was I blessed to not get charged or something?
Yes, sir. so we actually have a policy for our customers that have been with us for five years or more. We have a policy you can have up to two overdraft charges waived per month.
And so since you, so since it was just one charge that brought your account negative to this ninety-four dollars and five cents then we actually waive that even though it has been negative for two months now. So we waive that for each month.
Oh, wow!
Wow!
Amazing. Thank you so much.
Absolutely. No and we understand that, I mean a lot of times people you know, dislike banks because of the fees. And so yeah we, we try to make sure that is you know, keeping those as low as possible for our members.
Yes, thank you.
Yeah, absolutely. OK, so I'm confirming the two hundred dollar transfer from your account, checking account four four seven four. to the account checking account ending in oh oh two one, immediately.
Mhm.
Yes.
Yes.
OK. OK.
All right. Perfect. All right so I got that executed for you. So then that will have, that goes in immediately so you now have a a positive balance in this account of one hundred and nine, wait I'm sorry.
One hundred and five dollars.
And ninety-five cents.
There we go.
We always got that, that thing they call a calculator too.
Sounds like you were trying to go off your memory. Which ain't wrong. I appreciate that.
I was trying to get to the right screen.
There you go. There you go.
OK. So it looks like I think we got that all taken care of. Is do you have anything else that I can help you with today?
Nope. You. No. I, I made the transfer that I needed to get my accounts back.
And just want to tell you all that you do a wonderful job. Thank you.
Absolutely. Thank you so much sir. And I hope you have a great weekend. And thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. How may I help you?
Hey Peter. How's it going?
it's going well. How are you doing today?
Oh I'm doing well.
All right. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?
Oh yeah sorry. This is Mina Bishop.
Mina Bishop. Hello Mina. How are you?
Oh I'm actually very excited.
Right. What's going on today?
I'm gonna need your assistance. We gotta do some wire transfer.
OK. All right. Where do we need the transfer the money? Is it internationally or domestically?
No, it's just here domestic. it's going to Berkshire Hathaway.
OK did you just purchase a new house?
I did! I'm a. Well, thank you. Hopefully first time home buyer.
Well, congratulations.
All right.
There you go. All the bills are gonna pile up.
Shbye bye. Do you have a. Do you. Do you have a mortgage person that you're working with?
Where? Here?
well we we offer mortgages at Intellibank so is that something that you would be interested in? Or.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know but it turns out I had to get a different loan and you guys don't do the Condotel so I had to go with a private lender but thank you.
Oh got it. OK. All right so Mina let me see Do you have your account number handy by any chance?
you know you're. You will think that I have all my documentations ready to go. Actually, I don't. what else can we do?
OK.
so go ahead and give me a current address or the address that you have on file with us.
it should be two hundred and sixty Maple Street Stowe New Hampshire nine one zero one one.
OK. All right and Mina your date of birth?
March twenty-seven nineteen eighty-four.
OK. All right so I found your accounts and then for security purposes the last four digits of your social security number.
One one seven four.
One one seven four. OK. All right. So I've got your account pulled up here and are we transferring out of your checking account or your savings account?
out of my savings account please.
OK very good and and what is the amount that we will be transferring?
I have to put twenty-five thousand dollars. Can you believe that?
I can believe that.
It's insane. five thousand.
It is.
All right so we need to wire twenty-five thousand dollars to Berkshire Hathaway. Correct?
Correct.
And we are pulling twenty-five thousand dollars out of your savings account.
Yes.
OK and do you have the routing and transfer I mean the routing and account number for the Berkshire Hathaway account that we're. It. I'm assuming this is your earnest money deposit? Is that correct? All right. OK, routing number please?
Yes.
Yes Yes.
Routing number. OK let me just make sure that I have it correct. That's the routing right? That's . OK. The routing number is two three one four five five one two two.
All right. You said two three one four five five one two two?
Yes.
All right. And the account number that we're wiring this money to?
It is nine one zero two one three five seven.
So you said nine one zero two one three five seven. Correct?
Correct.
All right. And we are making this wire transfer for twenty-five thousand dollars correct?
Yes my heart just is gonna break.
OK. All right so I have started to initiate this wire transfer so you should see that. It should appear in Berkshire Hathaway's account wire transfer account and I believe they have a separate escrow account that this will be transferred into and you can call them. Actually you should probably call your realtor. Is is Is your realtor with Berkshire Hathaway?
Yes.
OK so then you should probably call your realtor and have them follow up to verify that they've received it. and the confirmation for this is. Do you have a pen handy?
OK.
yes I do.
OK so the confirmation number for this is seven one one.
Oh, hold on. My pen's not writing. Let let me go grab another one.
OK.
No worries.
OK let's see this. OK this one's working.
OK.
Seven one one.
Seven one one.
Three five.
Three five.
Two five.
Two five.
Five six.
Five six.
Nine three two two.
Nine three two two.
OK and that's for the your wire transfer of twenty-five thousand dollars coming from your savings account to the Berkshire Hathaway escrow account. is there anything else that we can assist you with?
OK.
Are you guys?
Charging me any fee for the wire transfer?
yes. I'm sorry.
It's a fifteen dollar fee for a wire transfer.
OK can you just go ahead and take that out of my saving account please.
OK.
Perfectly fine.
OK.
And then is there anything else that we can do for you?
no I guess that's it. Oh actually can you tell me the balance on my saving account please?
yes so after this this wire transfer and the associated fifteen dollar fee you will have four thousand seven hundred and forty-five dollars and thirty-two cents.
And I'm all broke.
Easily.
What happens when you end up buying a house.
yes I am starting to figure that out very very quickly.
Yeah but it's probably better than paying rent.
Yes it is. That's why my parents are saying too. So.
All right.
OK. All right, Peter. Well thanks so much.
Sure. You have a wonderful day.
You too.
All right. Talk soon. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Dante. How can I help you?
yeah I'm calling in. I have recently moved and I need to go. Got a check in the mail and I need to go cash it.
deposit it in my account. I was just wondering if you could help me find a actual branch that I could go into.
Yes I'd be more than happy to assist you with locating a branch near you today.
first what I need to do is go ahead and verify some of your information, is that OK?
yes, that's fine.
Perfect. let's start with can I get your full name please and your date of birth?
Yeah it's Will Nelson. Date of birth ten nine nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you very much for that information. All right. And Let's see here. in order to access your account could I go ahead and get your mothers maiden name please?
Yeah it's Louis.
Thank you.
All right. And where exactly are you located Mr. Nelson?
well right now I'm in Newark, New Jersey.
OK. let's see here. all right let me pull up Newark. do you have a cross street or exact location of where you're at?
Well yeah. My home address is three five one two Snyder Avenue.
OK Perfect. Let's take a look here.
All right, so. give me a moment. I'm gonna put this information in and I'll see the closest branch that we have that you can walk into, OK?
OK. That'd be perfect. Thank you.
You're welcome.
How's the weather where you're at?
It's fine. Little chilly today, but not too bad.
Oh, yeah. It's cold here. Make you wanna pucker up when you walk outside.
I understand that. It's not too bad here. It's still in sixties, low seventies. Supposed to be for a few more weeks before the cold comes.
Oh, yeah.
Well it stays cold here almost year round, I'm telling ya.
I understand. All right, now here's what I found. so your saying you wanna cash a check so you wanna full branch. I do show one and located on Second Avenue. looks like it's about two and a half miles from your location. I also have one in the downtown area on Fifteenth Street.
The south . It's one two four South Fifteenth Street. And they also have where you walk in and and deposit.
your check.
And let's see here. It looks like there hours of operation at both locations are Monday through Friday from nine a.m. till five p.m.. And then the one located downtown is open on Saturdays from eight a.m. until noon.
Oh well that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Well you are quite welcome.
Let's see here. Now did you have any other questions that I could help you with today?
well yeah. Can you go ahead and just tell me what my balance is on my checking account?
Sure, I'd be more than happy to assist you with that information. What's your checking account number?
Oh. Give me one moment while I go find it, OK?
OK, thank you.
I'm sorry. I know I got it here somewhere but give me a few more minutes.
You're fine. Take your time.
Oh. Here it is. OK. It's three are you listening?
Yes, I'm still here.
All right. It's three nine, five seven, two two, seven nine, four seven.
Thank you very much.
Oh, I'm sorry that's wrong. It's three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven.
Oh, thank you. You said that's three nine five seven two five seven nine four seven.
Yes, that's correct.
OK, let's see here.
all right, so. looking at your account ending in seven nine four seven it looks like that you have a balance of three hundred sixteen dollars and ninety-two cents.
OK. Three hundred sixteen dollars and ninety-two cents?
Yes, that is correct.
OK. Thank you very much.
now Mr. Nelson have you ever considered online banking? Or mobile banking? I see that you have not signed up for either one of those services.
Well no. I you know. I just don't know how to do all that. I.
Ain't got the time for it.
Well I'll tell you what. I do show that we have an email address on file for you. If you would like, what I could do is go ahead and send you some information over on how to sign up for it. and all the and then you can do like find branch locations look at your account balance. find ATMs near you. and it'll. It'll When I send it to you, there will be a link. And when you click on the link it'll actually. If you're on your phone, it'll take you to the app store so you can download the app or if you're on your computer it'll take you to a direct link to the webpage.
And then it'll walk you through a step by step on how to sign up for the services. And again explore on all the services that are available to you.
And with that, the nice thing about it is, you don't have to worry about the hours of operation. And we also have a mobile check deposit. Where you can just take a picture of your check and then deposit it into your account where you don't have to go into a branch.
Oh, well that'd be awesome.
Yeah, can you go ahead and send me that? And the first chance I get I'll go ahead and try to sign up for it.
Absolutely. Now, the email address that I have on file is I A M T H E W U N at Gmail dot com?
Yes that's correct. I am the Wun. W U N at Gmail dot com. get it? W U N. My initial.
Yep. That's pretty good. W U N. I like that. Pretty creative. All right. So I went ahead and sent the email. You should receive it here in about fifteen to twenty minutes. and when you get a chance, you know go ahead and click on the link and you know, it'll walk you through step by step. If you have any questions whatsoever feel free to just go ahead and give us a call, and we'll be more than happy to answer any questions you may have. Or you know, assist you in any way we can.
All right. Well that's perfect. Thank you so much, Dante.
Oh you are more than welcome, Mr. Nelson and thank you for calling Intellibank. And you have a great day OK?
OK. Thanks, you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Well, I want to close an account but I also want to open an account.
OK. How can. let's see I can help you with that. Can you please give me your first name, last name date of birth, and, finally, your social security.
Well, my name's Jonathan Birch. I was born March fifth nineteen thirty five. My social is five six eight two three one five nine five.
OK, let's see, which account would you like to close? Checking or savings?
Savings.
Fine. OK, what do you want to do with the money once we do eventually close that account? Move it to a new account?
Yes, just just put it into the new account we're gonna to open.
OK, and what type of new account were you thinking about opening with us?
I'd like to open a personal account. A personal a checking account.
OK, will you want this just in your name or will there be someone else on the account as well?
Nope, just me.
OK, great. Well, let's start at the process right now. I need to put you on a brief hold, please.
OK, thanks for waiting, Mr. Birch. What is the phone number you want associated with this account?
Four oh five two three five six six eight nine.
And what would your address be?
my address will be seventy-six Mercer Way, Raleigh, North Carolina, two seven five one three. I just moved up here. Up here permanently. I'm gonna start a new job here I'm really looking forward to and
OK, great. I hope it is successful and that your move goes well. and you're happy when you get here. We sure welcoming you to our new area. OK, and let me set up the security questions to protect your account. And so that you can access it later if you need to. What do you want to use for your example? Your first job? Where you were married? First pet? Any of those can be your security choice option.
Well, , I'll just go with my first job. And it was a delivery driver.
OK, I will add that to your account. Do you require checks to go along with this account as well?
yeah I will. How long will it take to get them?
I will arrange it, but it will take about two weeks approximately.
That long, huh?
Unfortunately, that's about the length of time it takes. we have to have the checks produced through a third-party vendor and they have to process it and go through everything in it after we submit the request.
You know, it ends up taking about that long. hopefully, that will work for you.
I think so.
Any other questions, or things I can help you with?
Well, I can't think of anything. Oh, wait. When will I get my debit card?
OK, it will arrive in about ten business days. Anything else that you can think of?
not for now, thanks.
OK, and if you need any other services or help in any way, please feel free to contact us again Mr. Birch. And we thank you for calling and we hope that you have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, how may I help you today?
Yes ma'am. gotta make a road trip back up to Michigan. sister-in-law is in a hospital and so I'm just trying to find out possible ways I can get some money if I need it while I'm up there.
I'm sorry to hear that your sister is in the hospital. What state are you going to?
I'm headed up to Lansing Michigan.
Lansing, Michigan. And do you have a house address?
Well, our hospital address is twelve fifty North Packard that's P A C K A R D Lane.
OK. Lemme take a look and see if I can find any ATMs and or bank locations near that area. Once moment, please.
OK, thank you.
And I'm sorry sir, may I get your name again, please?
James Johnson.
OK.
OK Mr. Johnson. I have found that we do have a couple of branches up in that area. The closest one that we have to that would be eight four nine, North Packard Lane. We also have several sister banks that you can go ahead and take money out of your account as well from their ATMs. You'll find their little logo on the bottom of your credit card. Your debit card.
They. It will cost you two dollars per transaction for each of those fees. There are about three locations in that general area for that.
We also have a ATM in a. In one of the banks near it looks like Green Street and Maple right on the corner.
The address is seven fifteen, North Maple street.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Well, is the fee just for my reward card or the travel card?
The fee would be for, unfortunately, your reward card cannot be used in those ATMs. It would be for your traveler's card And that would be the fee for that one.
OK.
OK. So the rewards card would just be for the Intellibank ATMs?
Yes, sir. It would be.
OK. yeah, I'm hoping I don't really need. Cuz I'm gonna take some money with me but, just in case. I'd say, we found out she's in the hospital. So we're gonna head up and see if we can help out or with the rest of the family while we're up there.
I can understand that sir. hope everything will be good for you and blessings with the family.
Oh, I thank you.
Is there any~
Thing else I can help you with today?
No. I think that should be it. do the ATMs also take deposits?
Just for a moment. Let me take a look and make sure that all of these are full service for you.
OK. I see that the one on at eight forty-nine North Packard Lane is a full-service branch. So it will be able to take your deposits as well as any withdrawals that you may need. And unfortunately, our sister banks do not take deposits at their banks.
OK. yeah, that should that should help because that way if anybody helps helps out, we can, you know? Put the money in and have it have it available sooner or later. I think that should be about it.
I'm trying to think. Honey, can you think of anything else?
Sir, if I can get your account information, perhaps I can go ahead and set in that you are traveling. That way there would be no problems with you using your credit and or debit card up there.
OK.
If I can.
Yeah, gimme a second. I will grab my my bank card here.
All right. yeah. The card I'll most likely be using, four two zero six one seven three nine two eight six nine seven seven three zero.
And could I please have you spell your last name for me?
J O H N S O N.
OK. And may I have your birthday, please?
That's January eighteenth, nineteen sixty-nine.
And your mother's maiden name, please?
Smith.
OK, sir. I do have that account here. Gimme one moment and I will go ahead and put a note that you are traveling from.
Which state are you traveling from, sir?
Coming
I'm gonna be coming out of Virginia.
You will be traveling out of Virginia up to Lansing, Michigan.
Correct. So, yeah. if they see any transactions Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio that's most likely us.
OK, sir. I will go ahead and put all of that information into the screen here. Gimme one moment.
Everything seems to be in order, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
not that I know of. is there like a daily limit as far as what we can withdraw?
You can withdraw up to three hundred dollars per day. Per transaction and that is a thousand dollars per day.
OK. cuz that way make sure. I don't. I don't wanna be declined and and you know? Not know why. So. All right. Well, that should be it. I think hopefully, I won't have to, you know it pulls too much out cuz I'm gonna be taking enough with me I hope but thanks. Thank you for your help and hopefully this goes good.
Again, thank you for your.
Sir. Thank you for.
Thank you for letting me serve you today, I hope your trip is very successful. You have a blessed day.
And I hope hope you have a better day cuz it sounds like you're having long like I am. So, thank you again for your help and if I have any other questions, I'll give you guys a callback.
Thank you again for calling Intellibank.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. Whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Monica Galinski. Hi Peter.
Hi Monica. How are you doing today?
Oh I'm doing fine.
How can I help you?
actually I just moved into town and I'm having a hard time locating a ATM. for. For whatever reason I just can't find one.
OK.
can you help me with that and tell me.
I absolutely can help you with that.
Do you want to give me your address? Your. Your current home address? And I can show you. I can. Tell you where there are ATMs close to you?
OK.
Sure. So I'm at two seven four Bullfrog Road.
Two seven four Bullfrog?
Yep.
OK. Putting that into my computer. My computers running a little slow for the moment.
OK.
Looks like I'm pulling up two seven four Bullfrog Road. Is that. What state is that in?
Vermont.
OK. And what city?
Stowe.
Stowe?
Vermont. OK. It looks like we have A. A an ATM just down the street from you.
Really? I walked so many times. Like, is it in a. What kind of a building is it in?
Yeah.
It's actually in the Kwik-E-Mart on the corner of Bullfrog and Lilly Pad.
Is it outside? Or do I have to go inside?
It's it's right.
Inside the Kwik-E-Mart.
Oh. I. I. I never went inside.
So, and it looks like it's about fifty. Fifty yards away from you.
Is that the only one in town?
that is not the only one in town. We have, in Stowe we have three-hundred and forty-one ATMs in Stowe.
Well that makes me look like I'm a
Mhm.
There is a, a. Do you have the. The mobile app downloaded?
I don't.
OK. If you download the Intellibank mobile app there will be. You can use that and It'll take your location and tell you where the closest ATM is.
So in the future if you were. It'd be more convenient than calling me or waiting online.
OK. What if I use a different ATM? What are your fees?
What are our fees for if you are in the star network? There are no fees. if you are out of the star network it is two dollar fee per per usage.
Per transaction? OK.
Per. Yes.
Per transaction.
OK. I guess I'm gonna walk again to that store.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Actually, yes. Could you please check the balance on my account?
Sure.
OK. So. Can you give me your birthdate please?
February twentieth nineteen seventy-four.
February twentieth nineteen seventy-four. Alright. And your account number?
I don't know it.
Do you have a credit card number or anything else that can help me locate your account?
I do. Hold on a minute let me get it out.
OK. The credit card number is three four one one.
Three four one one.
One zero nine one.
One zero nine one.
Four four five two.
Four four five two.
Eight one-hundred.
Eight one zero zero.
Yes.
OK. And for security measures, what is the. What is your first pets name?
Momo?
Momo?
Yep.
And how do you spell that?
M.
M O M O.
M O M O. OK. that seems to check out too. OK. So, I have two checking accounts. And a savings account. Which were you liking the balance for?
The one. The eight one-hundred.
The eight one-hundred?
OK. That currently has a balance of one thousand, one hundred and twenty-three dollars and ninety-six cents.
OK.
OK.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
I'm just gonna get myself ready to walk down the street and find the ATM.
OK.
Well thank you for. Very much for calling Intellibank and we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Thanks Peter.
Alright. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Lisa. How can I help you today?
Yeah Lisa anyways I was talking to you earlier. I think we might've gotten disconnected.
Oh is this Jim?
Yeah this is Jim.
Hi Jim, yeah I don't know what happened. The call dropped off.
Yeah, I don't know I got horrible reception in this area Yeah I was calling to report that my card lost or stolen.
OK. Yes. That's that's what it was for. OK. I remember now.
OK. Yep I can definitely help you with that. We can get a complaint form filled out and sent off to the fraud department. Just need first and last name and date of birth.
Yeah that's Jim J I M jam J A M.
And your date of birth?
One nineteen of eighty-seven.
Thank you. can I please get your driver's license number?
Yeah that's one seven nine nine X X as in X-ray three six seven.
OK. And you have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
that was white.
Yes, that is correct. can you please provide me with the credit card number?
yeah, luckily I memorized it off the top of my head it was eight zero zero zero nine seven seven five one seven seven four two one zero six.
OK. I've got that here. Thank you. Please tell me the approximate date that you have lost your card.
before you do that I was wondering if you can how long is this gonna take to get another card?
it should take about seven to ten business days.
Oh man that's nanners I'm going on vacation. Is there any way to expedite this like can I get it quicker cuz I'm gonna be like jet setting off to the Caribbean.
yes we can overnight it for an additional I believe it's about twenty-five to thirty dollars.
Hey, whatever works cuz I I need that card.
OK. I will make note of that here on the account. And then we will just pull those funds out of your checking account? Is that that that's correct?
Yeah that's fine.
OK. And I'm sorry what was the date of the loss of your card.
what's last transaction I had?
I am showing a transaction from just last week on Monday the thirtieth.
OK. And that was at Jim's Famous Coney Dogs I think. Or was that for lunch?
Yes. That is what it shows the transaction business.
OK. Yeah yeah yeah, that's probably when I lost my card though.
OK. Let me document that here. OK. So I believe I've got all the required information I need from you what I can do is we can put a freeze on your card and I will send this form off to the fraud department they'll take a look at it, they'll review it and then, like we just discussed, you'll get your card overnighted to you for an additional fee and then you'll receive a letter in the mail from the fraud department letting you know you know this was taken care of. The card has been closed. and then should you have any questions, there will be a one eight hundred number on that letter.
And that number is?
it's gonna be one eight hundred two two two three two six two.
All right that sounds great. Thank you so much.
Not a problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been wonderful.
OK. And just real quick. You mentioned you're traveling out of the country. did you need a traveler's card or anything like that?
No.
OK. All right. Just thought I would double check. There's nothing else, then you have a wonderful day.
You too.
Travel safely, now bye bye.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose my name is Kim I have a question for you please.
Sure.
I am looking for an ATM that is closest to me, closest to home.
Oh certainly I can help you with that. I just have to ask you for a little bit information and we'll see what we can find close by OK?
Thank you.
You're very welcome. I did hear that your first name is Kim can you please give me your last name and your date of birth?
Sure my last name is Johns, that's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy seven.
All right thank you so much and also could I have your updated email address?
my email address is.
actually I'm gonna go ahead and give you my I think I have my home or excuse me my personal email address on file. but I'd like to change it to my work address.
cuz I check that every day and I don't necessarily check my personal one every day. So.
OK.
Sure.
my work email address is K Johns at Fibernet
Dot com.
All right thank you.
And oh and my telephone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five.
Thank you so much Miss Johns. And can you please give me your your address. That we have on file.
Sure.
Street address.
Sorry.
Sure that's forty-nine Holland Drive and the city state and ZIP is Philadelphia PA one nine one zero one.
OK bear with me just one moment while I see, look up what ATM would be closest to you. Bear with me just a few moments.
OK.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Let's see here.
OK Miss Johns. And it does look like the closest one to you would be at nine hundred Market Street. however, there is one that's a not very far from that if that one isn't isn't. There's been some problems there so I'm not sure if that one's actually up and working. there is another one that you could use. It's it's a Wells Fargo bank. However, you could still use it and and it's the same fee as if I'm sorry, the fee would be two dollars and fifty cents. So, it wouldn't be free like using ours but, you know, you would have to pay to use that if if the the location that I'm giving you is not working. OK?
All right.
Oh OK.
And that one would be at one oh one north Independence Mall East.
OK.
All right, and bear with me just a second let me just, let me look to see if that one is actually in working order. OK and Oh, it is working so you don't have to go to that other one. And I'm not sure if you know but the the daily withdrawal limit at bank is five hundred dollars.
Oh OK great. Thank you so much for that information. I, I was actually wondering what that was.
Awesome. And would you like any further information about how to find nearby ATMs on the bank website?
yeah that actually would be great. That way I don't have to you know, bother you guys calling in and everything.
Sure, no worries. A lot of people don't know that you can actually look look that up on our website. So what you'll do is go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and then you'll scroll all the way down to the bottom of the page and you'll see ATM locations.
OK.
You just click on that link and that will provide you with all of the locations within the state.
Oh great OK. Well thank you so much for your help today Rose I really appreciate it.
You are so very welcome. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no that was everything.
All right Miss Johns. Well it's been a pleasure helping you today, and I wanted to remind you that we are very very happy about your loyalty at our bank. And we value you as a customer, and if you have any further questions or need help with anything please don't hesitate to give us a call. Our hours are from nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And then on Saturdays we're open from nine a.m. to twelve p.m..
OK thank you so much for your information.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day.
You too hun.
Thank you. Bye.
Good morning, Intellibank, this is Amanda how may I help you?
This is Ranae Arnold. I was just looking over my account and it looks like my ex-boyfriend's still listed on my account.
And I wanted to have him removed. Well actually, I'd like to report my card lost or stolen first.
That's actually the main reason I called.
OK, no problem. OK, let's take a look at your account and get that taken care of for you.
OK, thank you.
OK, what is your full name and date of birth?
It's Ranae Arnold and my birthday is two twelve ninety seven.
OK and what's the last four digits of your social security number?
It's eight nine eight seven.
OK eight nine eight seven?
Yes, that's right.
OK and what is the address on the account?
It's nine one three Maple Avenue Richmond Virginia six two one three eight.
OK, do you know your account number?
No I don't know it.
OK, what about a driver's license or an ID number.
I have my driver's license.
OK and what is that?
It's F nine six six three four one nine.
OK that's F nine six six three four one nine.
Yes, that's right.
OK and is it your checking or your savings account you're calling about?
Checking.
OK and did you lose your debit card?
No but I think it was stolen. Well, the numbers may have been hacked or stolen on mine because I have charges on it that I didn't make.
OK and what charges did you see that you didn't make?
The first one was on September fifteenth or September seventeenth for twenty four dollars and ninety five cents. I'm not sure which date it is though.
OK, it looks like that one was on the fifteenth.
OK.
OK so, this charge looks like it was for a free credit report company. Did you make that charge?
No.
OK cuz sometimes people accidentally will sign up for these as a free trial and then get charged for them later.
No I definitely didn't make that charge.
OK, is there any other charges you didn't make?
Yes.
the next one was for fifty nine dollars and sixty eight cents for a company I've never heard of on September seventeenth.
Yes, I see that one too. OK, it looks like that one was to some kind of online cash transfer company
OK so if you didn't make this transaction then either someone may abuse the free credit report to gain your personal info and then they may have also made the second transaction to transfer cash into their account from your account.
Oh my gosh, what can I do?
well we definitely need to go ahead and cancel your card right away.
And then I will send these over to our investigation team to investigate these for you. OK and you should hear something back from them within fourteen days.
so if they find that they these were unauthorized charges then you may able to receive a refund for those two items.
OK, great .
OK, did you know your debit card number so we can get that canceled?
Yes.
OK and what's the number?
It's seven zero zero three five three seven zero six nine one one five nine seven three.
OK that's seven zero zero three five three seven zero six nine one one five nine seven three.
Yes.
OK, gimme just a minute to get that canceled for you.
OK.
Have you been busy today?
yeah, it's been very busy today for a Monday.
OK Ranae looks like I've got that canceled for you and did you want me to go ahead and order a new card for you?
Yes but can we get my ex off my account first?
Oh yes absolutely.
OK good.
OK and what is his name Ranae?
It's Matthew Cooper.
OK could you verify your security question for me?
Yes.
OK, what's the street you grew up on?
Twenty-sixth street.
OK and did you want to add anyone else?
No just remove him.
OK, I got him removed from your account.
Thank you.
OK let's see. Let's go ahead and get that new card ordered for you.
OK.
OK Ranae, looks like your new card should arrive within ten business days to the address you have on file.
OK, thank you.
OK, is there anything else that I can help you with today.
Nope, I think that's it.
Alright, well you have a great day.
You too.
Alright, bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I need some help with my account today. I would like to actually close it.
Oh sure. I can definitely help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions to get into that account. can you please give me your last name and your date of birth?
Sure. It's Johns. That's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. And your phone number?
it's seven one seven nine nine three zero eight nine five and my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com in case if you need it.
Thank you so much. And just a quick question it's Kim not Kimberly, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK. Thank you so much. And which account would you like to close?
my checking account please.
Sure. And can you please tell me that account number?
Sure let me see here. I have it right here. It is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much. And what is your
Oh, I'm
Sorry. it's Zero five nine five. I'm looking at it and still reading it wrong. So the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK. Thank you so much. And what is the reason that you would like to close your account?
I'm closing the account cuz my my job my company is actually contracting with another bank and they built a bank a branch down in the lobby of our building so it's really just a matter of ease of access. and I think as employees we get some sort of certain perks and stuff like that. So that's why I decided to go with them.
Well that's awesome. I wish we did something like that and can you tell me what the routing number is to the new account that you'd like me to put the you do want me to transfer this to another account, right?
Right, yes. I would like to transfer the balance left. I. I. What I'm what is the balance that's left in there?
OK.
your balance is three thousand five hundred dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK. Perfect. yes, I'd like to transfer the balance to
To this new checking account. and I have the routing number and the checking account number for them whenever you're ready.
OK awesome. I am ready for that routing number first.
Sure it's zero five five zero nine five seven five I'm sorry. Zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
OK. Thank you so much. And the account number that we're transferring it to.
Yes, that is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
All right. Give me just a few moments while I go ahead and process this transaction and get your account closed.
OK. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
OK Ms. Johns, I am back. I just wanted to let you know I've sent you out a confirmation of the closure of your checking account with us. And that will also entail the residual balance that was transferred to your new bank account.
Oh OK. Let me pull up my email and make sure that I got that before I let you go.
Sure.
Lemme see here had to turn off the notifications cuz there is you know million notifications coming in for everything email any type of spam coming through the most.
I go through the same thing on my phone. I know It's very frustrating, especially when you're trying to have a conversation. and you keep getting beeps in the middle of it.
Right. I just turn I was like turn them all off. I don't wanna know any of the notifications. Just forget about it all. OK I see the email here so perfect. Thank you so much for your help today, I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome. I just wanted to ask one more thing is there any further information that I can give you about any of our other banking products that we have available?
no not right now. I may look into it in the future though. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome and is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Nope, that's everything. You have yourself a great day.
Thank you so much Ms. Johns and as a member of the family we would like to tell you that we are very very happy with your loyalty and we hope that you continue to do business with us. Have a nice day.
Thanks and you too.
Intellibank. This is Samantha. How can I help you?
Yes, Samantha. I just need to make a transfer from my savings to my checking.
Certainly. I can definitely help you with that. Just give me a moment while I pull up my screen here and we can get the process started for you. All right, can I please get first and last name and date of birth?
Yeah, that's John White January first, nineteen eighty-eight.
OK. Can I please get your driver's license number?
Yeah. That's seventy-six three D D, as in delta dawn, nine nine seven one.
OK. And can I get the bank account number for which you're wishing to withdraw the money from?
Yeah, the savings is nine nine two seven nine.
OK. And the account number that you're wanting to deposit it into?
Twenty-three seventy-nine zero.
OK. And could I please get the dollar amount?
sixty-six dollars and sixty-six cents.
OK. Just gimme one moment here. Looks like you have a security question on your account. what is the color of your favorite shoe?
I don't know. purple?
I'm sorry. That's not the correct answer.
What do you mean it's not the right answer?
I'm sorry, sir. That's not not the correct answer that was provided when the security question was set up.
Well, what does it matter?
We need the extra security to help people.
Well, is there a way
Around that?
yes. Just give me one moment here while I enter in some credentials to bypass this.
Hurry up.
OK. can I please get the last four of your social security number?
Nine nine eight six.
OK, and then can I please get your street address?
Eight oh nine Brown Pumpkin Cove.
Perfect. And could you verify the last four of your telephone number?
yeah. It's eighty-six eighty-nine.
OK. All right. We've got that taken care of. I'm able to make this transfer for you. and it will show immediately on your. It will reflect immediately on your account. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, it it's fine. Just make sure the transfer goes through cuz I need to get that sent immediately.
Certainly, sir. I understand. And I apologize for the inconvenience with your security question. If there's nothing else, then you have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Douglas, how may I assist you today?
Hey Doug. This is Johan Duly, and I'm down here at the shop I got my Cadillac in here and It's got a leak in the manifold and they say they can fix it today but I got to get the money to them right now, before they can fix it.
OK. I can help you with that one possibility, was that it would be, that we can make a wire transfer from your personal account into the business account of the mechanics where you're there, if you can get that information from them, now I'll tell you what I'll need to make that transfer, I'm going to need a nine digit routing number and the account number for the business account that you would like to transfer the money into. can you get that information where you are?
yeah I, I can get that.
OK.
first let me collect some of your personal information and verify your identity. what is your name?
My name Johan Duly J O H A N, It's it it looks like Joe Han but it's Johan. Duly D O O L E Y.
OK. Thank you Mr. Dooley, and your date of birth.
My date of birth is February twenty-seven nineteen sixty-four.
OK. And I'm going to need an authenticating number from your your credit card number or your driver's license. I know you just said you didn't have your credit card but a driver's license will be fine.
OK. Just a minute. Let me look that up.
OK. I got it. You ready? It's Georgia eight two nine two seven five.
I'm ready.
Georgia eight two nine two seven five?
OK, and I just to confirm that this indeed is indeed Mr. Dooley, I have a security question what was the name of your first girlfriend?
Oh. My first girlfriend's name was Rebecca, and she was fourteen years old and we lived in the town of Augusta Georgia.
OK. That's Rebecca R E B E C C A that wasn't correct.
Oh. Well maybe it was my other girlfriend, Janet.
OK let me try that. OK.
Well.
We lived down in in Flora.
OK. yes sir. Thank you for that information and now we are, I verified your identity so we can proceed. first of all this is a domestic transfer and our dollar amount, our exact dollar amount is going to be how much?
That's below the net line.
One hundred and fifty dollars.
One hundred and fifty dollars, and you have the ten digit routing, the nine digit routing number?
hold on just a minute.
OK. I've got that number for you. Are you ready?
OK.
It is, two six nine three two four eight five seven.
That's two six nine three two four eight five seven. Thank you, and the account number where you're transferring it.
The account number is, eight five one five two seven.
Eight five one five two seven OK. OK that that looks like this is cleared. This account should be available at midnight tonight. So Is there another transaction that I could help you with?
Well if I wanted to do this for myself like could I just like, do I have to call the helpline?
we offer online banking at Intellibank, if you'll visit WWW dot Intellibank dot com you'll find all the information on online banking, and it should make easily much easier including wire transfers, internal transfers and other transactions.
Well if I do that are there gonna be an any fees, do you have a fee for online banking?
There are no hidden fees and no additional fees for our online banking whatsoever and our services are always free and secure.
OK. Well thank you I sure appreciate your help, and were gonna go ahead and get this manifold fixed and I think I can drive out of here today.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Ashley. How may I help you?
Yes. I'm looking for the branch banks' locations. Where you have the banks located at that's closest to my house.
All right. I can definitely help you with that. And what's the street address?
OK. It's three four eight, Longview Avenue, Colby Maine.
All right. So the city is Colby and the state is Maine? Correct?
Yes.
Perfect. So it looks like I'm showing three locations within a ten mile radius. Would you like to have the closest location or would you like to have those three location's addresses?
Oh, I would like to have the three of them that way I've got a selection if I'm out and doing errands.
All right. Not a problem. So let me go ahead, pull these up here. OK. So the first location I'm showing is going to be one one, two one Cunningham Boulevard in Colby, Maine.
OK. Great.
The second closest location I have here is going to be four seven one five Rodger Way, which is also in Colby Maine.
OK.
And the last location I have is gonna be at twenty-six forty-one Highway seven two seven in Witchita, Maine.
OK. Great. Thank you. Now I need to know I need the hours of the locations for each one of those if you don't mind giving those to me?
Yeah, definitely. Not a problem. So it looks like the two Colby branches, the hours are gonna be Monday through Friday nine to five, and Saturday, nine to one. And then, the last Wichita location is going to be Monday through Friday nine a.m. to five p.m. and they're going to be closed on Saturday and Sunday.
Oh, great. I need to know how I can make a a deposit through a cash or check. How can I do that? without going to the bank?
OK. So.
All right. So without going to one of our branches, you can go ahead and deposit a check through our app. Intellibank app. So you just go into the app store, type in Intellibank, you go ahead, download the app. Log into your account, your online banking account. And then you can go ahead and select to deposit a check in the account itself. All you have to do is take a picture of the check.
Oh, that sounds easy.
Oh, it's very easy. I personally use it myself. but if you're trying to deposit cash, we have locations of ATMs set up looks like all around Colby. they're in gas stations department stores it looks like. They even have standalone ATM machines and you can go ahead and deposit your cash in one of those.
OK. Do you have a close ATM location that I can go to that right off that you can think of or that you've got in your computer?
It looks like there is one standalone ATM that looks like it's within less than five miles from you. Would you like that address?
Yes, please.
OK, the address for that is going to be three two one Homer's Lane H O M E R S. And that's also in Colby, Maine. And it looks like this one is going to be right outside of a FedEx. It's in a standalone location next to the FedEx building.
Oh, great. I know where that's at. That'll be easy. Oh, I appreciate it.
Perfect. Was there anything else that we can help you with today?
Yes, can you check on my bank balance for me if you don't mind?
Not a problem. And I'll just need to identify your account. So can you verify the name on the account?
OK. It's Donna R. Danforth. It's D A N F O R T H.
Perfect. And Donna, what's your birthday?
Three twenty nineteen eighty.
All right. And what's the authenticating ID on the account?
D six three six dash three four five dash five two eight dash one one six.
Perfect. And it looks like we have a security question on the account. It's what street did you grow up on?
Lexican. Lexington Street.
Excellent. All right. So I went ahead and verified the account for you. which type of banking account is it that you're calling about?
Oh, it's my checking account.
And do you have that checking account number handy?
Yes, I do. It's seven nine, six two zero zero one, two two three.
Thank you so much. So I went ahead and pulled up the account here, and it looks like the current balance on the account is going to be three thousand seventy-four dollars and twenty-two cents.
Oh, great. Thank you. I appreciate your help. You've given me all the information that I need to know for right now.
And was there any other account balance you'd like me to check while I have this open?
No, I just have the checking account with you for right now until I decide to open a savings account.
Perfect. And did you want some information on our online banking so that way you can check the account balance yourself?
Sure. Why not?
OK. So if you go to our website Intellibank dot com, you can go ahead and register for an online banking account. Once you register, you can go ahead and monitor all the accounts that you have with us. You can do view the balance, you can also update any personal information. And you can go ahead and deposit that check that we talked about earlier. OK?
All right. Great. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
My pleasure. Was there anything else that I could help you with Donna?
No. Nothing at this time. Thank you.
All right. Well, I just want to say thank you for being a customer of Intellibank, and you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right. You too Ashley. Thank you.
You're welcome. Bye bye.
Thank for calling Intellibank. I hope you have are having a wonderful day. How can I help you?
Yes. my name is Mike Jones and I would like to transfer money from one account to a customer's account at Intellibank. And at the same time too I wanna close an account.
OK sure. I can definitely help you out with those two things Mr. Jones. in order to log into your accounts could you please verify the last four digits of your social security number?
Three seven seven three.
OK perfect, and what is your date of birth?
September eighteenth nineteen sixty-eight.
OK perfect. Mr. Jones thank you so much. And this call will be recorded on a secured line so I just wanted to give you a heads up with that and let's see here. OK. So I am into your account information. OK so first you said you were looking to transfer money from one account to another customer at our bank?
Yes.
OK.
Yes my daughter. My daughter banks there and I wanna put some money in her account.
OK definitely. That's very nice of you. Can I be your daughter? No. OK perfect. So Now I see that you have two different checkings accounts and then a savings account. which which money. Which account did you want to take the money from?
Thank you.
the account that ends in two two seven seven. I wanna transfer five thousand dollars to her account.
OK. OK and then tell me your daughter's full name.
Her name is Jennifer Johnson.
OK.
OK. Got it. And what is her date of birth?
Her date of birth is May eighteenth nineteen eighty-two.
OK. Got it. And OK. I do have her account information pulled up here and would you like that transfer to go through immediately or would you like us to schedule it?
Is there a fee if it goes immediately?
No.
Oh. I would like to go immediately.
OK perfect. OK so let me go ahead and schedule this transfer for now in the system. OK. It is done. All right so five thousand dollars from your account ending in two two seven seven transferred to Jennifer Johnson's account. She just has the one checking account so transferred it to that. So that will be. She will have access to those funds immediately so she can go ahead and spend them as necessary.
Right. Good.
OK and then I believe you said you had another reason for your call?
Yes I have an account that I never use and I wanna close it and I wanna take the remaining balance and put into my main account.
OK. And OK so your main account being this two two seven seven?
Yes.
OK. Perfect.
I believe.
That account is two two eight seven. I don't use that one often. If we can take the money from that transfer it to two two seven seven and then I wanna close that account. will I receive some type of documentation confirming that the account is closed after this this call?
yes absolutely sir. We so yes I do see that the secondary checking account that ends in two two eight seven so yeah it looks like right now there's a a balance of fifty-two dollars and seventeen cents in there. so yeah what I can go ahead and do is transfer that money immediately to your account ending in two two seven seven and then what I'll have to get you to do is do sign some papers to actually officially close the account and unfortunately we don't have the ability to do that either over the phone or electronically so I would have to get you to come into a branch to completely close the account. and so would that be OK?
Yes.
OK perfect. OK so what I'll go ahead and do is do you authorize me to execute this transfer of the money from two two eight seven to the twenty-two seventy-seven?
Yes.
OK.
OK that is done. So those funds are now available as of as of right now in your two two seven seven account. that additional fifty-two dollars and seventeen cents. And then do you know where the closest branch is to you?
Yes. Not too far from my my my job. So I'll I can go there.
OK.
OK perfect. OK so yeah so we are here today until five p.m. and then on Saturday tomorrow we will be open from nine to twelve or you can come any day next week of course.
Awesome. Thank you.
OK perfect. is there anything else I can do to help you today?
Nope that's it. You helped me tremendously. Thank you.
OK no problem. Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Emma. How can I help you today.
yes hello. I need to make a wire transfer please.
OK, sir before I can complete your request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
All right. Can I have your full name and birthdate please?
yes. My name is Keon Williams. My birthday is five two one nine seven four.
All right. So you say your first name is Keon. Is that K E O N?
Yes.
Williams.
Yes.
And your birthdate is five two nineteen seventy-four?
Yes ma'am.
OK sir could you give me your authenticating number of your drivers license or credit card please.
yes my driving license number is six one nine five two sorry about that six one nine five two four six nine six.
All right again that number is six one nine five two four six nine six.
Yes, and my phone number is area code eight seven oh seven seven two ninety-three eleven.
All right sir, thank you for that could I get the name of the street you lived on as a child for security purposes.
Yes. The name of the street I live on as a child is thirty-two oh four West West street.
All right. That's correct.
All right sir, so you want to make a wire transfer?
Yes ma'am.
OK. What is the account type you would like to transfer from is it checking or savings?
checking please.
OK. Could you give me the number on that account please?
yes. It is it is five one four three three six seven zero seven eight Oh oh. I'm sorry that's the that's the wrong number.
All right.
sorry about that. It's five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
All right sir. So again that number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Yes ma'am.
OK. One moment while I log onto your account.
OK. Your current balance on that account is five thousand. What was the amount you wanted to transfer?
I'd like to transfer fifteen hundred please.
OK.
OK. Sir in order to do that transfer, I need to get a little bit more information also.
All right.
Is this gonna be a domestic or international transfer?
domestic.
OK. Could I get the recipients first and last name?
First and last name, Derrick Williams.
OK.
Is that D E R R I C K?
D E R R I C K E.
All right. Thank you sir.
OK. Could I get the city state and ZIP code.
OK. city state city state and ZIP code?
Yes sir.
It's right here. The city is Peoria Illinois.
ZIP code six one six oh two.
All right.
Six one six oh two.
Yes.
OK. Do you have an email address?
Yes. D W at Gmail dot com.
OK, and what type of account are you going to be transferring to?
This is a checking .
OK. So you are going to transfer into your so into your recipients checking account. Hey could I have the routing number for that account.
Yes.
The routing number is zero one four five six two seven eight zero.
OK, and that number was zero one four five six two seven eight zero.
Yes.
All right and can I have the account number please?
Yes ma'am the account number is six six three one one five zero zero five zero.
All right and again that account number is six six three one one five zero zero five zero.
Yes.
OK, so sir we have some options for you would you like that delivered same day as in today by the end of day at five p.m. , the next day or within three days. There is a transfer fee for each one of those selections if you wanted same day, it's gonna be thirty dollars for next day, it'll be ten dollar fee and if you would wait three days it's gonna be a three dollar fee.
and same day is same day is fine.
All right so you want that same day.
Yes.
All right sir, just give me one moment while I handle that transfer for you.
All right.
OK, sir I have initiated that transfer. You stated that you wanted it delivered same day with a fee of thirty dollars. So the debit from you account should be fifteen one thousand five hundred and thirty dollars.
And you should expect that by the end of the day in the accounts. You can contact them and make sure that that is processed. You can also contact the bank and make sure that is processed and debited from your account I have a confirmation number for you if you would like that sir.
Oh. No no that's fine.
All right sir. would that be all for you today?
Yes.
All right. Well thank you very much Mr. Williams for your time and patience. Again my name is Emma. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Connie. How can I help you today?
yes. Hello. I need to make a transfer from my savings account to my checking account, please.
OK. I'm gonna have to ask for a few questions to verify your account information before I complete your request.
OK.
let's start with your full name and date of birth, please.
my name is Jimmy Locks.
Is that Jimmy with a Y?
Yes.
And Locks, L O C K S?
Yes.
All right.
And my date of birth is twelve twenty-three nineteen seventy-four.
OK. And that's twelve twenty-three nineteen seventy-four?
Yes, ma'am.
Could you tell me your Driver's License number, please?
Yes. My Driving License number is six one nine five two four eight six nine. And my phone number is, Area Code six oh one six six seven sixty-seven thirty-seven.
All right, Mr. Locks. let me verify that driver's license number with you, it's six one nine five two four eight six nine?
Yes.
All right. And could you tell me, for security purposes, what was the name of the street you lived on as a child?
I stay on kinda hard to remember, nine oh eight North Monroe Street.
All right. North Monroe Street. That is correct. That's what we have on file here. All right, sir. So you said you wanted to do a transfer?
Yes.
For your savings account?
Yeah. From my savings, please.
All right. From your savings to your checking?
Yes.
All right could you give me that account number on your savings, please?
Account number on my savings is five eight six zero nine five six four.
All right. Let me repeat that back to you, sir. It is five eight six zero nine five six four, you said?
I'm sorry, I left out a number.
OK.
OK. I'm gonna say it back over. It's five eight six oh nine six one four four.
Six one four four. OK, so, five eight six zero nine six one four four. OK. All right, sir. So the current balance on that account is twenty-three thousand five oh six. What was the amount you wanted to transfer?
Yes.
Yes.
Wanted to transfer just five thousand, please.
OK. And you wanted to transfer five thousand into your checking account. Could you give me that number please?
Yes, it's five eight six zero two four three seven seven three.
All right, again, sir. That number was five eight six zero four three seven seven three?
Yes.
All right, could you give me just a moment while I handle that transaction for you.
OK.
OK, Mr. Locks. I have transferred that five thousand from your savings to your checking account. That should actually be within that account within the next between now and the next two hours. Usually takes only a few minutes, but sometimes there's little hiccups. So, again, don't feel pressured by that. It should be in your account.
OK.
OK. You said in the next few hours?
Yes, sir. Within the next two hours. Mkay. If you don't see that transfer, actually in your account, just call back and let us know. Sometimes there's a little issue with it, so we make sure we'll handle that to correct that and get that money in your account as soon as possible.
Two hours? All right.
OK.
All right, sir. I have a confirmation number for this transaction. Would you like to write that down?
Yes.
OK. That confirmation number is two zero five.
All right.
Five five three six oh four nine.
OK. Got it.
All right. is that all you wanted today, sir?
y~
yes, ma'am.
OK. Well thank you again, Mr. Locks, for your time and patience. Again, my name is Connie and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Becky. How can I help you?
I need to check the balance on my account.
OK. I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I get your account number please.
Yeah it's one eight nine. Two seven three one seven two five.
Thank you and your name?
Sandra Scott.
OK Sandra. And for your security can I get your date of birth?
Two eighteen ninety-two.
All right. Thank you very much. And I need some more information from you an authenticating ID , this would probably be your, yes let's see here. It says your driver's license number please.
yeah. Let me grab that. OK. It's six six one seven five four two.
Thank you. And lastly the answer to your security question. Looks like your security question is, Mother's maiden name.
My mother's is Michaels.
Michaels. OK. Thank you very much. OK. So you said you wanted to check the balance, I show the balance of your account right now is one thousand five hundred eighty-two dollars and ten cents.
Well hold on. What what was the last transaction? That doesn't sound right because I checked it the other day and it was more than that. What was the last transaction?
The last transaction was a purchase at Adam and Eves. For ninety eight dollars.
Adam and Eves! I have never even been to that kind of store. What. That OK. I'm the only one with this card and I did not go to that store and I know my husband does not have my card and he did not go to that store so I know that store is not. Nope nope. No. That is not my purchase I. No, we're recording right now. How do I get rid of this? I want my money back now.
OK. Well I can help you with that, so what we would do is we would dispute this transaction. So let me just ask you, you stated that your husband. No so your husband is a co-account holder on this account so
He would not
Go to that kind of store without me knowing, and I have not gotten any surprise gifts, so no, he did not go to that store.
OK. So.
I
Have a tracker on him, and I had see here he has not been at that location. OK.
OK so let me help you with this, let me just dispute this amount. and
When will I
Get my money back? I want my money back now. And I. How do I get rid of this? Who has my card? I only have one card. Can people make duplicates of my card?
Well it might have been. Sometimes what happens is a number is punched in error and so it might not be a criminal thing, this could be just an error this purchase.
Well could someone have taken my card, used it and then brought it back or could they have written down the number and just given them the card. This is very frustrating. I. Why does your company allow this to happen. This is very frustrating.
well I'm I'm sorry that you feel that way that it would be frustrating. To
I don't want that kind of business on my account.
Have a charge
I don't blame you, I wouldn't want that on my account either honestly but what we will do is we will dispute this transaction and then this will go to the Transaction Dispute Department and they will pull up they will request the signed.
credit card purchase slip. So the receipt.
Well do I need to go into that store cuz I I mean I know where it is but I don't want to go in there. Do I need to go and get this done or do you send your people to do it?
Well we don't actually go into the store what we'll do is we'll just do it from online. We'll request a copy of the signed.
OK. Cuz I.
I can't leave the house. I'm on house arrest.
OK. Well, you won't need to leave the house. We'll do all this on
And that's why I
Know I did not go to that store.
Yeah that would be. That would yeah, that would definitely if you. If you can't leave then you would know if you had left.
Exactly.
Or at least your ankle bracelet would have.
Well.
OK. So let me go ahead and dispute this and what will occur is it will take three to five business days for the Dispute Department to look into this and decide if this was a legitimate purchase or not and I know you all ready said it wasn't legitimate but they will look at that and then once they decide it wasn't a legitimate purchase they will credit you back the funds. So you should expect once they have reviewed this transaction and shown that it is not legitimate they will refund you the money back on to your account. And that might take another one to two business days.
We're looking at a week here to get my ninety. this is this is ridiculous. I didn't make this charge. I want my money back now.
And I I understand that you didn't make the charge and you want your funds back immediately, but we do have to go through certain steps so the next step is for the Dispute Department to investigate this.
Now what are you gonna do to stop. Cuz what if this person still has my number or is making purchases, am I. Can I still use my card or you. What are you gonna do to stop this?
I'm gonna lock your account so your account isn't closed it's just locked while we investigate.
All right, fine.
So that will be done and like I said you should have an answer from the Dispute Department in the next three to five business days. Having your funds back within the next one to two business days after that. Is there anything else that I can help you with on your account?
No, I don't think so, unless you can give me my money back right now I guess that's all I can ask from you.
Yes, unfortunately, I can't give you your money back right now. We will have to wait for the Dispute Transaction Department to investigate but If that was it then I thank you for calling Intellibank and for being a faithful Intellibank customer.
Yep. Bye.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank. This this is Susan.
H~
hi Susan. Hey I I got a problem with a guy on on my credit card.
Hi.
And who am I speaking with?
this is Justin Cramer. Cramer with a C.
OK Justin so what is your problem with your card?
The guy the guy didn't ever ship it. Well he shipped it but it was garbage when it got here. I couldn't even use it. It was all busted up and he just I mean I don't know the guy but I think he's a crook.
Are you talking about a credit card charge?
Yeah. Yeah he a guy ordered something right? I even talked to the guy or I talked to one of his people anyway and then he and he says yeah it's coming, it's on its way and it got here and oh man I think I can't even doesn't even fit. It doesn't even even fit and it's like in eight pieces. What a the guy I don't know if he's a crook but I think he's a crook.
Have you spoken with the man and told him how it arrived?
He.
won't even answer my phone calls now all right. I mean I can be a little ornery, I get that. But hey you can't just steal from someone. Anyways he shouldn't get. I don't. I don't want. I want that money back.
OK now did you send any kind of information to the company?
Yeah I talked to him on the phone. I probably talked to him four times. . It is a simple thing. It's just got to fit in the. Well it's not. I don't want to get into all the details but it got here and it's it's It's like he got it in China or something. It's just It's garbage. It shouldn't be garbage. It's not a. It's not. And he's not even answering my cabye bye. Did I tell you he's not answering my calls? it's.
OK so would you like to dispute that transaction?
Well I yeah I guess I'm disputing it. I guess cuz it he shipped it. Did I tell you he shipped it and it was garbage when it got here. It was all busted up. I think it was like in in twelve, ten pieces. Something like that.
Well OK I can help you with that. We can dispute that transaction. and I want to get a little bit of information from you first.
You know I.
told him. I told him I know people at the bank. You can't do this.
OK. I'm I'm sure we can settle this for you and we'll take care of that. What is the bank. What is your. Justin what is your full name?
It's Justin Well you don't need my middle name. Actually I just got a initial. Well anyway it's Justin Cramer and it's C . Not K. C. Cramer.
OK Justin. Date of birth? What's your date of birth?
Well I was born December thirteenth, nineteen sixty-two. Of course I don't remember it but that's when I was born.
OK Justin. And what's the last four digits of your bank account number?
of my bank account number or the credit card?
The you your bank account with us.
Oh. It's six zero two eight.
OK I I needed that to to verify your identity. And while I have you on the phone I would like you to I'd like to set up a security question with you that we can later on identify you, verify your identity quickly.
All right.
What street did you grow up on?
Oh yeah. It's funny, funny but I grew up on Old Harbor Road. But you know what? In my town there were no harbors. That's the funny thing about that. But it was Old Harbor Road.
OK. All right I have that down. so Old Harbor Road?
Yep.
OK that's great. All right now could you please Could you please identify the date and the amount of the transaction that you that we're talking about today?
Yeah it was let's see. It's I I it's on the credit card statement. I said what is that? yeah it's October nine this year of course, and and the amount it was eight hundred and twelve that's what I'm saying. This this guy he's he's something else. You don't just take a guy's eight hundred bucks. Eight hundred and twelve dollars and then and of course fifty cents at the end.
OK and you want to dispute this?
Yeah.
He shouldn't get that. That's ridiculous. He can come get this garbage.
OK so why do you want to dispute it?
Did I tell you it was broken in like twenty-five pieces?
OK so what you're saying is the product that you paid for was shipped to you and it and it didn't come in usable condition.
Usable? Use up a landfill, that's about it. Yeah I couldn't use it.
But you did receive it. It just it was not.
Yeah, it was trash when it got here.
And you tried to contact the company but they would not help you
Yeah.
As soon as he hears my voice, I don't know why this happens, but he hung up.
OK so he did not offer to refund your money or for you to ship the product back?
I don't know if you ever heard this expression. He didn't offer diddly.
OK.
And the real expression is another word after that. I'm not saying it cuz you're in a bank.
OK. Appreciate that. all right so the amount Can you give me the amount again?
I gotta get it. It's like eight hundred and fifty-three dollars and twelve cents. Something like that. Eight hundred and Well you can see it on the card there. It's the only eight hundred and fifty-three dollar and twelve cent charge there.
Right.
OK and what let's see. What date did you the date was again?
Yeah. It's the same date I got. You that down. it's It's it was it was October thirteenth and or October ninth. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks.
Ninth. Here I have it.
OK. Great. Yes.
I I have it here and can you give me just a few minutes and what I'm going to do is I'm going to write up something to the fraud department and I'll get right back to you.
All right. I don't wanna call the guy a fraudster but you know he didn't he didn't do his what he was supposed to and it's almost a grand and that's a lot of money for me.
No I understand but it the fraud department is the the department that will handle this situation.
Oh.
OK. That'd be great.
OK hold on please.
All right. Thank you.
You still there?
Yes I am Justin.
All right. Just making sure.
OK just give me one more minute.
Sometimes you know they play music. I don't hear hear any music.
OK yeah no cuz I'm still here. or I'll inform you this is what we're going to do I I wrote that up to the fraud department. They're going to investigate. They will contact the seller and if we have any other questions we'll get back to you.
You do you have actual police working in that department?
well they're they're people that can work with the police.
OK.
Now what is your. I'll need your email address that we can communicate that.
All right. Well you.
Got my name. It's Justin Cramer and then it's it's the the circle sign, the at sign, and then Gmail.
OK Justin. Justin Cramer at Gmail dot com?
Oh yeah and then dot com yeah.
Great. OK well we will. You'll hear from us in about a week we'll determine the next step and we will get back to you
So he's not g~
He's not gonna get away with this is he?
I have no idea. That's all up to the fraud department. but usually if you didn't get what you paid for.
Can can.
I. Is it possible I talk to the fraud department right now?
No this the they have to investigate with the information that I give them.
Oh OK.
Do do I have all the information that I need to give them?
Well.
I told you it came busted out in like thirty-five, forty pieces right? And then and then he hangs up on me whenever I call I don't know why. a lot of people actually do that. But he did it and I didn't I didn't appreciate it cuz he got my money. He's did I tell you how much it was? Almost a thousand dollars.
Yep we have that. And what was the product that they shipped you?
Well it was a tool. I don't know if you ever did any any wire inverting but well see what you got is you got you got different sized wires and then it's it's when to put them together you need this machine right? but it's a very delicate machine of course and you're not supposed to like throw it off the back of the I think that's what they did probably is they threw it off the back of the truck and then they realized they were at the wrong address and they probably did that five or six times till they got my address and then it's all busted up.
Did the company itself ship deliver it or did they use a shipping company?
Beats the hell out of me. I don't know. I just got here and it was like sixty pieces all in this box all it's like they put it through a grinder or something.
Well OK Justin is there now other than this issue here with that you had with the charge that that you don't feel you should pay.
I don't feel? . Of course I shouldn't pay. I'm thinking it was like a hundred pieces.
I'm not gonna pay for it. I I mean I realized I already didn't pay for it but I want my money back. You still. You still there? What was your name. Susan? Susan you still there?
yes I'm.
Sorry I'm still here.
All right so that. Is that it? You're gonna You're gonna get the fraud department looking at this. This is good. I
OK Justin. I have all the information and is there anything else today that I can help you with?
No.
You'll be on my. You'll be on my Christmas list if you can solve this. This is this is big for me.
Oh.
We'll do what we can to help you. Well it has been a pleasure working with you today and like I said you should hear from us in about a week. And OK is that good?
That's great. All right. Thanks very much.
Thanks. Bye bye.
Bye.
My name is Alex. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you, sir?
I'm John Andrews.
I'm having issues linking my bank card to Amazon online shopping.
OK, Mister Andrews. what's your date of birth?
Tenth of March nineteen eighty-six.
OK, sir. Please the sixteen digit code on your card.
Four nine one six.
OK.
Six eight six three.
OK.
Two one five eight.
OK.
Seven zero zero nine.
OK, sir. OK. A moment, sir.
OK. Just checked sir. Oh, we have technical issues linking Mastercard to shopping malls. please, if you do if you don't mind, do get like a Discover or a Visa card. That might help you actually.
no problems.
Sorry for the inconveniences. Is there something else you would like me to do for your, sir?
No. Nothing for now.
OK, sir. Do you have any other account you wanna check?
Nope.
OK. Thank you very much for contacting Intellibank. Do have a nice day, sir.
You too sir.
OK. Bye.
Yeah.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
I'm John Andrews. I ran a wire transfer and the recipient has yet to receive the fund.
OK. Sorry about that sir.
what's the date of birth, sir?
Ten of March nine eighty-six.
OK, sir. What's the bank account number?
Four three nine six four five seven zero nine one.
OK, sir. What type of bank account is that?
Checking account.
OK. I'll be really quick, sir.
Oh, sir, oh. From our end, the transaction was successful.
Probably, the issue is from the recipient's bank, sir. please do exercise patience as some of these might be delayed due to congestion or issues with the network or something. Please give it some hours or days then you call back.
Is that OK with you, sir?
All right. No problems.
OK. Thank you very much, sir. Do have a nice day.
You too.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. What can I do for you today?
Hello, how's your day going?
It's going well thank you. I hope yours is too.
mine sure is.
Great. so how could I help you today?
I know there's a charge on my travel card but I'm not sure where where it came from? And I don't want it I don't want it there.
Oh I see. So you noticed an unknown charge on your traveler's card. It sounds like you're looking to dispute a transaction. Is that right?
You are correct. Can you help me?
Sure. Let me pull up your account so I can check that charge. May I have your account number?
hold on a second, I need to grab my checkbook.
OK. Are you ready?
Yes.
It's two one two three four five.
Thank you. before we continue I need to verify some information for the security of your account. May I have your full name?
James Forest.
Date of birth.
March first nineteen eighty-one.
And for your your security question. What is the name of your first pet?
Sulieman.
Thank you. Can you tell me the date and the dollar amount of the transaction you're looking to dispute?
I'll see here. It was charged on September fifteenth and the amount was nine dollars and fifty-six.
it was from some company called Billy. I never purchased anything from that before. I don't even know what that is.
Oh I understand. is it possible someone had access and made this purchase.
No. No one else has access to that card or account.
OK.
do you have any regular memberships, or subscription fees for this account?
No.
and have you tried contacting the business that made this transaction.
I tried emailing them but it's been a few days and I haven't heard anything so I decided to reach out to you guys instead. Can you tell me what happens next?
OK so first I can't confirm that I have all the necessary information to process the dispute. What happens next is the transaction will be investigated by our fraud department.
do you know how long that'll take?
Well I honestly can't provide a specific time, but in the meantime we will go ahead and freeze this charge.
OK. Well that's good to know.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. Can you tell me how much money is in the account associated with my card?
Sure. It looks like the current balance is seven hundred and forty-five dollars.
OK nice, thanks.
My pleasure. Thanks again for calling Intellibank.
Hello good afternoon. This is Pretty LaPalmer for Intellibank. How may I help you please?
Finally! Wow, I've been trying to reach you guys for a long time. You know, I just moved into my area and I been I been trying to do some banking transactions on my with with my phone and it has been giving me issues, so I'm trying to see if I can get a branch of your bank that's around here someplace.
I want to know how I can get my account balance and statement of account and all that. Look I'm finding it difficult to do that.
All right sorry may I get your name please?
My name?
Yeah.
David.
OK Mister David.
David. David Sinister.
Mister David where do you stay please?
OK, my address?
Yeah your street address.
OK I stay in New York. Three hundred Oakwood New York.
OK. we have a branch at around two fifteen Accord Avenue.
Wow.
And they operate from nine a.m. to five p.m. at that branch, so you can visit us there to check whatever you need to check or for any other thing you need our bank service to do for you please.
OK. That's good though right now I want to know about my account balance. What's in my account? Do I still have money? I I don't know because right now I'm tired.
OK we are we are getting there please can I get your first name sorry, and your last name please?
Yes David.
OK David.
David Sinister.
OK Mister David, what's your date of birth please?
OK February twenty-fourth nineteen eighty-one.
All right. can I get your social security number please?
Oh boy here we go again. I thought you guys can check that thing online or something. OK hold on. OK here it is. Three four five.
OK.
Six seven two.
OK.
Eight nine one.
Can you call it out again please?
Three four five eight seven two eight nine one.
All right can I know what the account you're checking please?
OK it's a savings account .
All right. All right do you mind I ask you some security questions?
No go ahead.
OK what street did you grow up in please?
OK, I grew up in California yeah actually I just moved in. One one five three Notformaser Avenue in Los Angeles California.
OK, what's the name of your first pet?
Yes.
Oh, that's my dog. His. His name is Bruno. I love that dog. I miss him.
OK.
He actually died, so
Oh sorry about that.
Yeah.
OK can you hold on a second please?
OK.
Oh man.
Do you mind calling your bank account number for me please?
My account number?
Yeah.
Zero zero two.
OK.
Four seven two.
All right.
Six three four two.
OK. Can you call it one more time please?
Zero zero two.
OK.
Four seven two.
OK.
Six three one two.
All right.
OK your account balance is around eight thousand dollars four hundred and fifty cents.
Whoa! I got money! Yeah! Are you for real? I'm rich! I am rich! Woo hoo! Are you serious? Are you kidding me right now? Are you sure that's right? Please say it again. Please call back the amount again let me write it down. I need to tell her right? Yeah!
We have eight thousand dollars and four hundred and fifty cents.
Wow! That's that's much!
do you mind using our online banking? It will help you check your account details or for eventually you want to transfer money or whatever you want to do. You can use all our online banking. I think it would be more convenient for you.
Yeah I think so too because you know but but you know the the thing about this whole thing is this you know getting you guys on on the phone takes a lot of time and takes a lot of stress you know? So I don't know. I I think I need that account your online banking thing, and how do I go about that? How do I get it? Do I please. Please explain to me.
OK, you
Can check on our website and download our mobile app.
OK.
It should just be on your phone or any gadget you're using so you can easily access your account information is through that.
OK.
So once I get the website I can get all I need to do. I don't need to talk to you I just, everything is gonna work out just like that for me right?
Yeah, you don't need to talk to me, but then you can still check our bank closest to you in case you have a problem accessing the bank app.
Or the online banking. Like I said, we have a branch at two fifty Harcourt Avenue.
Yes, the two fifty, yes.
Just the. Just the walking distance from my house. Well I think I should do that cause I think it's better for me to see one of one than you know, meet somebody that hasn't you know that I don't see one of one so I think I should do that. Yeah I think so. do you have any, do do do you have any other packages for me like if I travel out the country and I'm not somewhere far? Do you, do you have any other package for me that I can use? Maybe like my my card can work I know that in every bank?
Yeah sure. It can. We also have the traveler the traveler card that you can use. It will, it will really help gives discounts gives discounts so you can use it for hotels and for bill payments and all so you can, you can access our travelers card by like I said, check out the branch closest to you.
OK.
.
Thank you very, very much. I think I've. I've gotten all I need to get. I love your branch. I love your bank! I love your bank!
You're welcome.
Thank you.
All right madam Take care. Bye.
All right. All right. All right.
Thank you for banking with us.
Thank you!
All right. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name?
Yes. Marsha Steven.
OK. Date of birth.
One one nineteen sixty.
OK. and for security purpose can I get your driver's license or state ID?
Yes. OK. P G one three three seven four eight.
OK. All righty. Also for security purpose can I get your email address?
Yes. Pineapple hint at Gmail dot com.
Hint. H I N T?
Yes.
OK. Gmail dot com and how can I help you today?
OK. Oh wow. I want to close my savings account.
OK. wanna close your savings account. All righty. We can do that. Can I get the savings account number?
Yes. Eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
All righty. And do you want to put the rest of your savings into your checkings account?
Yes.
OK. can I get you to confirm your checkings account as well?
Oh, OK. Eight eight two two one zero zero four three five five nine eight.
OK. All righty. Now were you gonna transfer your savings which had the balance of three thousand eight hundred seventy-seven dollars and forty-eight cents?
Yes.
OK. And we're gonna put that in your checkings account.
Yes. Now there's no fees or anything for me closing this account, is it?
No.
Oh, OK.
No. You can close any account at any time.
Oh, OK.
So how's it going today?
You are
Oh, oh no, it's fine. just another day at at work. Just another day at work.
Yeah. Are you getting excited for winter?
Holidays?
No. I'm I'm OK with the winter cooler weather but long as we don't get no snow I'm I'm I'm perfectly fine with that.
Now see that's the thing. Christmas, I want snow. Not too much of it. Just a little snow.
Oh, I'm off then. Then that's fine. That is fine then. know as long as it's melted by the time that they call me back for work that's fine. That's perfectly fine then. OK. Miss Stevens just quick inquiry. you do have they the online app?
Right.
Yes.
On your.
Phone? OK.
Yes.
Just checking. Make sure because once we do this you will be getting a email stating.
OK. Now.
Can I? So when I do close this account that information will be off of it too, right?
mhm.
Yes.
Yeah. OK.
Yes.
OK.
everything. Like I said we we will send you a email of everything that we done right here.
Oh, OK.
The balance in your checking account should update within the next one or two hours. Now sometimes it's faster sometimes it's slower All right. Depending on how the system reacts, but right now your savings is actually closed.
Oh, OK.
Oh, OK.
OK.
And I'm sending you a confirmation of that right now to your email.
All righty.
and your current balance of your checking account is now ten thousand six hundred eighty-five dollars and ninety-two cents.
Oh, OK. Great, great.
OK.
and if you have anything again check the app. If you don't understand it, please doesn't it. Don't hesitate to call us. is there anything else I can help you with?
no, that's about it.
That's about it?
Yes.
OK. Well, you have a lovely day Miss Stevens and thank you for calling Intellibank.
OK, Jake. Thank you. Appreciate your help.
No problem. You have a good one.
All right. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. What can I help you with today?
yes. Hello. I'm calling about. I need to dispute a charge on one of my accounts. Can somebody help me with that over the phone?
Absolutely, I'd be happy to help you with that. first of all, let me get your first and last name so I can look up your accounts.
OK. No, problem. my name is Sara, S A R A. Dunning, D U N N I N G.
OK, Miss Dunning. Thank you for that. I'm also gonna need your date of birth.
OK. oh eight, oh seven nineteen-eighty.
OK, wonderful. And one last piece of information to look at your accounts I'm going to need your driver's license number. Can you give that to me, please?
I actually, so I don't have that memorized. I have that in my purse upstairs. If you would just please hold on for a second I'll I can go up there and get it. It'd just take me like a couple seconds, can you do that?
Absolutely, ma'am. Take your time.
OK, thank you. I'll be right back.
OK. I'm back. Are you there?
Yes, ma'am. I'm right here, did you find your driver's license?
yes, I did. So, the number is two one two, zero six, zero seven, one three.
OK, and thank you very much. Lemme pull up your information. So you said you're disputing a charge is that correct?
yes ma'am. And that's gonna be on my credit card.
OK, and I hate to do this to you, but I'm gonna need one last piece of information to take a look at your credit card. May I please have your mother's maiden name?
yes, that's easy. Martin, M A R T I N.
OK, let me open up that account. One second.
OK, while your opening that up, I just have like if. I know like sometimes businesses like they take suggestions and I know like everyone's trying to go paperless and save money, you know, for the environment. You know what I'm saying?
Mm, yes, ma'am.
Well, I didn't know if I could make a suggestion, but like I use online banking like all the time. So every day when I go out to my mailbox, you guys send me like fliers and and paper telling me about your promotions and stuff. Like I think if you wanted to save money and help the environment, you could just not send that stuff in the mail cuz I just throw it in the trash. And I just you know, I just thought I'd make a suggestion.
Oh, OK. I see what you're saying, ma'am. I can I can make a note of that and send it to the main office. And I'm sorry that we're sending you so many you know, materials. But that is a very good suggestion and thank you for making it. OK, I have your account here opened. And it looks like.
Well, actually, OK. tell me exactly what charges you are disputing?
Oh, OK. No problem. it's for the June sixth. Or no, wait a minute. It's for.
Oh, I'm sorry. June twentieth. twenty twenty-one. I have two charges. They're exactly the same for fourteen dollars and ninety-nine cents to a company called Robux. I did make one of those purchases, but they charged me twice. So I need to have that second one taken off.
OK, ma'am. I see exactly what you're talking about. I see exactly they were made a minute apart. And if you only did one, it looks like the company just made an error. Luckily, on this account, you're a gold member.
So, that means you have like built-in protection. I'm going to make an account, a a note on this account. I'm gonna flag that second charge. It's gonna be investigated and it's gonna be taken off. You're not gonna be responsible for paying it. You will see it for the next fourteen days, but you will not be expected to pay it. It's just part part of this program, it'll just have to be investigated. That's just part of the procedure. So let me go ahead and make notes on that.
OK, no problem. I'm just sitting outside enjoying this nice weather. It is just beautiful where I live. The sun is out and spring is sprung.
That's wonderful. it is not the same where I'm at. It's a little chilly. It's gray, and it's been raining on and off all day.
Oh.
So, lucky you.
Yes, lucky me. I'm enjoying this day before they're all all gone.
OK, Mrs. Dunning. I have made the notes on the account. I have went ahead and had it flagged to be investigated. And you will not be responsible for the second charge. is there anything I anything else I can help you with while we're on the phone right now and I have your accounts in front of me?
no. I think that's gonna be it. I think I'm just gonna go outside and enjoy the rest of this day. I do appreciate you helping me out and I do appreciate you waiting for me to find my my driver's license.
Oh, no problem, ma'am. thank you for calling, and I'm glad I could help you today. And you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Shawn. How can I help you today?
yes my name is Paul Butler B U T L E R and my son he went to Las Vegas on vacation and he lost all his money and I need to try to get him some money I guess. what is the daily withdrawal limit on an ATM?
the daily withdrawal limit on our ATMs is twenty-five hundred dollars sir.
Oh, OK that's not gone be enough. well how am I gonna get him some money? can I, can I do a a wire, one of those wire thingies?
A wire transfer sir?
Yes, a wire transfer. Can I do that?
I could absolutely help you with a wire transfer sir. Can I. Can I have you verify the name on your account for me please?
OK.
Paul Butler.
And your date of birth?
October thirteenth nineteen forty-one.
All right thank you sir and for security the name of the street that you grew up on.
Six seventy-one Redwood Road.
Thank you sir. I've got your account pulled up. All right and you said this is in Las Vegas where you're transferring to so is that going to be a domestic wire transfer?
Yes.
All right and can I get the account number that you want to transfer the money from and the account number that you would like to transfer the money to?
OK, this is my savings account number. Eight four one two five nine nine four four four and his checking account number is seven three four oh seven zero zero one one eight.
All right sir and the routing number for that account? For his account, sorry.
It's nine seven three one four one nine eight nine seven. and the address is one sixty-two Wagon Drive, Athens, Georgia, three zero six oh five.
All right, thank you sir. I've got that information in here and how much money were you wanting to do that wire transfer for?
Eight thousand dollars.
All right, not a problem sir. I can go ahead and set that wire transfer up. Give me just one moment here where I fill out the rest of this form and I will get that submitted.
Is there a fee for that?
there will be a ten percent fee for wire transfers sir but the wire transfer will make that money available in his account instantaneously.
OK, that's good. Well I hope he don't go spend that money, lose it then he will be in a pickle.
I understand sir.
I I just need to drive out there and get him.
Yes sir. Sometimes that that does seem like the only solution, doesn't it?
I I don't know if you're married or not or got kids but they're hard to keep up with.
Oh I can imagine sir. All right I've got that wire transfer input for you and if you will just verify the last four of your social security number for me I will get that submitted.
Three one seven five.
Thank you sir. I've gone ahead and placed that wire transfer and you can go ahead and notify him that that money should be available in his account right now.
All right I I appreciate it.
Absolutely sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Don't think so.
All right well thank you for being a loyal customer at Intellibank and there will be a survey, if you hold on the line, to let us know how we did today . And if that is all I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening.
All right, thank you.
Thank you. Have a good night.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Tiffany. How can I help you?
Yeah hello. This is Chuck Mangione.
Hi Chuck. What can I do for you today?
Oh I'd like to report a lost or stolen credit card.
Oh dear. Yep That. I can help you with that for sure. Just need to get a little bit of information from you. I need to get your full name and date of birth.
That's Chuck Mangione and my date of birth is June twelfth of nineteen eighty-six.
OK. Can I please get your driver's license number?
Yeah hold on. Let me get that out of my wallet. That's seven six three X, X as in X-ray, nine nine seventy-one.
OK. and it looks like you have a security question here on your account. what is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh that's easily pink.
OK and can you please provide me with the credit card number that was stolen?
Yeah sure. that's zero zero one two nine nine nine seven three nine seven six two two four two.
All right. Yep that appears to be correct.
And can you approximate the date of the loss?
Yeah I went to go check my wallet this morning and it appears to be missing so I'm assuming it was last night.
OK. Let me get that written down here. OK. Do you know what your most recent transaction would have been?
Yeah that was at the Hotel Day Ocean last night.
OK. Do you know about roughly what the amount was for?
Well let's see. How much did she charge? Oh that was about sixty-eight dollars.
OK. I think I have collected all the information that I need. What I can do is you'll have to fill out a form sign and date it, return it back to the bank. in the meantime I can freeze your card and we will get a new one sent out to you here shortly. You should receive that in about seven to ten business days. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah come to think of it since I have to come in anyways I was thinking about setting up a savings account.
Oh sure. So you'd like to open up a new account?
Yes.
OK I can definitely help you with that as well. OK. Just need a little bit more information from you. Just we'll go through the whole rigamarole again just to make sure I have all the information correct to set up your new savings account. OK can you please provide me with your first and last name?
That's Chuck Mangione.
Your date of birth?
That's June twelfth of eighty-six.
OK. and you're wanting to open up the savings account, correct?
Yes.
OK let me get that marked here for you. OK and you'll need to provide a security question. Would you like to use the same security question as you are currently using on your checking account?
Yeah sure.
OK so I will leave that as that one. Let's see here. OK. Can you please provide me with your address?
Yeah that's twelve twelve U North Labrador Street San Diego California nine two zero eight six.
OK. I'm showing a different address on file here for you.
Oh was that mbye bye. what address do you have on file?
it looks like I have six twelve North Twelfth Street San Diego.
Yeah we could use that cuz that's my secondary address for my work so we'll just use my work address.
Are you sure you don't want to update to your.
No that's OK.
OK. and then let me see here. What else do I need? Did you want to deposit any money into this savings account today?
Yeah what's the minimum to open it?
the minimum balance needed is a hundred dollars.
Then we'll put two hundred in there.
OK and are you wanting to put that in from your checking account?
Yes that's correct.
OK. I will go ahead and make that transfer. OK is there anything else I can do for you today?
No you've been really helpful. Thank you.
All right. Well I appreciate your call today. I am sorry about your lost card. Like I said you'll be receiving a new one in the mail, seven to ten business days. Your new savings account is now open and active with a deposit of two hundred dollars and if you have a paper and pen I can provide you with the new account number.
Yeah here let me grab a pen.
OK your new account number it's seven five zero zero one.
All right that's I got that written down. Thank you.
All right. You have a great day now.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Amy, how can I help you today?
yes I'm calling to check to check on my savings account.
All right so you want to check the balance on your savings account?
Yes.
All right I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
Oh.
could I have your first and last name and date of birth?
Yes my name is Peter Johnson. and my and my birthday is twelve twenty-four nineteen sixty-five.
All right and that is Peter Johnson date of birth twelve twenty-four nineteen sixty-five?
Yes.
All right.
Could I have your driver's license number please?
yes. Just a minute. It's OK six one nine five two four nine six eight.
All right that number is six one nine five two four nine six eight?
Yes.
All right could you verify your current address with me please?
I have I have a old one and a new one I don't know which one you have on account. my old one is let's see. twenty-three fifty-two Maxwell street. And my new one is twenty-eight forty-two Park Place.
All right Mister Johnson we have the twenty-eight forty-two Park Place on file.
OK.
OK. and what was that ZIP code?
ZIP code zero six zero four zero.
All right that is correct Mister Johnson. All right and you said you wanted which account did you want to check?
the checking please.
OK so you want to check the balance on your checking account.
Yes.
All right could I have that account number please?
my checking account number is five eight six zero two four three seven seven three.
That was five eight six zero two four three seven seven two?
Seven seven yeah seven seven two. How about that?
Oh.
All right. Your current balance is one thousand five hundred and sixty-three dollars.
OK.
did you need to know any information about current transactions or.
Yes I wanted to know about a new savings account.
did you want to open a new savings account?
Yes.
OK just give me one moment. you currently have a savings on file. Did you want to open an additional account?
Yes I wanted to open another one.
All right let me process this information right quick. It'll just take a moment.
All right thank you.
OK Mister Johnson you will be getting some more information in the mail about this new account. did you want to set up a transfer to set up funds in this account?
yes. How do I go about that?
OK I can do that right here. your new account number is five one four three three six six oh one five.
OK.
And you'll be getting some information in the mail. I'm also going to give you a transaction code. which account would you like to transfer funds and what is the amount of the transfer?
Yes my savings. I don't know how much I have in there at the time.
OK let me look that up for you right quick. what was the savings account number?
eight six zero nine five one four four one.
OK that was five eight six zero nine five one four four one?
Yes.
OK let me check that account for you.
All right Mister Johnson your current savings account balance is five oh nine.
OK.
So how much would you like to transfer to this new account?
A hundred and fifty.
OK. You would like to transfer a hundred and fifty from account number five eight six zero nine five one four four one to your new account five one four three three six six oh one one?
Correct.
All right let me just get let me just do that for you right quick and then I'll give you your transaction code.
All right Mister Johnson your transaction code is zero seven five five D six three eight nine A.
OK I got that.
All right so as I told you before you'll be getting a little information in the mail about your new account. once you get into that information you can all. It'll also be set up online for you with your other account information. If you want to check it you can go through there. Or you can call up and give us another call back.
All right.
OK is that will that be all for you today sir?
Yes ma'am that's it.
All right thank you Mister Johnson for for your time and patience. My name is Amy and enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. You too.
bye.
Good morning. This is Anita Parker from Intellibank. How may I help you please?
Good morning, Anita. How are you doing today?
I'm very well.
How's the day going?
Very well.
OK.
I was trying to pick up a few things online and I couldn't. I don't know what the problem may be.
OK. Do you have a problem transferring?
Exactly. I have a problem transferring.
OK. May I know the account type you wanted to transfer from?
I. It's a savings account.
OK. May I know how much you wanted to transfer?
five thousand dollars.
Well the savings account has a limit of three thousand dollars transfer. I think that's why you couldn't make the transaction.
Wow, wow wow. So so what can be done? Could you help me with it? I need to do this transfer. It's very important.
Yes I can.
do you have any other accounts, like a checkings account, with us?
Yes. I have a checkings account.
How about I help you transfer the money from your savings to your checkings, then you can make your payment?
Yeah that will fine because I know that the checkings account. I don't have enough to do that transaction. So if that can be done that'd be wonderful. Could you help me with it?
Alright. I will need the. The details for your account. Can I know your first name and your last name, please?
OK. The name is Brown. Brown is the surname . And the first name is James.
OK, Mister James. can you state your date of birth?
seventeenth of September, nineteen ninety.
Can you give me the last four digits of your social security number?
that's four three two one.
A security question.
That's fine.
What's the name of your first pet?
Cactus.
OK. Can I have the account number for your savings account?
OK. zero zero two six, four three two one, one one zero.
OK.
Can I have the account number for your checkings account?
Yes. Four six two one, three four five two, six.
Can I have the routing number for your savings account please?
OK. Triple two, four, zero eight three two one.
OK. May I ask how much you will be willing to transfer from your savings account to checkings account please?
let's do five thousand, five hundred dollars.
OK. this will take a while though but you can hold on for a sec.
That. That. That will be fine by me.
OK. We just made a transfer from your savings account to your checkings account. You will get a notification.
OK. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for it. I hope the notification won't take so long.
No. You should have gotten a notification by now.
OK. That's fine.
Your current account balance for your savings account is two thousand five hundred and Twenty. Two thousand five hundred dollars and twenty cents.
That's. That's OK. Think I have that. It's correct.
How about the checkings account now, what do I have in it?
You have nine thousand dollars and fifty cents.
That's fine. That's fine by me.
OK. Would you like to asses our online banking service to help you better next time?
I. I would have loved to. How do I go about it?
OK. You can log into our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com.
WWW dot Intellibank dot com. One word, right? Intellibank. One word.
Yeah.
That's Fine. OK.
Or
You can also download our app.
From any play store. The Intellibank app it will help you for your Intellibanking.
From.
That's fine. That's fine. I will do that immediately.
Alright. Is there any other thing you want us to do for you please?
for now I think I'm fine. It was nice talking to you. Thank you very much.
Alright. Thank you for banking with us. Do have a lovely day.
Thanks.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sara. How may I assist you?
hi Sara. I tried to make a purchase just now and my card was declined. It said insufficient funds. Which I don't understand because I know I have enough money in my account. I just used the card too online and had no problems.
I see. I'm sorry that happened. I would be happy to have a look at your account and check your balance for you. May I have your first and last name please?
Yeah. My name is Rebecca Selkirk. It's S E L K I R K.
Perfect. Thank you very much Ms. Selkirk. And may I please have your account number?
Oh, yeah. Hang on just a second. Let me go get my wallet.
Sure, no problem.
Oh, I know it's in here somewhere oh, here it is. it is six one four four five zero one two eight.
Great. Thank you so much. And for the security of your account, Ms. Selkirk, can you please verify your date of birth for me?
Yeah, it's February second nineteen eighty-one.
OK, thank you very much. And if you'll just bear with me for one moment while I bring up your account.
Yeah, OK.
I apologize. Our system has been a little slow today.
Oh, no problem at all. I'm actually waiting in the car for my husband. He's in the pharmacy picking up a prescription so I've got a little time to kill. You know like everywhere else, they may be understaffed because this line is crazy long.
Oh gosh, it is so bad everywhere right now.
I know. It really is.
Yeah, I hope things get back to normal soon.
Yeah, me too. I am so tired of this.
I hear you.
OK, here we are. So, I have your account details pulled up here Ms. Selkirk. And for the security of your account, can you please verify your mother's maiden name?
Yeah, it's Baker, B A K E R.
Great, thank you so much Ms. Selkirk. So, your card was declined.
Yeah.
It it said insufficient funds.
Right. Which
And that's really odd because I should have more than enough money in that account to cover the purchase that I was trying to make.
I see, gotcha. OK, would you like to hear your savings account balance as well as the checking or checking only?
I guess let me hear both because I thought You know I thought I had under draft protection.
Oh, over draft protection?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, overdraft protection. Excuse me. I, I thought I had that linked to my savings account. So if I did have insufficient funds in my checking it was supposed to pull from my savings and I know I have plenty of money in my savings account but I should have enough in my checking too. also, can you tell me if I have a fee for that, the overdraft, overdraft protection?
Absolutely. Well, we can definitely check that as well.
OK, thank you.
Of course.
So I do see here that you do have our overdraft protection feature linked to your savings, so that's great.
OK, awesome.
And as for your balance as of today, September eighteenth twenty twenty-one, you have three hundred and ninety-three and eighty-three dollars in your checking and you have a hundred and nineteen oh one in savings. I don't see any pending transactions and I don't see any declined transactions. and you do not have a fee for that overdraft protection. So that's great.
Oh.
I'm so sorry. I accidentally muted you. Could you repeat those balances?
Oh, sure, no problem. let's see here. In your checking account, you have a balance of three hundred and ninety-three dollars and eighty-three cents and there is a balance of a hundred and nineteen oh one in your savings.
that is really strange.
Yeah, I'm also showing no pending transactions and no declined transactions. How much was the transaction for?
It was like like fifty-five something. I don't know not much and that's why I not understanding why .
Right. yeah, I not showing any declined transactions.
Well, that's weird, OK Well, I guess, thank you for your help.
Yeah, absolutely. I'm sorry again this happened. If you'd like I could transfer you to our online banking department. If you have any further questions related to your balance.
no, that's OK. I use online banking. I was just driving when I called so this was easier.
I see, all right. Is there anything else I can assist you with, Ms. Selkirk?
no. That was all. Thank you again for your help.
You are very welcome. Thank you for being a valued Intellibank customer and I hope you have a wonderful evening.
Thank you. You as well.
Thank you, bye bye.
Mhm, bye.
Intellibank, this is Amber.
Hello Amber, this is Reginald White.
Hello Reginald, how can I help you?
Oh I think you can help me, maybe. I need to check my account details.
Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that. Just give me one moment here to pull up my screen.
OK, sure, sure, sure.
OK, can I please get your date of birth?
That's June twelfth of eighty-nine.
your driver's license number?
I knew you'd be asking for that. Hold on a second, where's my wallet? Oh, here's my wallet, OK. that's seventy-six, three double X as in X-ray, nine nine seven one.
Perfect, can I please get the account number?
yeah, that's twenty-three seventy-nine zero.
OK, can I please get just need to verify one more piece of information, I just need to verify your street address.
Oh! You know what? What address do you have on file?
Looks like I have twelve twelve Ocean Lane, San Diego, California.
OK, so, yeah yeah, that's what I thought. OK. I need to update that, because see I just got changed apartments. I was living over at this oh, you know those tan colored apartments on Mission? Lovely places. They jacked up their rent post pandemic and now I'm staying over here at fifteen fifteen Mission lane. San Diego California.
OK, let me get that updated here real quick.
Oh,
for you.
That would be great.
OK so I got that updated on your profile, is there anything else I can help you with today?
not unless you have the winning Powerball numbers.
I wish I had.
Yeah me too.
OK, well if there's nothing else I can help you with today, you have a great afternoon.
You too.
Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Sarah, and how may I assist you today?
How are you doing today Sarah?
I'm doing great, thank you so much for asking and yourself?
I'm doing well.
The reason I'm calling, I'm wanting to make a wire transfer.
OK. I would be more than happy to assist you with that. Now first May I have your name and your phone number please?
Mildred Pierce. P I E R C E.
And I'm not sure if you have my new number or my old number. My old number was five six two three nine eight eleven thirty-five. And my new phone number is five six two five one eight three zero zero two.
OK. I do have this pulled up Miss Pierce, and it seems that we do have your new phone number on file and just to double check that was five six two five one eight. Three zero zero two?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Now for verification purposes, may I have your date of birth, the last four digits of your social security number as well as your maiden name?
Yes ma'am. I was born two four two thousand and my maiden name is Greene. G R E E N E. And the last of my social security number is five nine six oh.
OK. Thank you so much. And just to double check I have this correct your birthday is February the fourth two thousand. The last four of your social is five nine six zero and your maiden name was Greene?
Yes ma'am.
OK. Thank you so much. Now which account would you like to be using for the withdrawal. I need the type and the I mean I'm sorry the account number.
Checking account please. There The number is zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK. That was checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes ma'am.
OK. And how much would you like to send and would this be a domestic wire transfer or international?
I'd like to withdraw five hundred dollars. And it'll be domestic.
OK Miss Pierce, thank you for that. Now there will be a fee of thirty-five dollars is that OK?
Yes ma'am.
OK great. Now I do need the routing number and the account number for the deposit. Account.
Yes ma'am. The routing number is four nine seven three one two zero five eight and the account number is zero zero three nine nine five four three. Read back please.
Sure absolutely Miss Pierce. I have the routing number as four nine seven three one two zero five eight. And the account number is zero zero three nine nine five four three. Was that correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK. Wonderful. I do have the transfer initiated and it should be released to the account within the hour .
Now is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, ma'am. I wanna close my savings and transfer balance to checking.
OK. Not a problem. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that. Now what is the account number for the savings account you'd like to close.
Zero one zero five seven three two four.
OK. That was zero one zero five seven three two four?
Yes ma'am.
OK. And what reason are you closing your account for?
I'm gonna deposit the money into the checking account.
OK. but reason do you or what. Why are you closing your savings account?
I really don't need it anymore.
OK. Sorry about that we just have to have a reason to put in the box right here. Now You did say to deposit into your checking account. Correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK. Now may I have the account number for your checking?
Zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK. That was zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes.
OK. Now I do show a balance of nine hundred seventy-one dollars and thirteen cents in your savings. And we're going to transfer that into checking account number zero zero zero seven nine three three one and close the checking the savings account. Is that correct?
Yes.
Yes ma'am.
OK. Wonderful. Now I do have that balance transfer complete and your savings account is closed as of immediately. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No ma'am.
All right. Then thank you so much for calling Intellibank Miss Pierce. Have a wonderful day.
Hello, this is Rodrick from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
hey. This is Roshonda. I was calling because I was trying to apply for a auto loan online and I didn't understand the requirements too much can you explain what I'll be needing.
Yes ma'am so we're asking just for a few basic requirements for applying for Intellibank's Auto Loan Program. one of the basic requirements is that you have a six fifty or above credit score. We're looking for people who have a state issue ID as well as driver's card. We're also looking for people who been driving on the road for more than three years. So, this is just basically the requirements that we're looking for. Once you submit the information, we will give you either a call back or we we will respond back to you via email, letting you know how much you are financed for and when we can give you the funding.
yes, I can provide all that. I just. I have a five eighty credit score. Will that be enough? Can you guys do anything with that?
unfortunately ma'am, we won't be able to do anything with that what I would suggest that you do is you try to improve your credit score. there are multiple programs that do work with credit and it helps with improving the credit score so that when you apply for, you know, companies like us, you can get approved for finance, for vehicles, or whatever may. whatever you're applying for. So, five fifty-eight credit score is not something that we would be able to help you with.
all right. can I just check my account balance then?
Sure absolutely I can check your account balance for you. Can I have your first and last name, ma'am?
My name would be, Roshonda Jackson.
OK and can you spell Roshonda for me?
R O S H O N D A.
OK, it was O D A for the last three letters ma'am?
Yes sir.
And Jackson would be spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you ma'am. Ma'am can I also have your date of birth?
My date of birth would be, June thirtieth two thousand and one.
OK, thank you so much. And can I have the last four digits of your Social Security?
let me grab that real quick.
Sure.
Hello. My Social Security Number would be, nine nine two eight. The last four digits.
OK, nine nine two eight.
Yes sir.
Thank you so much ma'am. Ma'am can I also have your account number?
OK. My account number is five five six.
Five five six.
One eight zero.
One eight zero.
Nine five eight two.
Nine five.
Nine five eight two.
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you, yes ma'am. And I'm gonna also ask you a security question. What was the name of your first pet?
Her name was Lady.
Thank you so much. And the account that you're looking to get the balance information for, is it a checking or savings account?
It would be a checking's account.
Thank you. OK, can I get that bank number for that account ma'am?
Yes. let me go and grab it real quick.
No problem.
All right, I have it right here.
OK, just read it to me when you ready.
Six seven seven nine.
Six seven seven nine.
Four two zero eight.
Four two zero eight. OK, ma'am just give me a couple of seconds while I upload the information.
All right.
OK, everything went smoothly and I have your balance information. do you have a paper and pen so that you can write it down?
Yes sir I do.
OK. So, your total in your. Account. It would be sixty-two dollars and ninety-four cents.
OK. You said sixty-two dollars?
Yes ma'am. It's sixty-two dollars and ninety-four cents.
OK, thank you.
OK. Is there anything else that I can help you with today? Would you like for me to check another account for you?
No sir.
OK, and for the future, would you like to know. Learn a little bit more about our mobile app so that you can check your balance mobily so that way it can be more convenient. You can check it twenty-four seven. You won't have to call in and wait a long periodically of time.
Yeah.
No sir. That'll be fine. It's all right.
OK. So again I'm just gonna ask you this, would you like for me to help you with any other accounts that you have?
No sir. That'll be all.
OK ma'am. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rodrick. Also, there will be a survey at the end. I would like for you to, give us feedback on your experience with the call today. and that would be all. Thank you for calling.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Call us any time. Bye bye.
Hello this is Rodger from Intellibank, how may I help you today?
Yeah I need help finding a ATM close the closest one if that's possible to me.
OK, that's not a problem. Can I get your first and last name?
Rashonda Jackson.
OK Miss Jackson, can I get your date of birth?
June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Thank you so much ma'am. And can I get your street address and city?
Yes. three nine six Taylor street and the city is Columbia.
And can I get your ZIP the zipcode?
Yes. My zipcode is two nine zero zero. And my state is South Carolina.
Thank you.
OK, just give me a couple seconds while while I upload everything to find the nearest ATM.
Yes ma'am I found the nearest ATM ATM beside you. let me know when you're ready so that maybe you can write it down maybe you can save it onto your phone. I found the address.
OK. I'm ready.
It's it is the address would be seven nine five.
You said seven five five?
No ma'am it's seven nine five.
OK.
Wheelcreek road. Wheelcreek Road. Wheelcreek is spelled W H E E L And creek is spelled C R E E K.
Sorry sir can you repeat that you you was going a bit fast.
Oh I'm so sorry about that ma'am. Yes ma'am. Wheel is spelled W H E E L.
OK.
And creek would be spelled C R E E K.
C R E E K.
Yes ma'am and it's road.
OK.
Yes ma'am that is the closest one I found to you, given the address you gave me that you gave to me and it would be eleven minutes away.
Yes, does this one accept cash deposits?
OK, let me see Yes they does accept cash deposits, however I'm glad that you asked for a little bit of extra information. Right now the deposit system is down, so I'm going to find the next nearest one one that's nearest to nearest to your location.
Wow, OK it is too far away cause I can't drive that far out.
No ma'am we have multiple ATMs around the United States so this one shouldn't be too far away. I'm just gonna look that up for you right quick OK?
All right.
OK, so I found one that was the second closest one to you, and that was actually thirteen minutes away is that fine with you?
it's it's OK.
OK. OK, so let me know whenever you're read to write down the address for that one ma'am.
I'm ready.
OK. That the address is six four three.
OK.
Shawshanky and Shawshanky would be spelled S H A W S H A N K Y road.
OK, so it's S H A S H A A N K Y.
No ma'am. Let me respell that for you it's S H A S A S H A N K Y.
Oh, OK it's not two A's all right.
No ma'am. No ma'am it's not two A's for that one. and there's also multiple ones but that gets out a little bit farther I think the the third one that's close to you is about eighteen minutes away would you want that one? Just in case.
This one seems to be good. I was just does does this have any fees? Like per dollar amount is there a certain amount that they're gonna ask for?
no ma'am it doesn't have any fees. however it does of course well rule of thumb for all of our ATMs is that you can make a maximum of three deposits per day. Their this deposit system and withdrawal system is up. The first one that I gave you that was eleven minutes away that it is telling me through the system that they're working on that one so that can be up if not today maybe sometime tomorrow or sometime this week. You can visit that the bank and they will let you know. when that ATM in specific is up and standing. But as I said for the one I gave you that was thirteen minutes away yeah you can make the three deposits again per day the withdrawal limit I I believe it's well actually it says it right here it's one thousand dollars. is there anything else that I can do for you today ma'am?
no thank you.
Thank you so much for calling us here at Intellibank, we're open twenty-four seven Monday through Friday have a good day.
You too.
Bye, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How may I help you today?
Well, I'm calling to check my balance. I'm currently on vacation in Saint Louis. The weather has been really nice here by the way. I'm having a good trip. But anyway, I need to check my balance. And I also need to find a branch so I can deposit some money.
OK, great. Well, I'm glad you're enjoying your trip. That's wonderful. If you don't mind if I could get your name?
My name is Julie Williams.
Julie Williams, thank you so much. And if I could get your date of birth, please?
It's seven twenty-five fifty-seven.
OK, thank you. And if I could also get the last four of your social security number?
Eight six one six. Oh, wait wait wait. I'm sorry. I said that wrong. It's eight eight, one six.
OK.
Thank you. No problem. And if I could, one more question. If you could verify the street that you grew up on.
Buckingham.
OK, thank you so much. And you were inquiring about your balance. Is that on your checking or savings account?
Mm, my checking account.
OK, great. Huh, let's see. If you could just verify that account number for me really quick?
OK, hang on. I gotta I gotta look for it. OK, here's my checks. now which number is it at the bottom of the check for the account number? Is it the first number or the second number?
Mhm.
It would be the second number on your check.
OK, it's one five zero, one zero six eight five.
OK, great. Thank you so much. I am currently showing a balance in that account of five hundred forty-seven dollars and seventy-five cents.
Oh, OK. That's good. That's more than I thought.
OK, great. And you said you were looking for a location near you, and I'm. You said you were in Saint Louis. Is that Missouri?
That is correct. That is Missouri.
OK.
Great. Do you have. Do you know the address where you are right now?
The address where I am right now is one eight two Biscayne Way.
OK, great. If you could give me just a moment, I'll be happy to look up a couple locations for you.
Thank you.
OK, I'm showing there's a location at fifty-seven forty-one Lapeer Street which is very close to the location you are now.
OK.
There's another location at two eight seven Constitution Boulevard and that's also somewhat close to you. These are all within two to three miles away from each other. And there is a third location at fifty-seven twenty-one George Avenue.
Oh, OK.
do you use MapQuest by any chance?
yeah. I usually use Google Maps.
Oh, OK. Great. so that hopefully, that'll help you find those locations since you are on vacation and may not know the area very well.
Oh, that's good. That's good. Yeah, I need to just deposit some money into my account.
OK, are you depositing a check?
it's cash.
Oh, OK. if you were depositing a check, I was gonna suggest using our online banking cuz you can easily make mobile deposits through our online banking service.
Oh, really.
Absolutely. You can you can deposit checks, you can pay bills online, you can check your balances, you can make transfers between your accounts. And all of those services are free.
Wow. That's awesome. Oh, you know what? I actually, I forgot to do something. There was one other thing I needed to do and that was to update my personal information, my phone number.
OK, great Julie. I can certainly help you with that. Did you wanna go ahead and give me that new number?
Yeah, it's five one seven, five eight six, three three four nine.
OK, great. Lemme make sure I have that correct. Five one seven, five eight six three three four nine. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, I have gone ahead and updated that information for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Julie?
Well, actually since I'm on vacation, I'm kinda curious what the weather's like down there in Florida?
Oh, the weather here is beautiful. It's starting to fall into that fall, not quite so hot. So, definitely. And and the weather there is good for you while you're on vacation?
Oh, it's been beautiful ever since I've been here. It's been it's been in the eighties and nice and dry. It's been really nice.
Oh, that's wonderful. Well, I certainly hope you enjoy your vacation.
Oh, well, thank you. I'm having a really good time.
Yeah. OK, great. Well, thank you so much for calling the bank today Julie.
OK. I will talk to you soon I guess. If I have any questions, I'll call.
OK. Thank you, Julie. Bye bye now.
OK.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is your agent speaking Mark. How can I help you today?
Hi Mark. Actually well I would tell you the whole story. I wanted to go to buy a gift for my brother. And in this store they told me that they did they didn't accept credit cards so well now I have to find an ATM near me. And can you tell me where there is one located and also do they have a service fee?
Oh of course I can help you with that just give me one second here. Could you give me your name and also your current street address?
Yeah just let me check that. Give me a moment please.
OK no problem.
OK. My name is Cynthia White and my street address is four five zero Blue Wood Drive.
OK perfect and could you also tell me what is your city?
Yeah, the city is Apex. North Carolina.
Oh perfect. The state as well that's great. just give me one second as I look up an an ATM near you.
OK sure.
Oh God the traffic is awful. I have been stuck in my car for like an hour. I can't believe it.
Oh I understand how that it is. sometimes on my way to work as well I end up having to take a detour and it ends up taking me twice as long.
Yeah I know. It's so annoying.
Well I hope that everything resolves well for you. OK, I'm finding here that we actually have an ATM located close by. to your address. We have one on two forty Blue Wood Drive. And that is just a single ATM We also have a one that is a little further away but it would it also includes the full branch and if you would like to go there, then that one you'd have to go down Ping Blue Drive and that is right a few blocks away from you. To the North. I'm not sure if you're familiar with that street.
Yeah I am and do when you refer to the branch you refer to Intel Bank?
yeah well that is a Intellibank and yes that is correct.
Oh OK that sounds great then.
OK great and is there anything else that I could help you with today?
No you have been very helpful. Sorry how was your name?
My name is Mark and thank you so much for calling Intellibank. If you there's anything else we can do for you just give us back a call back.
No everything is good. Thank you Mark. Have a nice day.
Thank you. Have a good day as well.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you?
yes. I'm I'm looking to buy some tires and I need to know if I've got enough money.
All right. Well I can certainly help you with that. Do you have a checking or savings account all these?
I have both.
All right. Well lemme go ahead and get your information and I'll pull that up and I can provide you with your account balance.
Can I get your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
All right and your date of birth for me?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. The last four of your social please.
hang on just one second while I get it.
OK. I've got it. It is eight zero one one.
All right. Thank you. And if you'll just verify the answer to this security question. What was the make of your first car?
A nineteen sixty-eight Chevrolet Camero.
All right. Thank you sir. I've got your account verified and pulled up in front of me. And yes. You do have a checking and a savings account with us. Would you like the balance on both of those accounts today?
let's look at my Intellibank checking account.
All right. Is that the Intellibank checking account sir?
yes. Intellibank not Intellibank.
All right sir. Your your checking account balance as of today is two thousand three hundred and fifteen dollars and sixteen cents.
OK. That should be enough to buy some tires.
All right sir.
So how is the weather doing there where you're at?
the weather's been pretty mild really. It's not too cold not too warm. Pretty pretty good fall weather.
That's good. It's been pretty warm here. Sun's been out. Pretty hot at times.
Oh yes but the sun does give you the time to go outside and enjoy the weather.
That's right .
All right sir. Is there anything else I can help you with you today?
lemme ask you this my checking account. Am I getting any interest off my checking account?
yes sir. The interest on that checking account is point zero zero one percent annual.
OK. There's an. Do I have to have a minimum balance in my checking account to get that?
Yes sir. That interest rate will only pay on every dollar above your first fifteen hundred.
OK. That's not too bad. All right. I do appreciate it then.
Absolutely sir. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
can't think of anything.
All right. Well if you'll just hold on the line for me. There'll be a brief survey that you can fill out. Let us know how we did today and how we can service you better in the future.
OK.
All right sir. You have a wonderful day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Michelle. How can I help you?
Yeah, hello. This is John Smith.
Hi, John. How can I assist you today?
Yeah, I'd like to open up a bank account.
Perfect. I'd certainly be happy to help you. I just need to get some personal verifiable information to start the setup of the account. firstly, are you looking to open up a checking or a savings account or both?
I'd like to open up both.
OK. All right, got that set up here for you. Can I please get your first and last name?
Yeah, that's John Smith.
Date of birth?
Twelve eighteen of eighty-four.
Address?
Fifty-six eighty-six North White Street.
City, state, and ZIP?
I live in North San Diego. The ZIP is nine two oh eight three.
And is that California?
Yes, that's correct.
OK. then it looks like I also need a second form of identity. Can I please get your driver's license?
Oh, I just recently moved because, you know, I'm out of state I'll be getting my driver's license in the mail in like a week. Is there any way we can just? can we proceed forward with this cuz I don't currently have it on me?
Unfortunately, sir. I'm not able to continue the opening of the account without a driver's license number We do require two forms of ID to help prevent fraud.
OK, where's your nearest branch so when I get my ID , I can come in?
Oh, certainly. Yes. give me just a moment here to look that up based on the address provided. OK. It looks like the closest branch to your location is going to be at thirteen oh eight Summoner Road.
All right. I know where that is. How late are you guys open till?
we are open until five p.m. Monday through Friday.
OK. Are you open on the weekends?
Saturday, we are open from eight to noon and closed on Sundays.
OK, well thank you very much. I'll be stopping in to open an account.
OK. Anything else I can help you with today?
no, you've been very helpful. Thank you.
Perfect. Thank you, John. You have a great day now.
You too.
Bye bye.
Hello. Good afternoon.
Good afternoon. Am I speaking with Intellibank?
Yes may I help you with something ma?
My name is Donot Sylvia, Donot Sylvia.
OK your first name is Sylvia?
Yes.
And your last name is Donot?
Yes.
OK. How are you today ma'am?
I'm very much fine and OK.
How are you doing?
Fine.
How is the weather over there?
Very, very cool.
How is the weather over there?
Very cool.
Very cool?
Yeah.
That's good ma'am. So how may I help you ma'am?
I have a disputes transaction. That's why I called, dispute transaction.
You have a dispute transaction?
Yes.
OK. Can you give me your date of birth?
Give you my date of birth?
Yes.
OK. that was eleven four. Hello are you there?
I'm with you madame.
Nineteen four.
OK that is the nineteen of April?
Yes. Nineteen eighty-eight.
OK. You mean nineteen of April nineteen eighty-eight?
Yes.
OK. Madame can you give me your credit card number?
Four seven.
OK four seven.
One six. Eight six.
Eight six.
Four one.
Madame calm down. Calm down. Calm down. You call it one after the other cause I emptied my pen. You call it one after the other. Just calm down OK. Calm down. Alright ma'am. Start over again.
Four seven.
Four seven.
One six.
One six.
Eight six.
Eight six.
Four one.
Four one.
Nine seven.
Nine seven.
Three six.
Three six.
Nine two.
Nine two.
Eight nine.
Eight nine.
Yes.
Lemme call it again. If I'm wrong you correct me. OK? Just keep calm. You follow me OK?
OK.
Four seven one six eight six four one nine seven three six nine two eight nine. Can you give me your CVV ma'am?
My CVV?
Your CVV ma'am.
Three three three. Triple three.
OK. Triple three.
Yes.
Your credit card type?
Visa.
Visa. OK. What are the expiring date of the card?
That'll be ten twenty twenty-four.
OK. October twenty twenty-four. That's good ma'am. OK. What is the name of the street you grew up ma'am?
One five four five Travis Street.
K. One five four five Travis Street.
Yes.
What is the amount in your balance of your account?
Thirty thousand two hundred dollars.
Thirty thousand US dollars?
Yes.
OK. Date of the transactions that you are reporting to dispute.
That's for nine twenty twenty-one.
That is for September twenty twenty-one?
Yes.
OK. What are the reason for the disputes?
Yeah I bought some goods and was not delivered yet. Until today I I will not be able to see the goods. I bought some goods and it was not delivered yet. That's why I called.
OK. Is anyone else have the access to the account that could maybe transfer it on your behalf?
No, no, no, no. It is a it is a sole account. It's a sole account. It's I am the owner of the account, nobody else.
Have you contacted the business that made the transactions?
No, not yet.
Good. Do you have any regular subscriptions on the account?
Not at all. I don't have any regular subscriptions for you.
OK madame having confirm what issues you document we need to try to investigate your transactions good working two weeks. So we'll try to get back to you but firstly we need to lock the card to protect against any further fraudulent transaction. Are you with me ma'am?
I'm with you.
So we need to lock the card now to protect against any further fraudulent transactions. Ma'am do you have anything else to report?
Of course not. That's the only problem I'm fixing now. That's all for now.
OK thank you for banking with us.
Thanks for your response as well. God bless you.
Once again thank you very much.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Vi speaking. How many I help you today?
Yes ma'am. My name is David Fidler. I'm trying to take and see about possibly closing one of my accounts.
OK. And could you spell your last name for me please?
Last name is spelled F I D, as in David, L E R.
Yes sir. And could I have your birth date please?
It's October third, nineteen sixty-seven.
And could I have the last four digits of your social please?
Seven six two five.
Yes sir, thank you. And one more question please. Could you please tell me the name of your first pet?
Should have been Snoopy.
Thank you sir. I am pulling your information up now and how can I help you today?
Well I got too many accounts keep track of and so what I'm probably gonna try and do is just go ahead and close one of them and move the money into one of my other accounts.
Yes sir. And what account would you like to close today?
Well it's gonna be the Money Mark account. it should be account number seven five nine two eight three four nine nine three.
OK so you would like to close out the account, your Money Market account, with account number seven five nine two eight three four nine nine three. Correct?
yeah.
OK sir. That amount in the that account is two thousand three dollars and forty-seven cents. And may I ask why you're closing this account again please?
I just get so many different accounts I'm just trying to consolidate and make make it easier to keep track of my balances and and yeah. Go from there.
Yes sir. This should definitely help you do that. And what account would you like that money to be transferred into? May I have the routing number?
I'll have to grab the checkbook for that. It's gonna be my just my normal personal checking account. just a second. I'll go get the checkbook for that cuz I don't have the routing number.
Thank you sir.
OK I'm back. Sorry about that, I had to let the dog in. OK. routing number should be, according to the check here, zero zero five nine four seven zero zero one.
OK that would be zero zero five nine four seven zero zero one. And may I have the account number please?
OK. It's three four eight two seven one four four.
OK and the account number is three four eight two seven one four four and you would like to go ahead and direct deposit the entire amount sir?
yes, we'll go ahead and transfer all of that.
Yes sir. So a deposit of two thousand three dollars and forty-seven cents should show up into your account between three and five business days. This account number seven five nine two eight three four nine nine three will be closed by the end of business day today. Is there anything else I can help you with today sir?
well actually if we can go ahead and update my email address cuz I just switched over to a new internet provider. that way I can make sure I stay up to date.
I can do that for you sir. If I can go ahead and have your email address please.
OK. it will be D dot Fidler sixty-seven at Hotmail dot com.
So that's D dot Fidler. Are they all lowercase sir?
Yes.
Sixty-seven at Hotmail dot com. Is that correct sir?
That's correct.
Yes, it is. Thank you.
Is there any other information that you would like to update at this time, sir?
no cuz I believe should have my phone number and all that I try and keep that updated but I just got the new email address to handle my business transactions and we'll go from there.
OK. I have a phone number of six three one nine nine two four seven zero two. Is that correct sir?
yeah that's right.
Will that be home or mobile, sir?
That's my mobile phone.
Thank you sir. I will make sure that's updated into our system. Is there anything else I can help you with today sir?
No, think we got everything taken care of.
thank you sir.
And if there's anything else I can help you with, please give us a call at Intel Bank and I thank you for your service today.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
Hi, I need to close my account and transfer the balance on my card to another account.
OK, I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I get your credit card number please?
Yeah, it's five two eight one, three seven six five, four two zero nine zero two zero eight.
OK, great. Thank you. And can I get your name please?
Yeah, my name is Karen Hucksley.
OK, Karen. And your date of birth?
two eighteen ninety-two.
Thank you and for your security. I need an authenticating ID. That would be your driver's license number please.
Yeah, that is, six six one seven five four two.
OK, thank you. And it looks like you have an added security question on here. The question is. Can I get the name of your pet? Your pet's name.
let's see. Set this up in two thousand three. That Sammy I believe.
OK, that's what I have down. Thank you. OK, so you needed to close this account and transfer the balance to another credit card?
Yes please.
OK, I see that the balance on this account is five hundred and eighty-two dollars and thirty-five cents.
OK, that sounds about right.
OK, and do you have the other credit card number that this needs to be transferred to?
Yeah, I have it right here.
OK, I can take that when you're ready.
Four six seven three, zero two nine five eight three one two five three zero nine. And that is for the bank, of US Savings.
OK, so this is going to US Savings, Bank credit card. OK. Great, I got all that information in. I have closed your account and put in the transfer request. Now, that will take one to business days for the balance to be transferred from this account to the other credit card, but your account is closed at this point.
OK. That's good because I did lose the card and I haven't been able to find it. So, that will make is so no one can use the card. Is that correct or do I need to go through a whole new process with that?
well, since the account is closed, that would be correct that no one else can use it right now. let me just ask you. What was the date of the loss of your card?
well today is the fifth. I think I used it at the mall last week. So, let's say the twenty-eighth of September.
OK. twenty-eighth of September. Do you remember the most recent transaction you made on that?
Yes, I was shopping at Dick's, Sportings Good. and I, believe it should be around, three hundred dollars. I was getting this really fancy new workout system cuz, you know, I'm getting up there and I gotta start taking care of myself but, Yeah I think it was around three hundred dollars, if that helps.
OK, let's see here. You said September twenty-eighth. Yeah, I do see that that is the most recent transaction and it was at Dick's Sporting Goods. and the amount was two hundred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents, so. So the good news is that no one has used your account since you last did. But it's good that we're closing it. let me go ahead and re-issue another card for you. can I confirm the address to which I should mail this new card out to?
OK.
Yeah, it's one eight six nine South sixty-ninth Street, Bend, Oregon, nine seven one five three.
OK, thank you very much. That's what we have on record. So, I'm going to request that you have a new credit card sent out since this one was lost. Now you should get that in about three to five business days, and when you do, There'll be a one eight hundred phone number on the card that you'll want to call to activate so that you can start using this again.
Now, if I am closing the account, and transferring the balance. Why do I need a new card and why do I need to activate it?
Well, we did close this account. did you not want to have another, credit card with us?
Oh, I suppose I guess I didn't think of that. will I have to run my credit again to get new approval?
No, actually the. What happens is I'll just go back in and instead of just a closing account, I'm gonna put down that this was closure due to loss of your credit card, so that way this account will still be available for you to use. But, you will have to wait the three to five business days to get your new credit card in the mail to use.
OK.
But these funds will be available to you. This credit card. And we do hope that you continue to use Intellibank. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, I'd say that's about it. Thank you.
OK, thank you and have a good day.
You too.
Good afternoon, this is Steven Intellibank.
How may I help you today?
Hi, I'm in town and I need to take out some money out of the bank.
Very nice. So you are a Intellibank customer? And you're visiting.
yes, I'm visiting Winslow Arizona.
OK, we have, we do, I do show here that in Winslow Arizona we do have ATMs.
Can you tell me what your current address is?
yeah, I'm staying at the hotel Marmit. In Winslow. And the address is one twenty-three take it easy drive.
OK. One twenty-three take it easy drive.
OK. I show multiple ATMs close by.
I show one at one twenty-three main street. Is that close to your location?
I think that's probably like four or five blocks away. Got anything closer?
OK. Actually we show one right next door to the Marmot hotel.
Oh, well that works. Where, what's the address?
Yep. It's at
Bob's Grocery. it's on the very same street. number eight twenty-two.
Eight twenty-two take it easy drive and that was Bob's Grocery?
Yes, Bob's grocery. That's correct.
OK.
Alright. would you like a couple other locations just in case just in case that one doesn't work for you?
no. That's pretty close to me, I'll, I'll stick with that. I'm not one that likes to change.
OK. I understand.
I. One of the questions I have. Is there a daily withdrawal limit?
there is. At Intellibank, the daily withdrawal limit is five hundred dollars.
Really?
Yes. but if you do call one of our agents or stop by one of our branches, we can make note on the account that you authorized a larger transaction.
OK. And the other thing is when I had taken money out I had to use the local ATM inside the hotel.
Mhm.
And I prefer not to do that. I prefer to use one at the bank. And I meant to take out forty dollars. And I ended up getting four hundred dollars. I don't want to have four hundred dollars on me.
So is that, can I make that deposit and it will go back in to my, my regular bank account?
Yes. Thank you for that information. if, if you go to one of our ATMs you can make a deposit including cash.
it will be credited within twenty-four to forty-eight hours.
OK.
OK.
Are there any other questions I can help you with today, Mrs. Hanson?
Well.
.
Can I access, will I be able to access this online?
we do have online banking. If you go to Intellibank dot com. there is a number of services available there. You can transfer funds between accounts. You can check balances. Actually you can change your limit for daily withdrawal on there too, on a daily basis.
Oh, the other thing I was wondering I heard you had a travel card that I can put money on. Like a debit card and then I can use that around instead of having to go to ATMs and taking cash out. I think I would I would rather use like a travel card. So that it's secure and I don't have to worry about having all kinds of money on me.
Yes, that's correct. We do have a, a product called a travelers card.
And that's exactly what it is. It's like a credit card, or a debit card that you can add funds directly to. And it's safer than a regular credit card because we, we insure it.
And if there is any fraudulent activity, you are not charged for it.
yeah, a lot of travelers use it because it's kind of like the, the travelers checks that they used to use in the past and it kind of has replaced those.
OK. So, I think that would be good because I really need to go shopping at mall and I really don't want to have all kinds of money on my person.
And, and you said that's like master or Visa card?
It is, it's got the Mastercard logo so it looks just like a credit card. but it, it does have some special security features that are not available with the Mastercard credit card.
if you'd like to set one of those up I can find a local branch for you. you will have to go in to the actual branch to set up the card. But the good news is, they can issue the card right there on site.
Well, that would be good.
I need to go and get
Were gonna, after we go to check out that car in Winslow. You know the one with the guy standing on the corner?
Standing on the corner in Winslow Arizona, yes.
Yeah.
I need to go get some shoes because I've been walking all over Winslow Arizona and my feet hurt.
I think.
I guess I should have planned better ahead what kinda shoes I was gonna be wearing that day.
But, you know, I ordered them online. So you can't always tell what you're getting online until you actually get them. And it was too close to the vacation so I had to keep I had to use them.
That is, that is so true. I've had that happen myself.
The last time I was at the beach, I had to end up buying some flips flops because I wore sneakers. And you just can't wear sneakers on the beach.
So, I totally understand. And, and yes if you have our travelers card, that, that is accepted anywhere that, that a Master, Visa or Mastercard are accepted. Just like a regular credit card.
would you like the address of your closest branch so you can go and investigate that further?
Sure. That would be awesome.
OK. again I have your location at one twenty-three take it easy drive in Winslow Arizona.
oh, I show one not about two blocks from you. it's on the corner or prospect avenue and first street.
It's about a two minute walk.
And they, they're already open. They opened at nine this morning.
OK. I can do that, even though it's going to hurt my feet to walk.
OK. Well maybe you can buy a new pair of shoes after you take some money out of the bank there.
OK.
Is there anything else I can do to help you, Mrs. Hanson?
Nope. That, that does it.
OK. Thank you for being an Intellibank customer. I hope I've been able to help you today. Enjoy your travels.
Thank you.
Hello this is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Mm- yes I need some help. I'm trying to send some money to my friend. How would I do that?
Yes ma'am so you, you would do that by doing an internal transfer. With the internal transfer what we can do is we can send money from money from your account to your friend account much more efficiently and faster.
Yes sir that would be good.
OK so to begin I'm going to ask you just for some personal information. Can I get your first and last name?
My name is Roshonda Jackson.
OK can you spell Roshonda for me?
Yes sir. R O S H O N D A.
OK and Jackson is spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes sir.
K thank you very much ma'am. Can I have your date of birth?
My date of birth is June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Thank you so much. And can I get your state issued ID your driver's license ID ID number or the last four or the last four digits of your social? Excuse me ma'am.
I can provide any one of those right?
Yes ma'am you can provide any one of those.
OK I'm go get my state OK I have it here with me.
OK just let just read it to me whenever you're ready.
Z four C six four four S one five G seven R.
OK and that was Z four C six four four S one five six seven R?
No, five G seven R.
It was five G seven R ma'am?
Yes sir.
And this is for your state, your state your state issued ID?
Correct.
OK thank you. And can I get the bank account number ma'am that you wish to withdraw the money from?
Yes it would be nine three two four eight seven three one.
And that was four three two four eight seven three one?
Yes sir.
OK thank you so much ma'am. And can I ask you for the cut for the bank account number that you wish to deposit it deposit this amount of money to? A certain amount of money to ma'am?
Yes sir it would be six seven seven nine four two zero eight.
OK that's six seven seven nine four two seven eight?
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you ma'am. And this is towards a friend, correct?
Excuse me sir I meant four two zero eight.
OK so it is six seven seven nine four two zero eight?
Yes sir that's correct.
OK thank you so much ma'am and this is towards a friend again?
Yes.
Yes ma'am can I ask how much you're looking to send to this friend?
I'm trying to send a thousand five hundred dollars.
OK. And just so you know ma'am here at Intellibank we charge a three percent a three percent transferring fee as well as a five dollar fee since you're doing it over the phone. Is that OK with you?
Yes sir. How's your day going by the way, sir?
My day is going good. How is your day?
My day is going pretty OK.
OK that's good to hear. Good to hear. This is a lucky friend.
Thank you.
OK. So I'm sending everything over. And I just wanted to let you know that after everything that's sent, after the fifteen hundred dollars that you sent over to your friend and the three percent transferring fee's taken out as well as the five dollar fee is taken out, that your total balance will then be left at nine eighty-seven
And thirty cents. It'll be nine hundred and eighty-seven dollars and thirty cents.
OK thank you.
OK. OK everything has been sent over. and in the future so that you can well so that you don't have to pay an extra five dollars. would you like any help with setting up an online banking account? that way you can that way it is free when you want to send money you just have to pay the transferring fee?
No sir I'm I'm fine.
OK ma'am everything has again been sent over. The fifteen hundred dollars that you sent over to the account number of six seven seven nine four two zero eight has been sent over. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No sir that'll be all.
OK thank you so much for calling me here at Intellibank. If you have anything anything else that you would answer do not hesitate to call and there will be a survey in the end asking for your experience. Thank you have a good day.
You too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Rose.
How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. this is Kim. I have a question. I am looking at my My statement that I just received recently in the mail. And there's a charge on here that I don't recognize and I was calling to question it.
Sure. So you would need to dispute a transaction?
yes.
OK. I can certainly help you with that, Kim. I just have to ask you a few questions so I can get into your account and see what we got going on here, OK?
Sure.
All right. So is it Kim or Kimberly?
it's Kim. And my last name is Johns. That's J O H N S.
All right. Thank you so much. And what is your date of birth, Kim?
it's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy two.
Thank you . And can I please have the number to the account that is in question?
Sure. Give me one second here.
Oh, yeah. It doesn't say it right here on the statement. hold on for one moment for me. Let me go grab it.
OK. Sure. Take your time.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
OK. OK my my account number is seven zero eight five six four, six seven four four.
OK. Thank you so much.
And I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
Sure. It's Murphy.
All right. Thank you so much. And what is the dollar amount that we're disputing?
the dollar amount is fifty seven dollars and eleven cents.
and the date of the charge on my statement says that it's September third.
September third? OK. All right. And you're disputing this because you don't recognize it.
Yes.
Right. I don't recognize the charge. there on the statement it just looked like it was a couple of letters it. It was I don't know if it that's the actual name of the company that's charging me or not I couldn't find anything associated with it, a telephone number or anything online that's why I was calling you guys, to, you know, dispute it with you cuz it doesn't it it it doesn't even look like a legitimate company, but I'm not really sure.
OK. It does look like it's international. So right. I I just have to ask you a few more questions before I get this sent over to the dispute department.
Oh. OK.
Sure.
do you know if anyone else has access to your account that could have made this transaction?
No. No one has access to any of my account information.
OK. And Do you have any regular membership or subscription fees set up with this account?
I do have a recurring charge monthly for for Apple. It's a it's. I don't know. It's like for extra storage or whatever. But that actually comes through as Apple each time, so I know it's not that one.
OK. No worries. Well, what I'm gonna do Kim is take this information that you've given me and I'm gonna go ahead and send this over to the fraud department. and I just need to make sure that we have an updated email on file for you hun. Can you tell me what that is?
Sure.
Sure. my my email address on file should be K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
All right. Thank you so much. I'm gonna have to put you on just a brief hold OK? And I'll be right back.
OK. Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
OK, Ms. Johns. thank you so much for holding. So I have submitted this to the dispute department. I thought they were gonna need to speak to you, but they don't. they have all the information that they need. And we'll be contacting you. this usually takes about three to five business days to take care of . So they'll be contacting you by email and also by phone. to let you know what's going on. we do have to put a hold on your account. so that no other transactions or or fraudulent transactions can take place, OK? That hold will be lifted after the investigation is completed. And was there anything that I could help you with today?
OK
no that takes care of it. And I'll just wait to hear from you guys you know like you said via via phone or via email. You know, either one.
OK, Ms. Johns. Well I apologize for this stress. I know this is unfortunate situation when you feel like someone's stealing from you.
and we will get to the bottom of it for you and contact you soon as possible. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
Have a good day.
You too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. This is Steven, how can I help you?
yes I need to to get some money in my checking account.
All right. I can certainly help for help you with that. can I get your first and last name, please?
Dan Thomas.
Thank you. And your date of birth.
Five twelve nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And to verify the account we're looking at, can you give me the account number, please?
OK. The Intel account number is Two six seven seven three zero seven nine five six eight two.
All right and is that the Intellibank account number? I believe is what you meant?
yes Intellibank.
All right. Thank you. I've got that account pulled up. now this I see is your checking account. Is that correct?
yes. I need to transfer some money between my savings to my checking.
All right. I can certainly do that. And do you have the account number for the the savings account that we'll be depositing it into?
two zero nine zero two one eight four two zero.
Thank you, and can I get you to confirm your checking account number one more time for me?
Seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine.
Thank you, sir. And how much are you wanting to transfer into that account today?
let's do three hundred dollars.
All right. Three hundred dollars and zero cents, will be transferred from your savings into your checking. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. Let me go ahead and get that set up.
How's the weather been doing up there?
the weather's been pretty good. Been little dry lately, but I think we're do for a little bit of rain coming up.
Yeah. It's been sunny here. Pretty warm.
Oh that's good. That's what I like. That's the kinda kinda weather I live for. All right, Mr. Thomas is there? I've got that transfer being processed and you should see that money reflecting on your account balance by the end of business today. Is there anything else I can help you with?
is there a fee associated with this?
No, sir. There's not a fee since you have both accounts with us here at Intellibank. it just takes a little time to process.
OK. that sounds great.
All right, sir. Well if there's nothing else I can help you with I will let you get on with the rest of your day. And if you'll hang on the line after we disconnect, there will be a brief survey for you to let us know how we did today. And how we can better service you in the future.
OK. I appreciate your time.
Not a problem. You have a wonderful rest of your day, sir.
OK. You too. Thank you.
Good afternoon. You've reached Intellibank. My name is Wes. How can I help you today?
Hi. I just had a quick question regarding ATMs. Yeah. I just wanted to know honestly can I use an ATM to take money out from my account or does it have to be a Intellibank ATM?
Go ahead.
As in can you use any ATM? Is that what you're asking?
Yeah.
Yes. Yes you can. So our debit cards and even our credit cards, if you're eligible for a certain amount of cash advance with that card, you can use any any standard ATM. But just keep in mind and this is true with most banks, if you use an ATM that is not an Intellibank ATM or you take out money from a different branch or somewhere else, usually, a fee will be charged, especially with ATMs. So if you were to use another ATM that's not an Intellibank one or at an Intellibank location you'll probably be charged a small fee. It's usually anywhere from a couple bucks to maybe six or eight depending on the state or location you're in or what type of ATM it is.
Right, right. OK.
Yeah.
Yeah. No problem. And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sounds Good.
Yeah. Actually so I ended up moving to another state and there are not many Intellibanks nearby. So honestly I had to switch my accounts. So can you just help me with honestly closing my account today and transferring the money to the new account?
Yes, definitely. I will just need your first and last name for that as well as the account number that you'd like to close with us today. So yeah what was your name?
Oh yeah. So it's Gloria Zaragoza.
Gloria Zaragosa. OK. And Gloria is spelled G L O R I A, and Zaragoza just how it sounds with a Z?
Yeah.
Yep with a Z.
OK. Perfect Miss Zaragoza. And then what is the account number?
Yeah, it's two four six one five seven nine zero.
OK. Perfect. Got this pulled up. OK. All right. Yep. Just putting this in here and getting it pulled up. The system's just taking a second. I apologize.
No worries.
OK. And then could you just verify the last four digits of your social for me?
Yep. It's two four five six.
OK. Perfect. And just last last question just wanna obviously ask a security question. This is just standard whenever we close accounts, do transfers, work with large amounts of money especially, or with entire accounts. Just gonna ask you the the security question that you created with us. What is your mother's maiden name?
Oh. Gomez.
Gomez. OK. Perfect. All right Miss Zaragoza, well just wanna confirm the residual balance of the account, as well as the account number that you gave me. You said the account number was what again?
Six two four five eight nine seven two.
Six two four five eight nine seven two. OK. Perfect. Sorry. Just wanted to confirm that one more time, and the residual balance is eight hundred and ninety-three thousand dollars four hundred and seventy-two and ninety-three cents. That is the residual balance and where would you like to potentially transfer this or put this today?
Yes, I'm opening a new account with PNC Banking. What do you need, my routing number for that?
Yes. I would need the routing number of the bank as well as and then we already have the account number but as well as the new account number. Actually, if you have that I can I can get you helped out with that today. Actually, yes.
OK. So the new routing number. Are you ready to take it?
Yes. I am.
OK. So it's seven two one.
Seven two one.
Eight nine six five two three.
Eight nine six five two three. Perfect. And then the new account number.
Mhm. So the new account number is six two four eight seven three four five nine.
Six two four eight seven three four five nine. OK. Perfect. That's six . OK. I got that. I put that in for you Miss Zaragoza, and it looks like it is all set. The closure, as well as the transaction, will both occur at slightly different times. So the closure will actually hit the next business day. So tomorrow.
mhm.
just because our systems stop updating at three p.m. Pacific time. And then the transaction will take anywhere between two to three business days after that to post in your new account. I cannot speak on any other branch branches or banks that are different than Intellibank.
OK.
OK.
mhm.
So it can range anywhere from from from that period of time, but it it usually just takes a couple of business days.
mhm.
And the the transfer will be made, obviously, cuz this is a big transfer and a wire transfer, but also related to the closure of an account. The money will go into the account that you verified, obviously, cuz we verified that information today. So nothing else needs to be done on your end.
mhm.
And yeah. It'll all be taken care of in just a couple business days. is there any other information related to Intellibank or any other banking products potentially that you would like some information on related to us? I know that you're changing banks checking wise, but maybe in relation any credit cards or savings or anything?
No. That was all. Thank you.
OK. Sounds good and is there anything else that I can help you with today? Any other questions you might have?
No. That was it.
OK. Well Miss Zaragoza, it was a pleasure doing business with you. Hopefully, you will come back and see us and do business with us again in the future. But if not, we wish you the best of luck in your endeavors and where are you moving to?
California.
California.
mhm.
Where in California?
LA.
LA. I was born there.
Oh it's.
Kind of unrelated, but yeah. Well, Miss Zaragosa, best of luck to you over there on the West Coast. It's a great place to be. And hopefully, you do business with Intellibank again in the future but if not, well it was nice talking with you.
OK. Well, thank you so much. I appreciate it.
No worries. Glad I could help you out today. You have a wonderful rest of your day and good luck in California. Goodbye.
.
Hello. Good afternoon. This is Amy Jones from Intellibank. How may I help you please?
Good afternoon Amy. How are you?
I'm very well.
Yes. I want to make a complain about my card. I checked my account and I was debited for. I was debited with some money and I did not do any transaction internet debits. So I don't know what I'm gonna do and how I'm gonna find out how that happened.
OK. Can I get your full name please?
My name is David.
OK. Your first name and your last name.
My name is David Tony.
OK. Can I know your date of birth?
OK. Seven sixteen nineteen eighty-one.
OK. can I know an authentification number like your social security number or your driver's license? Any one.
Oh boy. I think I have that somewhere. Oh just hold on a bit. Gimme a minute. OK. Hold on a sec please.
OK.
Yeah. I think I OK. OK. OK, I have it right now. OK. Six seven one three four five eight two one.
OK.
Right.
OK. All right I will need to ask you some security questions. May I go ahead please?
Yeah, go ahead. Do your thing. It's all good.
what's your mother's maiden name?
Doris.
OK. What's the name of your first pet please?
I had a cat. I had a cat then you know. I don't know really where she is right now but her name was Mary.
Mary. OK.
I loved that cat.
OK. Can you give me your credit number for the card?
Wow. OK. Credit number for the card. It's right here. It's five four three two one.
OK.
Six seven eight nine one zero.
OK.
Three three two one two one.
OK. Can I know when this this transaction occurred and how much?
Frankly I wouldn't really know when it occurred but when I checked my my phone and I checked my account I just found out three days ago. I found out three days ago that my account. Some. This money was out of my account and I did not do any transaction like this.
OK. Can I know how much and when exactly you found out please?
Yes. I found out this morning. No, I found out three days ago but I'm reporting the case this morning. And and four thousand dollars went off.
OK.
Yeah. I was debited four thousand dollars.
OK, sir. Does anyone else have an access to your card please?
No. I don't think so. I I always carry my card with me and I carry my card with me. Except when I'm taking a shower but I carry my card with me.
OK. This transaction was made from a subscription from Netflix. Are you familiar with that please?
No. I I don't think so. I never made any transaction from Netflix. Sorry.
OK. So you don't have a subscription or an account with Netflix at all?
No, I don't. I don't have an account with those people.
I think someone might have subscribed with your card then. Have you tried contacting the the number or visiting their own website to complain about this?
No, I haven't. I I haven't really done that. You know. I haven't really done that. No. I just come to the bank direct cuz it was from the bank that the money went out. So I'm I'm thinking that you guys can do something about it.
All right, sir. We'll take our time to investigate on this transaction. And this might take like forty-eight to seventy-two hours if you don't mind.
No I don't mind. I mean as far as my money gets back to me I'm OK.
Well there is no guarantee but we'll do our best but for the meantime your card has been locked to prevent further fraudulent transaction.
OK.
All right. Thank you very much. Is there anything else you will want us to do for you?
Yes. I was actually wondering about the you know I travel a lot and I have my gold card with me but I don't know why it doesn't really work. The gold card. Is it. Is there any other card that I'm maybe. I'm. I don't know. I. I'm, I'm using my gold card for my traveling, is. Is that all right?
OK.
OK. You can use you a traveler card.
OK. There's a.
Traveler.
Card would be better.
OK. There's a there's a travelers card?
Yeah. There is.
So there's a gold card and there's a traveler's card.
Yeah, there is. So you can come to the bank when you are ready or visit our website for better information to get your travelers card.
Oh, wow. OK. OK.
OK.
OK. OK. OK.
It just
Jive you discounts when you make transactions, book hotels and you're traveling tickets. There there are discounts for using a traveler's card. So you should get that.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
OK. Thank you very much. I think I should do that.
All right.
Thank you very much and you have a lovely day.
You too. Thank you for banking with us.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, how can I help you today?
Yes. My name is Jimmy Watkins and I would like to open account.
And at the same time I want to dispute a. A transaction I noticed on my. One of my accounts.
OK Mister Watkins I can definitely help you out with that. just to let you know we are on a recorded line and my name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
All right thank you.
mhm. OK. So I take it you are a current customer with us?
Yes.
I I have a a savings and a business account with you all.
OK.
OK. And so I can look that information up. What are the last four digits of your social security number?
Nine two nine two.
OK. And what is your date of birth?
It is September eighteenth, nineteen sixty-eight.
OK. and OK. So I see your accounts here and So I can pull up the transactions. I'm gonna have you answer the security question that we have on file. is what is the the last name of your favorite teacher?
Khan. K H A N.
OK. and then the second one is what was the name of the city you were born in?
Sunrise, Florida.
Sunrise. OK.
OK. Perfect. All right. So I've got the account pulled up here. And so I'm seeing. Is it your. Is your business checking account? Is that what the fraudulent. Possible fraudulent charge was on?
Yes.
OK. And do you know how much the charge was for?
I don't.
No?
Yeah I don't. I. I just know what I thought it was cuz it was. It was odd cuz we made a purchase but. But the dollar amount did not match up. We made a purchase for two thousand. Like around two thousand dollars but the purchase it came back for like around thirty-five hundred dollars and I was like OK, did did we miss miss something that was charged more than. Than. Than what we thought?
OK. So. There's. I. I do see a transaction. See a transaction in the last week for three thousand five hundred and twelve dollars.
And that looks like it was to Dell Computers.
And so you're saying that this is not the correct amount that you were supposed to have been charged from them?
No.
Not at all.
OK. OK. So then what I'm gonna go ahead and do is I'm gonna open a a transaction dispute claim. And what I'm gonna go ahead and do is We have the ability to do this electronically now. so I could email you this document and then you would need to fill it out with this specific transaction information with the amount. The The vendor and the date the transaction occurred. And then let us know what the discrepancy is. And then once you get that back to us, then we can go ahead and we would refund the money to your account while we research the transaction with the vendor.
OK.
Mhm.
OK.
And So I'm just go ahead. I need you to go ahead and verify the email that we have on file.
What is your email address?
Oh my email address is basketball at Gmail dot com.
OK. Perfect. That is the one that we have on file. And so I will go ahead and get that sent over to you. and then like I said, as soon as you get that filled out then we will go ahead and refund that money and then start researching the transaction.
And then I believe that you said also that you were looking to open an additional account with us?
Yes.
OK.
And were you. What kind of account were you looking to open?
just a regular checking.
OK. Just a regular checking. So this is a personal checking?
Personal, yes.
OK. Perfect. OK. So I believe we have the information from your business checking account is is the. The name and the address. Would that be the same?
Yes. Everything matches.
OK. Everything would match for the accounts. And so this would just be. Just be you on the account or would you have another signer on here?
Just me.
OK.
All right. Just you. And then would you like to transfer money from your business account? Or would you like to deposit it to show money into the new account?
My thoughts were if I can come in and just kind of complete I mean you've done a great job on helping me understand what I have to do with the establishing of a new account and also I've made disputed.
At least you started the claim. I wanna come in. I just feel more comfortable coming in and just. doing everything. Coming in and just kind of finishing the work. The paperwork.
OK. Perfect, OK.
Yeah not a problem. we. We do have a We do have multiple branches. Do you need to. Do you need help finding the one closest to you or do you would you know where it is?
I know where it's at.
OK. All right. Well, great. And I'll go ahead and get this dispute like I said, taken care of and you will see that in your email here within a couple of minutes. And then I will just have Yeah you go into one of the local branches and then. But you feel free. Please feel free to call us back if you have any other questions.
Yes, I will. Thank you.
OK. Well thank you for calling Intellibank and I hope you have a great day.
All right. Appreciate it.
Good morning, and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Amy, how can I help you today?
Yes, I was calling to check the balance of my account.
I'll be happy to help you with that. First I'll need some information from you.
OK, that's fine. So, how is your day going Miss Amy? Mine has not been so great. I think someone has been spending my money and that is if that is true, I'm not going to be happy.
I am sorry about that but let's get this information to see what's going on with your account.
OK, what information do you need?
May I have your first and last name?
My first name is Melissa. The last name is Johnson.
OK, Miss Johnson. Your date of birth, please?
Is ten six nineteen eighty-five.
Thank you. Your account number?
My account number is two four six eight nine eight. Four seven.
Thank you. I would also need your mother's maiden name.
Yes. My mother's maiden name is Thomas.
What is the type of bank account Miss Johnson? Will this be checking or savings?
give me one moment let me make sure that I got the correct account that I'm looking for. I'm sorry about that. It's going to be savings.
Thank you. Are we going to be withdrawing any money today, Miss Johnson?
No, I'm just checking my balance.
OK, Miss Johnson. I am going to double-check your information, to make sure I have everything correct.
OK, that's fine.
Your name is Melissa Johnson. Date of birth is ten six nineteen eighty-five. Account number is two four six eight nine eight four seven. Mother's maiden name is Thomas, and we are calling to check the balance on your savings account. Is this correct Miss Johnson?
Yes. Everything is correct thank you.
Great Miss Johnson. OK, one moment please while I pull up your account balance.
Yes. Take your time, please.
OK, Miss Johnson. Thank you for holding. So checking on your account balance, we have an amount of two thousand dollars. Is that the correct amount?
Yes, actually that's great news. That tells me no money has been spent from my saving. that's the correct amount in my savings. So, I'm really happy to hear that.
I am happy to hear that Miss Johnson, Is there any other accounts you would like me to check on?
No, thank you, Miss Amy.
Would you like some information about our online banking? This would help you check your balance account at any time.
Maybe another time unfortunately I'm kind of in a rush. I actually need to go to work pretty soon.
OK, Miss Johnson. I understand, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you. I actually got all the help I needed. I appreciate it thank you.
It was a pleasure talking to you Miss Johnson. I hope you have a wonderful day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you, Miss Amy. Have a great day too, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Christy. How many I help you today?
Hi Christy. I'm on a business trip out of town and I was trying to find a branch near me.
OK sure I would be happy to help you out with that. May I have your name please?
Yes ma'am. My name is Mildred Pierce. P I E R C E and staying at the Plaza Hotel. Eighteen State Street. Topeka, Kansas. Have you ever been to Kansas before?
No actually I haven't. But I have a cousin that lives over there and he absolutely loves it. He's trying to get me to go out there next summer. I really hope I get a chance to go out there.
You should. It's beautiful.
Yes ma'am. He says the same exact thing. We're both from Georgia so I mean he says that it's beautiful, which I wouldn't have thought so with all the flat land and everything but I mean, the pictures he's sent me it's it's gorgeous and hopefully I'll get to go there. But OK.
I'm do have that address pulled up for you Mrs. Pierce and unfortunately I'm not seeing any branches within thirty miles of that location. Just to double-check, that address was one eight State Street in Topeka, Kansas. Was that correct?
Yeah.
Yes ma'am.
OK well again, I unfortunately do not see any locations within thirty miles of that location. Do you use online banking by chance? If not, I would be glad to help you set that up.
I do, but need to make a cash deposit. Can I do that at at an ATM?
Oh wow. Yes, absolutely you can. And you are in luck. I actually do see two of our ATMs that are pretty close to you.
will you hold just a minute? I have to get a pen and paper so I can write it down.
Sure. That's no problem whatsoever Mrs. Pierce. Just let me know when you're back and ready.
OK I'm sorry I made you wait. Will you give me the address please of the first ATM?
Absolutely. No problem. the first is going to be at nine zero three Apple Street. And that is of course Topeka, Kansas.
Thank you. let me read it back to you. Nine oh three Apple Street, Topeka, Kansas.
That is correct. And are you ready for the second address? OK the second will be at one five two Second Street also Topeka, Kansas.
Yes ma'am.
OK I've written down one fifty-two Second Street, Topeka, Kansas. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am it sure is. Now actually I do see that right across the street from the Plaza Hotel where you're staying there is a bank called Topeka Savings and Loan and they have an ATM there that you can use to make your deposit if you would like to do that since it's a little bit closer. But if you did use that ATM there would be a three dollar charge since they are out of network.
Let me think. OK. Thanks for your help.
OK. Not a problem Mrs. Pierce. Now again don't forget about the online banking and our address for that is WWW dot Intellibank dot com. I N T E L L I B A N K dot com. Is there anything else that I can help you with today Mrs. Pierce?
You've been very helpful Christy. I appreciate your help and I hope you have a great day.
Well thank you so much Mrs. Pierce. I hope you enjoy your business trip out there in Topeka. And again I do hope to get to visit there. But anyway, I do thank you for calling Intellibank. And again my name is Christy. have a wonderful day.
.
Good morning. Intellibank. How may I help you?
Hi, this is Roberta Smith. I need to change close out my checking account and put all my money in my savings account.
OK, no problem. We can do that. I just have to get some information from you first. I need your date of birth and the account number.
OK. So I got two twelve nineteen sixty-six. And my address is five two four North Orange Street, Fruit Bowl, Florida. Three six nine, four eight.
OK.
And my telephone number is four eight four, six three one, eight zero, six three.
OK. Thank you.
OK, now my checking account number is six four five, eight two zero, zero three dash four one. Four four zero, four zero, four zero.
OK.
OK. So that was six four five, eight two, zero zero three, dash four zero. And that's your checking account you want to close?
Correct.
Correct.
OK.
And you want to put wait. First I need to ask you some security questions. What was the what is your mother's maiden name please?
Adelman. A D E L M A N.
Thank you. And your the name of your first pet?
Charley, the cat.
Thank you. And what street did you grow up on?
Hickory Lane.
Thank you. That all checks out. Now, you. We want to close the checking account number, I mean the checking account and we're going to put it in which account?
My savings account.
OK. And what is your reason for the closure?
Because I'm going to eventually switch banks, but right now I want all my money in my savings account so no more checks can bounce.
OK. No problem.
So it's just
Gonna go in my savings account. Just want it in my savings account.
OK. We will do that for you. We will get it closed.
And you want to deposit in the savings, correct?
Correct. I can give you that number.
And
Yes.
Thank you.
Six four five eight two, zero zero three, dash four one.
OK. That's six four five, eight two, zero zero three, dash four one.
Correct.
I also will need your depositing routing number.
Four three, two seven, six eight.
OK. And your. Oh, I already got your account number correct?
My account number changing? Yes, you got my account number. Do you need my email?
sure, because afterwards I can send you all the information in an email.
It's Roberta. It's Robert with an A, J Smith at AOL dot com.
OK, that's Roberta J. Smith at AOL dot com?
Correct.
Good. OK. We're gonna take the whole eight hundred and forty-six dollars and thirty-seven cents and deposit it into your savings account number six four five, eight two, zero zero three four one.
Dash four one.
Yes. Sorry. OK. Good.
Correct.
OK, that is done now. Is there anything else that I might be able to help you with today?
Well, I was just wondering what my total balance is now on my savings account.
That looks like it is two thousand three hundred and forty-five dollars and six cents.
Whoa, that's awesome. That's so awesome, except now I can't get it out because it's in my savings account and I don't have a savings card to get anything out. but that's OK.
Do you. Would you like
Would you like a savings card to get it out?
If you have
It, then I could get just savings out that's cool. If you don't then.
You can just make a withdrawal?
I can make a withdrawal.
If you come into the branch.
Oh, OK. I can make a withdrawal. That sounds good, but I'm old and I don't know if I'm gonna be able to make it to this place to withdrawal in time. What are your hours of operation?
Nine to five every day, except for Fridays when we're open till seven. And Saturdays, we're at nine to twelve.
Oh, maybe I can make it Saturday. Maybe I can get my daughter to come and take me somewhere. Take me there. Or I'll just have to not worry about it. I shouldn't have any checks clearing cuz I only get paid once a month and it's only gonna go into my savings now. And I haven't made it paid any checks out. So.
OK, great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
And you said your, what was your name?
My name is Ronda Jones.
OK, well, Ronda Jones. I guess that's all that we need. Thank you.
Have a good afternoon.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Good morning, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Michael, how can I help you today?
Hi Michael, I was calling to check the balance of my account.
I'll be happy to help you with that. First I would need some information to verify your account.
OK. That's fine Michael. How are you today? You have a very nice voice. Where are you from?
Thank you. I was actually born in Tampa. But let's get this information to see what's going on with your account balance.
OK, that's fine.
May I have your first and last name?
My first name is Amy the Last name is Morales.
OK, Miss Morales your date of birth, please.
Date of birth is July ninth nineteen eighty-five.
Your account number, please.
the account number, give me one moment, please. OK, it's three four six seven four nine eight seven.
Thank you. I would also need your mother's maiden name.
My mother's maiden name is Gonzalez.
OK, Miss Moralez. Will this be checking or savings that we're checking on?
It's actually going to be my savings account.
Miss Morales, thank you for the information. Are we going to be withdrawing any money today?
No, I'm just checking the balance of my savings account, thank you.
OK, Ms. Morales, I'm going to double check the information to make sure I have everything correct.
Yeah, that's fine go ahead.
OK. Your name is Amy Morales. Date of birth is July ninth, nineteen eighty-five. Your account number three four six seven four nine eight seven. Mother's maiden name is Gonzalez. And we're calling to check the balance on your savings account, is this correct Miss Morales?
Yes, everything is correct thank you, Michael.
Great. OK, one moment please Miss Morales while I pull up your account balance.
That's fine take your time, please.
OK, Miss Morales. Thank you for holding. So, checking on your account balance, you have an amount of five thousand dollars. Is that the correct amount Miss Morales?
Yes, that's the correct amount thank you for the information.
Great, Miss Morales. Is there any other accounts you would like me to check on?
No, thank you Michael. I was just checking the balance of my savings account.
Miss Morales, would you like some information about our online banking? This will actually help you to check your account balance at any time.
No, thank you. Maybe next time I'll get that information.
OK, Miss Morales no problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. I think I got all the information I needed. Thank you for your help.
OK, Ms. Morales. It was a pleasure talking to you. I hope you have a wonderful day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you, Michael. Have a great day too, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Susan, who am I speaking with?
Hey Susan this is Justin. Hey you know I'm I'm I'm trying to find a branch of of Smart bank and and I can't I can't find it, can you help me with that?
Yes I can help you with that. What. It's not the name is not Smart bank. It's Intellibank.
Oh yeah that's probably big part of my problem. So. So OK yeah Intellibank, and I'm I'm in Raleigh. Raleigh, North Carolina and I'm I'm well there's so many one way streets I just keep getting turned around, I'm I'm kinda new to the area so is there how many are there branches you've got branches in Raleigh I assume.
Well.
Yes I believe we have we have branches in Raleigh. If you wanna hold on a minute I can call that up on my computer.
Oh that'd be great I really appreciate it.
And what's your zipcode?
Two seven six one three.
OK, I'll look that up here. While this is loading Justin how is your day been today?
Well good you know it was raining earlier today and that's kinda what really screwed me up now I've well I got this thing I I gotta get to the bank and I it's not like a meeting or anything but I gotta get there for the end of the day. And so so here I am in Raleigh, don't really know my way around, but I gotta find the bank.
OK, here I have I have two branches in Raleigh and one of them is open until four and the other is open until six today.
Oh, great.
Oh I could hit either one of them so so I'm on Hillsborough and wait a sec what's the name of that street. Hillsborough and I gotta get closer. Hillsborough and Damon street. That's where I am the corner of can you find that?
OK, hold on I'll check which one is which of these two is closer to you.
OK it looks like the branch Intellibank branch that's open until six o'clock is the closer one to you.
Oh, great OK.
And it's nine two zero four Independence ave. in Raleigh.
Inde~
Independence Ave. So is that is Independence Ave near my location? What are the I mean which direction? I'm kinda new.
It it.
Says here that it's about four minutes away. If by car. Are you walking or are you driving?
Oh no I can. I'll go back to my car. I thought I was close so yeah I can get to my car so then I'm on Hillsborough then I go down to in Independence.
Yeah it looks like you take Florence road Do you see where Florence was? OK. OK, take Florence road about four five blocks and you'll come to an intersection. You take a left on South road and you go about a mile.
Yeah I can see Florence from here.
Oh yeah I can walk that. OK.
OK, and then Independence road will be on your right about a mile down. It's a big intersection. It's a big road, you should be able to see it, and you take a right on Independence road and it's right around that corner.
Outstanding. All right well this is great I'll I got well I gotta get down to my car and then yeah I can get there. Man we got till six. I got all day. I could stop and get a sandwich even so .
Would you like further information about how to find nearby Intellibank Intellibank branches on our website.
You know I well this is what I'm thinking I I'm gonna be it's a short assignment here in Raleigh, be here about three months, yeah probably probably could do that. It's out there on your website?
Yes, you go to Intellibank dot com.
OK.
And then when you get there it will say it'll have up the top different different subjects and locations would be one of them. So click on locations it will tell you to put in enter in your address of where ever you are or where you're leaving from and it'll bring up about the nearest several within about probably fifty miles, in order of proximity.
OK.
Oh, great. OK well that sounds great I I appreciate your help and you have a great day.
Hey is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No I'm good. I'm good.
OK so are you satisfied with your service?
I am totally satisfied, gotta go. Hey I appreciate it.
Oh.
OK. Thank you.
OK.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Claire. How may I help you?
Yeah. Hey Claire. This is John White.
Good morning John. What can I do for you?
So I'm over here on the ATM at the ATM at eighteen east Grand.
OK.
Yeah. It doesn't work.
Oh dear. OK.
Let just one moment while I punch this on and get this sent off to our engineering department and IT guys to take a look at it.
Yeah
Real quick cuz I'm I'm only on lunch break for like an hour, is there a bank branch nearby?
Yes there is. just a second here. I'm finishing up this quick note. Sending it off.
OK. Let me look that up real quick from the ATM. I know there's one near there.
OK. It looks like it's showing there is an ATM three miles down the road and it is at fifteen twelve North Eighth Avenue.
Oh OK. Yeah that'll be fine. I can head there Yeah I can make it there in time. That'd be great.
OK. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No. You've been helpful. Thanks Claire.
I'm sorry about the inconvenience and you have a great afternoon.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Roland. How can I help you today?
yeah. Something's going on with my checking account. I'm looking at my statement, and I've got a charge for sixty-seven dollars and eight cents and I don't know what's going on with it.
All right. I can certainly help you try and figure that out. Can I get the name on the account, please?
Rolly Wood, W O O D.
Thank you, Mister Wood. And can I get your date of birth, please? July thirteenth.
Nineteen forty-one.
All right. And I just need you to answer this security question for me so I can access your account. What was the street that you grew up on?
Eight forty-two, Chapel Drive.
Chapel Drive. All right. Thank you, Mister Wood. Now let me see if I can help you figure out what this charge is. Now is this on your checking account I'm assuming?
Yes.
All right. And what date is the charge showing?
September fifteenth, twenty twenty-one.
OK, I'm seeing a few transactions on that date. Can you please tell me what the amount was?
Sixty-seven dollars and eight cents.
OK, yes. I see that charge. It looks like it was placed as an online transaction. and you don't remember placing this order, Mister Wood?
No, I do not. And it it says that Los Angeles, California?
Yes, sir. That shows where the transaction was processed through. I see that here.
I live in Florida. it wasn't me.
OK. Well, it does show it was an online transaction, sir. So it may have been something you purchased online possibly?
Mm, no. I don't buy books. I don't even hardly read.
OK. does anybody else possibly have access to that account or your your debit card associated with the account?
Mm, no. It's just me. I don't have a wife. I don't have any kids. I'm old. I I don't know what's going on. I I'm not very happy about it.
Well, certainly, I'm I understand the frustration, Mister Wood. Well, let's see. You don't you say you don't buy anything online. Is it possible that you have a subscription to something that might be charged on that account?
No, I can't think of anything.
OK. And your card has been in your possession. You haven't misplaced your card or misplaced your wallet at all in the last couple of weeks?
No, I've got my card right here.
All right, Mr. Wood. Well, let me go ahead and could I have you verify your driver's license number for me, sir?
All right. Hang on a second, while I while I go get my wallet.
OK, I've got it.
All right, sir. If you could go ahead and just read that out for me, please.
W five C E C S nine T H I M H.
All right, sir. Let me read that back and make sure I got that correctly. That's W as in William, S as in Sara C as in cat, E as in electric. C as in cat, S as in Sara, the number nine. T as in Tom, H as in Hank. I as in India, M as in marble, and H as in Hank. Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right, sir. Well, I have verified that information, and since you say you have not misplaced your card and no one else should have access to your account and you don't recognize the transaction, would you like to go ahead and escalate that as a disputed transaction. And I can get it sent through to our fraud investigations team for you?
if that that's the only way I can get my money back, yes.
Yes, sir. I will need to process it through our fraud investigations team so that they can investigate further. I can certainly get that escalated for you. And I would also advise that if you can contact that vendor and let them know the situation, they might be able to reverse that charge before our investigations team. They can take up to ninety days to fully investigate and verify this as a fraudulent charge.
I just want my money back. I didn't do it. And I don't know what's going on with y'alls bank but.
It's not right.
I certainly understand sir. And I apologize for the inconvenience it has caused I will go ahead and place a a temporary credit on your account for that funds pending the investigation. so you will see that money back in your account and then a member of our investigation team will follow up with you if they need any more information or to let you know the outcome of that investigation.
And again, I would ask that you can, if possible, contact the vendor. you know, ultimately, they have the control of reversing that money out of your account. without us needing to verify through the fraud process.
OK. I guess I'll have to do that then. All right.
All right, Mister Wood. And again, I apologize for the inconvenience this has caused for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today beyond escalating that to our investigation team?
No, that'll be all.
All right, Mister Wood. If you'll just hold on the line for one minute while I get this escalated.
Just to verify, Mister Wood, you said you'll you reside in Florida, is that correct?
That's correct.
Thank you, sir. I just wanted to put a note on here to in the escalations, so that they would be aware of that.
All right. I've gone ahead and got that escalated for you. And again, it can take up to ninety days. For that investigation to be processed. you will get sent a letter in the mail with whatever their outcome is. And if more information is needed from you, a member of that team will contact you. and there should be or there will be a temporary credit to your account in the amount of sixty-seven dollars and eight cents that will post to your account in the next two to three business days. as a reversal for that pending the investigation.
OK.
All right, Mister Wood. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I don't think so.
All right. Well, thank you so much for being a customer of Intellibank and again, I apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you. And if there's nothing else, I will let you have a wonderful rest of your day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Good afternoon. This is Rose at Intellibank. How can I help you?
hi Rose. My name is Tara. I have a issue with my account. I got this notice in the mail regarding a problem with my account. and I'm trying to understand what it's for. And I'd really like to talk to somebody in person if possible.
OK. Sorry that you're having that issue. So, let's just make sure that I understand you correctly. So, you're having some issues with your account and you need to speak to someone in person. So, you need me to locate a branch near you?
yes please.
OK. I can certainly take care of that for you. Bare with me just one second. Let me get into my system. can you please provide me with your street address?
Sure. My street address is forty-nine Holland Drive. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine zero one nine. I'm sorry. That was a little more than my street address.
That's OK. Alright. Thank you so much. Alright. Bare with me a moment. Let's see if I can find a branch that's near you. OK. Alright. And I also need to get your account number.
let me see here. Bare with me for one moment. I thought I had it right here. Hold on for one moment for me Rose.
Sure. Take your time.
OK. OK. I have it right here. my Intel account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. All right. Let's see what we can find here. Alright. And I I just wanted to make sure that you were calling the right bank. You did mean Intellibank right?
Oh yes. I'm sorry. I I say that wrong every time. Intellibank account number.
It's no worries. I hear it all the time. You you would be surprised at how many people get us mixed up, so it's totally OK.
Oh. Well that's good. I'm glad I'm not the only one.
No, not even close. I see that you guys are getting some crazy weather there.
Yes we are. There's been a lot of flooding and a lot of damage around these parts. Hopefully, you're not anywhere near this.
no. Thank God we're not, but we are boiling in our skin down here. It's super super hot, so
Oh no.
We're having weather issues, but differently.
Yeah. I'm not sure which one is worse. I'll tell you.
I know. Definitely ready for Fall and Christmas. And just to get out of this heat.
Yes. I agree. Amen to that.
Alright. Let's see. So, I'm I've been looking to see if there were any branches near you. and I'm having a hard time finding one. Bare with me. I'm still continuing to look. Just give me a few moments here.
Sure. No problem. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
You're very welcome. unfortunately, most of the branches I'm coming across are like in a a fifty mile radius. just crazy that there's nothing closer.
Oh wow.
let's see here.
You would think as big as Philadelphia is there would be.
Yeah.
More options.
You would think so. OK. So, I'm not able to find a branch that is near you. Do you have another address that you could give me possibly?
you could check near my my wife's job.
Mhm.
She works near Dover. So let me see. I think I have the address of her office.
OK.
here it is. It's one oh two Willow Brook Lane, that's in Dover, Pennsylvania.
OK.
I don't know if you all have any branches out near that way.
We do. I just found one. It's on seven. I'm sorry do you have a pen?
Yes, yes. I'm ready.
OK. It's on seven ten Euclid Avenue. And that's also in Dover. So, it looks like it's about two miles away from where your wife is working. And the hours are nine a.m. to five p.m.. and lets see. I think that's the only one that's the closest to her. That's the only one I'm seeing anyway.
OK. Well that will be great. That way she go ahead and stop by after work tomorrow. that works out just fine.
OK.
OK. Fabulous. And was there anything else that I could help you with today Ms. Johns?
No. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
you are very welcome. You stay safe and and definitely stay out of that weather.
Thanks again. Have a great day.
You're very welcome. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ronnie. How can I assist you today?
Yes, my name is Fred Smith and I'm calling to dispute a rather large transaction that I found on my billing statement. Ronnie, I'm hoping to get this situation resolved today. How is your day going so far?
It's going very well. How's your day going Mister Smith?
I've had better.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Let's get your concern resolved today shall we.
Sounds good.
In order to better assist you let me get your information and we can go from there and how we can resolve your concerns today.
Sure.
OK. May I have your first and last name?
Fred Smith.
Date of birth.
May seventh nineteen eighty.
And your authenticating ID number.
Five six nine eight seven zero.
For security purposes, what is your Mother's maiden name?
Jones.
OK. And the credit card associated with the transaction that you're disputing.
Hold on for a moment while I look up that information. I don't have my credit card on me can you give me a moment to check?
OK. Four eight nine seven two five eight nine six four five two five two two eight. I'm sorry I gave you the last four numbers out of order. Let me repeat again my my number. It's four eight nine seven two five eight nine six four five two two two five eight.
OK. And the dollar amount of the transaction?
One five nine two eight eight.
And the transaction date.
August thirty first two thousand twenty-one.
OK. And the reason for the dispute?
I did not make any purchases with that card on that date and I do not recognize the merchant on my billing statement for those charges.
OK. Let me confirm your information as you have given it to me to make sure I have everything correct. I have the first and last name as Fred Smith. Date of birth five seventeen nineteen eighty. Authenticating ID number, five six nine eight seven zero. Security question. Your Mother's maiden name was Jones. and the credit card associated with the transaction you're disputing is four eight nine seven two five eight nine six four five two two two five eight and the dollar amount is fifteen hundred and ninety-two dollars and eighty-eight cents. And the date of the transaction was eight thirty-one twenty twenty-one.
Mr. Smith thank you for providing that account information that allows me to properly research your account. Give me a moment to access your account information and thank you for your patience.
Does anyone else have access to the account who could have made the transaction?
No ma'am.
Do you recognize the transaction it shows an online merchant that sells wholesale items based out of Seattle Washington.
No.
Do you know if the transaction has a membership or subscription fee?
No.
OK. And have you been in contact with the business that made this transaction?
No. What are the next steps to disputing this transaction?
First we need to have the transaction investigated, that normally takes sixty days to complete. And we need to lock your card to protect against any further fraudulent transactions. Or we can issue a new card for security reasons. Which do you prefer?
I'm sorry for the interruption, my dog was barking. Let me put him outside, hold on a moment.
OK. Certainly.
If there are alternative methods of disputing transactions, can I set up an account online to help me facilitate the process?
Yes. We have alternative dispute methods. You can either go online or call the help line at anytime twenty-four seven and we'd be more than happy to assist you.
Great. I will set up an account.
And I also wanted to let you know that normally within sixty days after the investigation depending on the outcome. We will credit your card back of the disputed transaction.
That's good to know.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No.
OK. Here is our toll free number to check the status of your dispute anytime. It's one eight eight eight five eight two nine eight eight seven. And this is your dispute number. It is number nine six eight five two one and A as in apple.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
I thought you guys were called Intel Bank.
we are Intellibank.
Huh. OK. well I need to close my savings account that I have with you guys.
OK I can help you with that. First can I get your savings account number please?
Yeah it's one eight nine two seven three one seven two five.
OK thank you. And who am I speaking with?
My name is Karen Huxley. K A R E R I N, Karen.
OK Karen. Thank you very much. And for security purposes can I get your date of birth please?
Yeah. It's two seven eighty-two.
OK thank you. And I need an authenticating ID. This would be your.
Well if.
You do close this account though is that going to affects my credit? score because if that is I don't want to move forward.
OK that's a good question. credit scores are based on partly based on number of open accounts. since this is a savings account. let me ask you, are you going to be opening another account?
No I'm transferring to a different bank.
OK.
That has my savings account.
OK. There. Then there probably would not be much if any of a difference on on your credit score.
All right well then we'll we'll proceed.
OK. So next I would need your authenticating ID. looks like your driver's license number. Can I get that?
Yeah hold on. What am What if. If this is gonna happen today is this going to an in effect like right away? Like will it cancel all of the actions on the account or is it something that's gonna take like a week? Or what should I expect?
what you should expect is that I can cancel your card and that would be effective immediately.
OK. OK. Yeah so my driver's license number is six six one seven five four two.
OK thank you. And then one last piece of information. It looks like you have a security question. An answer to a security question. The security question is what is your pet's name?
Oh OK. Let's see. I set up the account in two thousand ten. We had a dobye bye. Sunny. Let's go with Sunny.
OK. Correct. That's what we have down here. All right so let me just verify the amount in your account. I show it's five hundred dollars and thirty-two cents.
Well I suppose that's right but my cheating husband had set my account up for his stupid girlfriend's makeup account and I had more in there but she just kept on ordering until I couldn't notice. So that's why I'm shutting it down because it's just stupid. And I'm done.
OK.
So yes. That account balance is correct I suppose.
OK. All right. And you mentioned that you wanted this balance transferred to another account? What. And.
Yes. To Bank of US.
OK. All right. Did they or do you abye bye. Do you already have the routing number and account? OK. Could I get that from you please?
Yeah.
Yeah which one first?
routing number please.
OK it's one five six three two five nine eight one.
OK thank you. all right and then the account number it will be going to.
Yeah it's one seven nine four five three zero zero.
OK. Thank you.
And how long will it take to get my money into that account? Is that another thing I'm gonna have to wait? Or.
It doesn't happen immediately. It will take up to three business days but I've noticed customers have told me that it usually happens a lot sooner than that, so sometimes within twenty-four hours. But just to be on the safe side say within the next three business days you can expect to see your money in that account.
And and it won't charge the account anymore other than what my stupid ex-husband was charging?
Yeah that's correct. I have already closed this account and have set it up so that in the morning when the banks open again at eight o'clock this transfer request will be sent out.
OK cuz I don't want him ordering more stuff. He's already gotten a bunch of stuff and he doesn't even know I'm canceling this account. I want it to be a surprise when her little makeup doesn't show up at that front door.
OK. All right. Well then this this will close your account. Like I said your account is closed as of right now. while I have you on the phone would you be interested in any further products that we that we have? We have interest bearing CDs, a very good interest rate.
You know
I don't know. I I wanna close this account. Maybe I should just be done with the bank. I don't need any more interest rate stuff on my account or my credit.
OK well this would be interest that you would earn from your money being in the CD. . Six month, two years, five years, however much time you wanna say that we.
OK I'll do it but is my husband gonna be attached to it cuz I don't want him to have access to it.
no he he would not be attached to it.
OK well you know I just don't have time for this right now. So I'll just. I'll stop here with just closing the account. As long as my money is in my new account that's all that matters.
OK.
Yes. Within the next three business days your money will be in your new account. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Unless you can find me a new husband then no. Thank you. Have a nice day.
OK thank you. You have a nice day too. Thank you for choosing Intellibank.
Good morning, Intellibank. How may I help you?
Hi.
My name is Julie and I was wondering if I could do some transaction changes. But first I wanted to ask, do you have any ATMs in the bank?
Yes we do. We have two at this branch.
And, OK.
That works. And so I just needed to know that real quick. But what I need to know now is if I can do some transferring of some funds of my checking account.
To my grandkids.
Do you need any information from me?
OK.
Yes I definitely need your whole name.
It's Julie, J U L I E Last name is A as an apple, N as in Nancy, G as in girl, E L O P as in Paul, O U L O S. It's pronounced Angelopoulos.
Angelopoulos.
And my date of birth is five two fifty-six.
And my social. Do you need that?
The last four digits.
Four three nine five.
OK. I'm going to need the account number that you want to transfer with and
Oh. Can you tell me my.
Balance, please?
Oh I certainly can.
In my checking account. But I need to give you the number right?
Yes.
I need the account number first.
OK.
Seven five three three one six dash five zero.
Seven?
Five three three one six dash five zero.
OK that's seven five three three one six dash five zero?
That is correct.
And that's checking?
Correct and I need that balance.
Yes ma'am.
Your balance on that checking account is six thousand dollars.
OK. Sounds good.
I need to switch some of that money around.
OK, what What would you like to do with that?
I would like to switch it to my grandsons account.
your grandsons account number?
And my grandsons account. My grandsons name is Joseph Angelopoulos. Same last name as me. and his account number is seven five three three two seven dash five one.
He just has a savings account there.
OK.
And I want to transfer a thousand dollars to that account.
OK. That's a thousand dollars to your grandsons account. Savings account. Which is seven five three three two one?
Two seven dash five one.
Two seven.
OK. Thank you.
So that's seven five three three.
Two seven dash five one.
Two seven dash five.
OK. Thank you.
Do you need any other information from me?
Yes I do. I need to get your Your
Yes, your security questions. what is your mothers maiden name?
Shew.
Felt. S H E W F E L T.
OK. And your. Name of your first pet?
Bert. The dog.
And the street that you grew up on.
Oh. Phillips Drive.
OK. It all checks out.
OK.
So now that we have transferred this money is there anything that I can help you with?
Matter of fact, there is.
I was so glad you asked me that.
I wanted to close out my checking account and my savings account. And I wanna put the money into my granddaughter, the rest of the money into my granddaughter's account account.
OK.
I need the first and last name of the Granddaughter's account.
Jade. J A D E.
And her last name is the same as my last name.
Which is A as in apple, N as in Nancy, G E L O P O U L O S. And that's pronounced Angelopoulos.
Angelopoulos.
and their date of birth?
My granddaughters date of birth is nine thirty ninety-three.
And your I already have all your information. I just need the account number for.
Hers is seven five three three two six dash five one.
Seven five three three dash two six?
Nope. Seven five three three two six dash five one.
That's seven five three three two six dash two one?
Five one.
Five one. OK. One more time. Seven five.
Three three two six.
Two si~
Five one.
Thank you.
Now I'm gonna have to ask you security questions once again. What is your mothers maiden name?
Shewfelt. S H E W F E L T.
Thank you. And your first pet?
Bert.
And what street did you grow up on?
Phillips Street. Or Road. Which I don't know. Phillips Street, Phillips Road. Which one of them.
OK. And which. How much did you want to put in your?
The remaining of my savings account which which is six would if I gave. If I gave him five thousand dollars left.
OK.
Yes.
You do have a five thousand dollar balance left.
And.
That goes to her account.
OK. So you're going to close out that account.
Closing out both of my checking and savings account and giving all the money to them. Mostly to her.
OK.
Cuz she's the first one. She's the special one.
Is there a reason for the closure?
Because they're gonna keep savings accounts there and I'm not gonna have a bank account at all.
OK.
And that's into her savings correct?
That's to her savings, correct.
And I need a routing number for her.
Savings account.
Oh.
Routing number. Hold on. Let me see if I can get that. I'm I don't know if I have that right off hand.
Hold on. I think I have it. Hold on. Let me look through these papers.
OK. I got it.
Four three two seven six eight.
OK. That's the routing number? Four three two seven six eight?
Yes it is.
OK. That's done and your accounts are closed. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. I think I'm good. If I call back I'll I'll I'll call back if I have any questions.
Good. Have. Have a good afternoon.
Thank you.
You too. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. This is Tom. How can I help you today?
yes, my name is Ronald Clayton. And I need to transfer money from my savings account to my checking account.
Absolutely, Mr. Clayton. I can certainly help you with that. Can I get the last four of your social security number, please?
Zero five, zero one.
Thank you, sir. And as extra security on your account, if you could answer the following question for me. What what the name of your best friend in high school?
Gary.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Clayton. I verified that information. And you were wanting to transfer from your savings to your checking account, is that correct?
That's right.
All right. And can you please give me the last four numbers on the savings account?
Seven nine eight zero. That's my savings. And my checking is nine six one nine.
OK, thank you Mr. Clayton. And can you go ahead and verify the last four on your checking for me again, please?
Nine six one nine.
Thank you. I've got your accounts pulled up. And how much would you like to transfer between those today?
Three hundred and ninety dollars.
All right. Three hundred and ninety dollars and zero cents, transferred from your savings account into your checking account, is that correct?
That is correct.
All right, sir. I will go ahead and process that transfer. And you should see the funds reflected in your checking account here within about thirty minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
how's the weather been doing up there?
The weather's been doing pretty good up here. It's been cool and sunny, and all around pretty good.
A good deal. It's been storming here. Raining lots and lots here.
Oh, that's never fun, sir. It I used to live in the northwest, and it. It was rainy probably three quarters of the year.
OK.
All right, Mr. Clayton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
you've been a big help. you can tell me How long. How long till that money gets into my checking account?
Yes, you should see that money available in your checking account balance in the next thirty minutes. It usually is pretty instantaneous. But, we do advise to allow up to thirty minutes. to see that reflected on your balance. It can take as long as two business days, though. So if you don't see that money reflected in your account after two business days, feel free to give us a call back, and we can try and figure out what the issue is there.
All right. Appreciate it.
Absolutely. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Mm, can't think of anything.
All right. Well, if you'll hold on the line, there will be a survey for you for you to let us know how your experience today was. And if that is all you needed, then I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, and have a good day.
Good afternoon. This is Rose at Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I am calling to find a ATM actually that's near me.
OK. I can definitely help you with that. I just have to get a little bit of information from you first. so that I can find one that's close to you.
Sure.
All right, Let's see. Bare with me, just a second.
How's your day been going?
Oh, it's been great. Thank you so much. How's your day?
It's been going pretty well. I've been out enjoying the weather. I'm sorry that you're having to work and not getting to enjoy the weather.
You lucky dog. Yes. It sucks being inside when it's so so beautiful outside. I haven't minded it too much in the summer because it's been exceptionally hot this year. I live in Myrtle Beach. and let me tell you the humidity has just been outrageous. I can't believe how hot it's been. It's finally starting to break. Like, it's not cool outside here yet. But, the humidity's gone and it just looks gorgeous and the trees don't really turn like they do where you are but and you're in PA right?
Right.
Right, right.
Yeah.
Yeah, you have the magic up there. Down here it's definitely different. We might get a little turning but you know, the best thing is not sweating your makeup off when you go to the beach.
Right, exactly.
Yes, ma'am.
all right, lets see here. So, can you tell me what the street address is that we have on file for you?
Sure. my street address is, let me see
And I'm so sorry. I went straight in to this like I know what your last name is. What is your last name?
Oh, that's OK. no problem. I can give you both. My last name is Johns. That's J O H N S. and my street address is forty-nine Holland Lane. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. One nine one zero one oh, and also my date of birth is April twenty-fourth, seventy-seven. If you need that.
OK. Thank you so much. All right, and bare with me just a moment while I see what the nearest ATM is to you.
Let's see here.
OK. So, I found one that's pretty close to you. this is fifteen miles away. Is that close enough? Or do you need something closer?
if, is is there anything at all closer?
Oh, let me check.
either way. That, I can go ahead and take that information.
OK. I did find one that's a little bit closer. It's only thirteen miles not
OK.
The closest, but I'll give you both. And you can just, you know, use whichever one's most convenient to you. OK. So the first one would be at two three zero one and that's Grays Gray with an S. Ferry Avenue.
Sure.
OK.
And that's in Philly.
And bare with me just one second, I'm looking for the ZIP. It didn't just pull that up immediately.
Oh, no that's OK. I know where that is.
Oh, fabulous. It's OK. And I did find the ZIP, one nine one four six. And the one I was telling you about initially that would be at nine hundred Market Street. That's at one nine one zero seven as well.
Yeah.
OK.
And also the hours to those to both of those are also the same. the, the ATM is open from nine a.m. to six p.m.. And then on the weekends it's open from nine a.m. to twelve p.m..
OK.
And also the daily withdrawal limit at both of those ATMs is five hundred dollars.
OK.
And let me see here. You said five hundred dollars is the daily withdrawal limit?
Mhm.
OK, great. And is the ATM hours the same as the lobby hours of, at both of these locations?
Yes, ma'am.
OK.
Perfect.
All right. And was there anything else that I could help you with?
yeah. I do want to check my account balance. let me see here. I wanted to check my account balance for my checking account.
Certainly. can you give me that account number please?
Sure. Let me see here I was trying to find it. As I'm saying the words, I want to check the account balance. And I'm not the hold on for one moment for me, Rose.
Sure. Take your time.
Thank you.
Oh, great. Here it is. OK. I have account number if whenever you're ready.
All right, I'm ready.
It's one zero zero one one two zero five nine five.
All right, thank you so much. And it looks like the balance on this account is, five thousand five hundred and thirteen dollars.
Oh, great. OK.
Mhm.
OK. I've got this all written down.
OK.
All right. Thank you so much. And
I just wanted to ask you, the ATM location and and everything, that I can find on on your website, on Intellibank dot com, right?
Intellibank?
Yeah. Oh, yes. I'm sorry. Intellibank dot com.
It's no worries. People get that confused all the time. There is actually an Intel bank as well. So, I just wanted to make sure you were talking about the right one.
yes, you can.
OK. Great. All right, well thank you so much. I really appreciate your help today.
Oh, you are so welcome, Kim. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Nope. That's everything.
I'm so sorry. At the beginning of the call didn't you ask me about a a service that you needed? I, I just wanted to make sure I had covered everything.
Oh! Never mind. I'm so sorry. I, I am so confused. I was thinking about another call. I apologize.
Oh, that's OK.
All right. Having a crazy day today.
No worries. No worries. Hopefully it'll be over soon.
Thank you.
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. You are a loyal customer and we appreciate your business. And you have a wonderful rest of your day Miss Johns.
Thank you so much, have a good one.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose, how can I help you today?
hi Rose. My name is Kim. how are you doing today?
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. How how are you?
I'm doing great. I I'm calling back, actually, I had called earlier today. I need to close my savings account. but I got disconnected earlier and I, unfortunately, was at work and got held up again and didn't get a chance to call back, so I'm calling tonight to to close my savings account. I do still want to keep open my checking account, but the the fee for the savings account right now is just something that I'm not. I can't afford, so.
I completely understand and I can see. I'm sorry, what was your last name? Let me just make sure I'm looking at the right account.
Oh, that's OK. My last name is Johns, it's J O H N S.
OK. Yes. I I do have the right account up. it matches with your phone number. And I do see where you had previously tried to call in. And definitely gonna take care of that for you today, Mrs. Johns. I just have to ask you a few more questions so I can get into your account for you, OK?
Sure.
All right. Can you please tell me your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. Thank you so much, and can you, please, provide me with your account number?
sure that is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johns. And I have a security question for you. what is your mother's maiden name?
Sure. It's Murphy.
OK. Thank you so much. And, let's see here. OK. And what is your reason for closing your account?
the it's just the fee for per month is I can't afford it. So, I'm having hard. I'm having trouble saving, so I just wanna. I know there's not much in the savings account. I'd like to transfer it to my checkings. Checking account with you all. until I'm able to, you know, open a savings account again.
OK. Thank you so much. and the account I'm so sorry. So, your gonna deposit into your checking account and I would need that routing and also the account number. If you don't have the routing number I can provide that for you. but I definitely need the account number for the depositing account.
Right. well the account was with you guys. So, I don't have the routing but I can imagine, I would think it would be the same.
It's the same.
Yes.
and the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Mhm.
OK. And I'd like to confirm that residual balance with you. of the account that we're closing, and that account has five thousand dollars five hundred excuse me, five thousand five hundred dollars and thirteen cents and I'm going to close this account now and deposit that amount into your checking.
Yes. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Bear with me just a few moments while I take care of this for you.
OK. I've got that set up for you, Mrs. Johns. And I just wanted to advise you that this transaction has now taken place. you will receive a confirmation email from me in about thirty seconds. The closure will have taken place at that point so that account will be null and you can no longer access it. could you let me know if you've received that email?
Sure. Let me let me check here.
OK.
OK. OK. I have the email here. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help.
You're very welcome, Mrs. Johns. And would you like any further information about any of our other banking products that we have available?
no, not today, hun. Thank you so much. I really appreciate your help with this.
You're very welcome. and is there anything else that I can do for you today before I let you finish enjoying your weekend?
No no. Thank you so much and you have a great weekend.
All right. Thank you so much, Mrs. Johns. We value your loyalty here at Intellibank and appreciate your business. Thank you for calling and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
You're very welcome. Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I'm calling about a a stolen card or a lost card. I'm not sure.
OK you're not sure if your card was stolen or if you lost it?
Right. I I'm not sure if it was stolen or lost. I guess I need to not only cancel that card and get a new one sent, but also probably check my account. are you able to re-issue the card over the phone and if so how long about does that take?
yes. I'll have to get some information from you to in order to help you with this request, but we are able to re-issue you a a card in this call and generally it takes between five to seven business days for you to receive that.
OK.
OK so I wanna go ahead and get some information from you so we can get this taken care of for you today.
Sure.
I know you said your first name is Kim. Can you tell me what your last name is and spell it also?
Sure it's Kim Johns. J O H N S.
OK thank you so much Ms. Johns and can you please tell me what your date of birth is?
that's four twenty-four seventy-seven.
All right thank you and also do you have. I know that the card is not with you in your possession. do you happen to know the card number by heart?
I don't have the card number, but I do have my account number with you all. bear with me for one moment. Let me go grab that.
OK. Take your time.
OK. OK I'm back. I have the card number here.
All right go ahead.
I'm sorry. Excuse me. The account number, not the card number.
That's OK. I know what you meant.
The account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much and also what is your mother's maiden name?
maiden name is Davies.
OK thank you so much and and what date did you lose this card on?
I noticed it lost a couple of days ago. So I guess I would say that was the twentieth. I I hadn't gone to use it since then. So I don't know if it if it was or excuse me prior to then. So I don't know if it was prior to then, but I know I went to look the other day. So I would say as of the twentieth.
OK. Thank you so much for providing that information and do you know what the most recent transaction was?
The probably the last transaction I I had would have been McDonald's. I'm trying to think what all I did on that day. I had run to a few stores and gone to the grocery store. but I. I'm pretty sure the last thing I did was went to McDonald's. So if there's if there's anything on my account after that then maybe. It may have actually been stolen because I don't. I don't think I charged anything after that.
OK. All right and then the last thing I will need is the mailing address that we have on file for you.
sure. My address is forty-nine Holland Drive. That's H O L L A N D and that's Philly, Philadelphia Pennsylvania and the ZIP is one nine zero one nine.
OK so we have a different address on file do you
Mm.
OK I did just move within this past year. So I I thought I had gotten some things in the mail from you all but let me let's try my previous address. I was previously at one oh two Willow Brook Lane. That's W I L L O W B R O O K. Willow Brook Lane in Dover, Pennsylvania and that ZIP is one nine one seven three.
OK so we don't have that address either. In order to fulfill your request I would need the the address that we actually have on file for you. Is there any other ones that you can think of?
do you all have an address on file for New Jersey?
No and I'm sorry. It can only There's only so many times that I can give you the option to give me the the correct address. I'm very sorry. I won't be able to help you with this today until we can get that that address updated and taken care of. I I know this is a inconvenience and I and I apologize but I I wouldn't be able to continue the call until we can get that taken until that's updated.
Would I.
Would I be able to go on go on the website and and update my address?
Yes, yes. You certainly can. Yes you can go on the website and and you do have our website right? Intellibank dot com. OK wonderful. I do apologize Ms. Johns. I wish I could help you further today. is there anything else that I could help you with?
Yes.
no that's OK. I will go on there and and update my address and then I guess give you all a call back so I can go ahead and get the new card.
OK. All right. Thank you so much. Again, I apologize. It's just you know company rules. So I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day and are able to get this taken care of. we will go ahead and cancel that card so no transactions can no further transactions can be made on your card so you can get this taken care of and get that sent out. Till you get a new one sent out.
OK. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
You're very welcome. Hope you have a wonderful day.
Thanks. You too, hon.
Bye bye.
It's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy, how may I help you?
hi Cindy I'm one of your customers and I'd like to close my savings account and move those funds over to another account.
OK great I'll be happy to help you with that. may I ask what is your first and last name please?
My name is John Meadows. M E A D O W S.
Thank you Mr. Meadows. And may I have your date of birth please?
Yes, January fifteenth nineteen seventy-five.
Thank you, and how about your driver's license number?
my driver's license let me I'm gonna have to get that it's in my wallet. Just just a moment please.
Sure, take your time.
Here we go. I got my wallet here and let's see my
Your driver's license.
Yeah, is A Z one two six eight two nine.
Was that A C one two eight six?
A Z for Arizona.
oh OK.
A Z one two six eight two nine.
Thank you so much. And how about your phone number?
My phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two. And my email assuming you want it is J D M E A D O W S that's J D Meadows at Gmail dot com.
Thank you so much Mr. Meadows and why don't we just verify your address too.
Yes, my address is seven five three Dogwood Street. Nope. Phoenix, Arizona eight five oh oh three. And let me just backtrack for a moment. I get it confused with Street it's it's Road, Dogwood Road. let me say that again. five seven five three Dogwood Road, not Street, Phoenix, Arizona eight five oh oh three.
Sure.
Got it.
Thank you, thank you for that correction. OK, great and which account would you like to close today?
I'd like to close my checking account. Excuse me I'd like to close close my savings account and move those funds to my checking account.
eh OK wonderful. Do you happen to have your savings account number?
Yes. My savings account number is zero zero three two seven six.
Thank you so much. OK one final security question and then we'll be good to go. What is the name of your first pet?
great memories Cleo, C L E O.
Perfect, thank you Mr. Meadows. OK let's get into your account.
I have one questions, on my savings account, before we close it, could you give me a balance please?
Yes of course, one moment please. OK it looks like your balance is five hundred and twenty-three dollars and twenty six cents.
Perfect.
So we're going to close your savings account today and move that money to your checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK great.
Do you want the checking account number?
No, that's OK.
OK.
Just give me one moment here.
Let me ask you a question while you're looking that up. I may want to open a new savings account in the future here. I know we're closing this one, but let's say in a month from now I want to open a new account. Can I do that online?
Mhm.
yes, because you have an existing account with us you can open a new savings account online. Do you currently use our online banking service?
No.
OK, well you would need to set up your online banking account first. Would you like me to show you how to do that?
Yeah, I would
Love it.
OK, let me finish here first and close the savings account. OK, that's closed and we have transferred the funds. To your checking account. Now to open another savings account you would go to our website which is Intellibank dot com.
I can go there right, let let me just key in in, I'm sitting at my computer.
Sure, go ahead.
How do you spell that?
It's I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
Got it.
Great, now you'll see the large green register button in the top right.
Yes.
Click that and it will ask you a series of questions some your some like your address and your phone number. And then there are also a few security questions and you will create a login and password. Your login is your email address. Your password you can make up. And you hit submit at the end of that form and then within twenty-four hours your account will be active. So to access your account you will go back to the same webpage but click login and type in your username and password, and then you will see the option at the top of the screen to create a new account.
OK, great and I and I can do that, I I'm going to do that after we finish chatting here. to just have access to my current checking account then.
Absolutely, you'll be able to see your current balance and all of your transactions and you can also get electronic copies of your statements.
Perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've done a great job and thank you very much for your service here today.
Well, thank you so much Mr. Meadows and we thank you very much for your business.
And.
Thank you.
Enjoy your day.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Amanda. May I help you?
Yes, I would like to open an account today.
OK, great.
I have an account with another bank already. But I've had nothing but trouble with them since I've opened my account. So I'm trying to find another bank.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. But I'm so glad you've chosen Intellibank to open a new account with. OK, can I get your first and last name please?
Yes, it's Jennifer Johnston.
OK, do you know what type of account you would like to open?
Yes, I'd like to open a checkings account.
OK, are you familiar with the types of checking accounts that we offer?
No, not really.
OK, that's all right. Are you wanting to open a personal or a business checking account today?
A personal.
OK, well we offer two types of personal checking accounts that I can tell you a little bit about. OK, we have our most popular checking account that's called Intellibank free checking. OK, this checking account requires a hundred dollar deposit to open the account. And you'll receive a free book of fifty checks every month. And you will also receive your free debit card, there's balance protection And there's free online banking. There's no monthly fees on this account as long as you sign up for direct deposit. And then we also have our second checking account that's called. Called Intellibank checking for all. this is our interest-bearing account. OK, there's no minimum deposit to sign up for it. And no monthly fees as long as you keep a balance of five thousand dollars in your account. OK, plus we pay a two point five percent interest rate on your money monthly, which is also. It's pretty high compared to other banks. OK, we receive. You'll receive free credit monitoring, free online banking, bounce protection, a debit card, and you'll also have the option to sign up for direct deposit, but it's not a requirement. Do you have any questions about either of these?
Yes, you said that the second one has to have how much in it monthly?
the checking for all has to have a minimum of five thousand dollars in it at all times in order to avoid fees.
Oh, OK.
OK, so which one would you be interested in, Jennifer?
I'm I think I'll go with the last. Or, the first one.
OK, the free checking?
Yes, that one.
OK, great. OK, let's get your info, and I'll get you set up with that today.
OK.
OK, so you said your full name was Jennifer Johnston, right?
Yep that's right.
OK, can I get your date of birth?
It's eight six two thousand.
OK, and what's your social security number?
It's two seven seven eight two five seven two two.
OK, so that's two seven seven, eight two, five seven two two.
Yes, that's correct.
OK, and can I get your physical address?
It's five nine nine Bluefield Road San Diego, California two two four three four.
OK, and we need to set up a security question for you.
OK.
OK, we have three to choose from. We have what's your mother's maiden name. Or, what's the name of your first pet. Or what's the street you grew up on.
let's do what's the street you grew up on.
OK, and what's the answer to that?
It's Adams Street.
OK. OK, so I think I have you all set up for your free checking. Cuz this requires a hundred dollar deposit. OK, you have up to five days to make the deposit to keep your checking account active. Would you like to take care of that today?
Yeah, I can do that today.
OK, great. OK, you can pay that over the phone with me now. Or, you could go to any branch and make that deposit there. which one would you like to do?
I'll pay over the phone now.
OK, will you be using a debit or credit card for that?
A debit card.
OK, and what's the name on the card?
It's Jennifer Johnston.
OK and what's the card number?
It's five zero four seven zero zero one seven eight nine one one three three one zero.
OK, I'm gonna repeat that back to you. It's five zero four seven zero zero one seven, eight nine one one three three one zero.
Yes, that's correct.
OK, and what's the billing ZIP code?
It's two two four three four.
OK, and what's the security code on the back of the card?
It's zero three three.
OK, Jennifer. Looks like you're all set up for your free checking. You should receive your debit card and your first book of fifty checks within the mail in probably within ten business days.
OK, thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, I think that's it. Thank you.
All right Jennifer, you have a good day.
You, too.
All right, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Service. This is Steven. How can I assist you?
yes. I just received my Intel savings account statement and I'm questioning the fee that's being charged each month. It looks like I'm being charged a five dollar fee and I just want to know what that's about.
Certainly and just to clarify is that your Intellibank savings account?
Yes. My Intellibank savings account.
All right. I can certainly help you figure that out. Can I get your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you and your date of birth, please?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
And the last four of your social.
Eight zero one one.
Thank you and then if you'll just answer your security question for me. What is the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I've got that information pulled up and can I go ahead and have you just verify your phone number, please.
Six six one two two one three zero five five.
All right, sir. I've got that verified. Now, you were calling about a five-dollar fee on your savings account. Is that correct?
Yes. I was just curious as to why I'm being charged a five-dollar fee on a savings account?
All right, sir. Let me just take a look at your account real quick. If you'll just bear with me a moment.
All right, sir. It looks like that five-dollar fee would be because your account has not had the required minimum balance month-over-month in it of five hundred dollars.
OK. Well in that case. I just want it. Can I just close my account then and and transfer the money to my checking account?
Yes, sir. We can certainly go ahead and do that. is there any particular reason why you're wanting to close your account today?
Well, if I'm paying a five-dollar fee each month and I'm only gaining maybe fifty cents a year off my savings account. Then it's certainly not worth it.
I understand that, sir. we can always set up an automatic deposit from your checking account. If you have a checking account with us.
that way we can. That would waive that five hundred dollar minimum balance.
No. Just want to go ahead and close it.
All right, sir. Well, I can certainly go ahead and do that for you.
do you have another account with us here at Intellibank or different accounts that you would like to transfer the remaining funds into?
I have a checking account with you.
All right, sir. Can I go ahead and get the number for that account?
OK just a second. Let me look it up.
Absolutely, sir.
OK. I got the number off a used check that I have. It's two zero nine zero two one eight four two zero
All right, sir. Thank you for that. yeah. I see that account here with your information on it.
and would you like to transfer the entire balance of the savings account to that account, please?
Yes. how long will that take to occur?
Yes, sir. You will see these funds appear in your checking account should be by the close of business today and the remaining funds in the savings account has a balance of one hundred and three dollars and two cents.
So you should see that credit to your checking account.
OK. That sounds great. How's your day going so far?
my day has been pretty good, sir. I haven't had too many rough calls today so.
Well, that's great. Hope mine has been a pretty easy one.
Oh, that's good to hear, sir.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well, if you'll hang on the line for me. There'll be a brief survey to let us know how we did today and how we can better assist you in the future.
OK. Sounds great.
Thank you, sir, and thank you for being a customer of Intellibank. You have a good one.
All right.
Thank you.
You have reached Intellibank customer service helpline. Please, how may I assist you?
Yeah, hello. How are you?
I'm doing good, ma'am. Please, how may I be of assistance?
Well, customer service guy.
Yes, ma'am. I'm at your service.
Do you even have a name?
Yes, ma'am. You can call me Mike, ma'am. Please, how may I assist you today?
OK, Mike. I have been trying to send my friend some money for days now. It just won't go through. Can you help?
Sure I can. Please, can you provide me with your full name, ma'am?
Yeah, right. I am Jane Anderson.
OK, is it all right if I call you Jane?
Yes, Mike. You can call me Jane.
OK, Jane. If I if I understand you correctly, you would like to make a transfer to a friend.
Yes, please.
OK. I will assist you with this. However, to process your request I would require some more information about your account and the intended transaction as well.
OK, whatever. So much information. It's really frustrating. Oh, OK, it's fine.
I duly apologize, Jane. Please know that this information is required to preserve the integrity of your account.
I understand, please proceed.
Thanks for your understanding, Jane. Please provide me with the last four digits of your social security number.
OK, social security number, last four digit number. OK that would be one, zero, nine, three. One, zero, nine, three. Yeah.
Thank you for that information. Please, may I have your date of birth?
That would be eighteenth August nineteen ninety-six.
Thank you for confirming your information. However, there is one last security question required before I can process your request for a transfer.
Now you guys are doing it again. Haven't I provided enough information already?
I am very sorry, Jane. However, this information is necessary to keep your account safe. I am sorry for any inconvenience this may have cost you.
It's fine. Please proceed.
Thank you. Please, may I know the name of your first pet?
Dumbo, my brown German Shepard.
Confirming that information, Jane. Your pet's name is Dumbo.
Yes, as in Dumbo. D U M B O. Dumbo.
OK. Dumbo as in D for dog. U for umbrella. M for man. B for black. O for orange.
Yeah, that's correct.
Thank you for confirming and verifying your identity.
Finally.
I'll proceed to process your request, Jane. But, please may I have the account number you would like to send these funds from?
Send funds from my accounts.
Yes, Jane, we will send these funds from your account. However, you have more than one account with us at Intellibank. Please call out the account number you would like to transfer these funds from.
Oh, OK, let me check my diary. Give me a sec.
Go ahead, Jane. Please take as much time as you may need.
OK, found it. it's a checking account. and the account number is three, five, one, one, zero, seven, four, nine, nine, one. I'll it again. Three, five, one, one, zero, seven, four, nine, nine, one. Yeah.
Thank you for providing your account number. May I know how much you would like to transfer?
I would like to transfer two hundred dollars and fifty cents, please.
OK, Jane. Two hundred dollars and fifty cents, right?
Yes, please.
May I know the recipient's account is in the United States or another country.
Yeah, my friend is in the United States.
May I have the recipient's account number?
Give me a moment. Let me check my for that.
That's not an issue, Jane. ahead.
OK, found it. It's three, eight, two, two, zero, four, seven, three, one, four. I'll it again. Three, eight, two, two, zero, four, seven, three, one, four.
May I have the recipient's routing number?
Routing number?
Yes, Jane, a routing number. It's a nine digit number that helps direct your transfer to the right bank.
Oh, OK. Just saw it in the chats. It six, one, three, one one, five, one, nine, seven. I'll take it again. Six, one, three, one, one, five, one, nine, seven.
Thank you for providing the relevant information. I want to quickly check through the information you provided earlier.
All right, go ahead.
Jane, you are about to ensure a transfer from your account with account number three, five one, one, zero, seven, four, nine, nine, one to recipient account number three, three, eight two, two, zero, four, seven, three, one, four. With routing number six, one, three, one, one, five, one, nine, seven. For the sum of two hundred dollars and fifty cents. Please say yes, I agree, to confirm this transaction.
Yes, I agree.
Great. Please know that this transaction will cost you two dollars and fifty cents in processing fees. Do you acknowledge these fees? Please say yes, I agree, to confirm.
Yes, I agree.
Thank you, Jane. Please hold while I process your transaction.
OK.
Thanks for holding, Jane. Your transaction has been processed and confirmed. Your friend should get these funds within one to three working days. You should get an email soon with further information concerning your transaction.
Thanks, Mike. You have been helpful.
Glad I could help, Jane. Please, may I know there's anything else I can assist you with today?
Not really. It's just that my bank does not does not display all my transactions most times.
I apologize about that, Jane. I am very sorry your bank app doesn't currently display your recent transaction. Although, I would advise you update your mobile app to the latest version. Simply do this by opening the Play store or Apple app store app on your device as the case may be and search for the app and click update button. This should solve the problem.
Oh, OK, thank you.
Will that be all for now, Jane?
Yeah, I think so.
Kindly give us a call or reach out to us by any of our official platforms on Facebook, Twitter, email, or by live chat on our website if you have any concerns.
OK. Thanks a lot, Mike.
Thank you, Jane, for calling Intellibank customer service. Do have a wonderful day, OK?
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kathy. How may I help you today?
Hi. This is Laura Winters and I'd like to open a banking account.
That is wonderful to hear. We can definitely start the application process over the phone. However, I do need to inform you that we won't be able to finalize your account over the phone today. we would need you to come into one of our branches to finalize the account. Is that something you're able to do?
yes. I can probably do that. Do you have any branches in the southeast part of town?
In fact, we do. our southeast location is at fifteen hundred East Bradley Avenue. Of course, in Pueblo Colorado. Eight one, zero one three.
Oh, great. That's right in my ZIP code. So I'm sure I'll be able to find that. So what do I do?
So I can go ahead and collect some information from you over the phone here. first and foremost, if I can please have you repeat your first and last name for me?
It's Laura Winters.
Wonderful. And Miss Winters, are you wanting to establish a savings or a checking account with us today?
Checking account, please.
Excellent. And if I could please have you, Miss Winters, give me your full social security number and your date of birth, please?
OK. It's three seven eight, three nine, eight five, seven seven. And my birth date is four five fifty-five. That's April fifth, nineteen fifty-five.
So how's your day going?
Oh, thank you so much for asking. I'm actually having a wonderful day. How's your day going, Miss Winters.
It's going fantastic. Thank you. And I'm glad your day is going nice. You sound like a very nice young lady.
Thank you so much. I definitely appreciate that. and so what is your current address, Miss Winters?
It's nine eight seven, South Pappawa Drive, Pueblo Colorado. Eight one, zero one three.
And Miss Winters, could I please have you spell Pappawa for me?
Sure. It's P A P P A W A. Pappawa Drive.
Thank you so much. And also, what is the best phone number for us to reach you at, please?
First it's seven one nine, two one five, two six, nine nine.
Thank you. And finally, which email address would you like associated with your account today?
let's see. I think the easiest one would be Laura Lynn at SuperMail dot com. That's Laura, L A U R A. Lynn, L Y N N, at SuperMail dot com.
Thank you. And in order to safeguard your information, we will need to set up a security question for you today.
Oh. How about what street I grew up on? Would that work?
That is a fantastic security question. And what would be the answer to what street you grew up on?
it's Saint Johnson's Street. Three words. Saint, S and do I spell it out or or can I or is it just something I give the call center?
this would be some information you would just give the call center for us to verify you whenever you do call in over the phone.
OK, great. And is there a convenient way to check my balances or do my banking without having to call customer service?
I'm so glad that you asked. In fact, there is. it's just as simple as getting on to our website. That's WWW dot Intellibank dot org. Along the top banner, you can locate our member login button. Clicking that will direct you to a new page. Once there, you can just simply click the enroll button, and answer the prompts. That will allow you to be able to establish your online account. From there, that will give you access to all of the different services that we do offer, including checking the balances of your accounts, making any transfers. you will also be able to use our online loan application. And with your checking account, you do also have access to our bill pay program. And we do have a site that you can order checks for free.
Free. That sounds wonderful. That's my kind of checks.
We aim to please here, Miss Winters. And is there anything else that I would be able to help you with today? Do you have any other questions for me?
No. I think I'm all set. Thank you very much.
You are very welcome. I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your day. We look forward to seeing you in our branch at your earliest convenience to finalize your account with us. And thank you so much for contacting Intellibank for your banking needs. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes. My name is Dan Thomas, T H O M A S. And I need to. I need for you to look up a transaction that I do not recognize on my checking account. I believe it's associated with my debit card. And that would be my Intel bank debit card.
All right. Did are you sure you meant the Intellibank debit card I believe?
Yes. Intellibank. That that's correct.
All right. I can certainly help you with that. can I have you verify your first and last name for me?
Dan Thomas, T H O M A S.
And your date of birth, please?
May twelfth, nineteen sixty.
Thank you, sir. And can I get the the sixteen digit number that is on your debit card?
two six six nine, four zero seven seven, three five, six five, one zero nine three.
Thank you. And then, just the security question to verify your identity. What was the name of the street that you grew up on?
Magnolias Street.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I can certainly help you try and get to the bottom of this charge that you're not recognizing. can you tell me the date that that transaction is showing?
it shows September thirtieth, twenty twenty-one.
All right. Thank you for that. Lemme find that here in the history. All right. I do see a transaction made. it looks like it was an online order or online process for Amazon dot com. Does that does that ring any bells for you, Mr. Thomas.
no. I haven't made any Amazon purchases in quite some time. mm, I guess. I guess maybe my account got hacked or something.
All right. Well mm, would you like to go ahead and just dispute this charge, sir?
yes.
All right. Can I have you verify the amount for that charge?
It says fifty dollars and thirteen cents.
All right. Thank you very much, Mr. Thomas. I can go ahead and start the process on that. and you say you believe that your account was hacked. And so, that this would be a fraudulent charge? Is that correct?
Yes. will I get a new card in the mail?
you will get a new card. I will close this card down. And so, that it will not be linked to your account anymore. you will receive a new card in five to seven business days in the mail. so please do keep an eye out for that. And and we'll go ahead and send this onto our escalations team so that they can begin investigating this. And go ahead and get that charge reversed for you pending that investigation. so it will be a temporary credit onto your account for now. And we can go ahead and get that taken care of for you.
OK. Sounds great.
All right. And just so that you know that that their investigation can take up to ninety days. they will reach out to you with a information as they as they need.
OK. And that sounds good. what about my subscriptions that I have tied to that card?
yes, you you will need to contact any of the merchants that you have for recurring payments with that card and update your payment information to your new card number when you receive it.
All right. I can do that.
All right, Mr. Thomas. Well is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well, I will let you enjoy the rest of your evening. And if you don't mind hanging on the line after we disconnect, there will be a brief survey for you to fill out. Let us know how we did today and how we can better serve you in the future.
All right. how's the weather been doing up there?
Oh, the weather up here has been pretty good. it's been sunny, but cool lately. So, just that perfect fall weather really.
Oh, wow. It's it's starting to snow where I'm at.
Oh, wow. Yeah. Luckily, we we usually don't get snow until pretty late in the winter, so be a little while for us I hope.
OK.
All right. Well, if there's nothing else I can do, you have a wonderful day.
All right, you too. Thank you.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sandra. How can I help you?
Hi, this is Peter Davis. I want to find my nearest ATM machine.
Oh, sure. No problem. We can help you with that. do you happen to know where you're located exactly? Do you have a street address?
I am at Main Street Austin, Texas.
Aww, the great music capital of the world. I see. OK, just a minute. Let me see what I can pull up for you.
Yes, I see. We've got quite a few around Main Street. Street. you might need to walk a little bit. Is that gonna be a problem?
No, not at all.
OK, it looks like maybe there's one within a ten minute walk from you.
That's OK.
I also want to know what my withdrawal limit is, and how many withdrawals I can make a day.
OK, sir, Do you happen to have your account number?
No, I don't know that.
OK, unfortunately, sir, without your account number, I'm not gonna be able to access that information.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm so sorry about that. But if you go to one of Intellibank's ATM machines, you'll be able to get that information directly from the machine itself. you can pull up a screen and either review it right there on the screen, or you can print out a copy, and it will let you know that information.
And on that copy, I can see how many withdrawals I can make a day?
there's actually another screen you could go into. I'm not sure if it gives you that information. But without your account info, I can't look that up.
OK, so I go to the machine?
Yes.
I print the the receipt?
Yes.
And then I can call you back, because on the receipt is my bank account number?
Yes, you can do that, sir, not a problem. yeah, we're here twenty-four seven. Yeah, definitely here for your service. let me go back to locating those ATM machines near you. So. We do have one about a ten minute walk. It's over on Elderberry Street. Do you know where that is?
Oh, that would be great.
Yes, I know where that is.
OK. If for some reason, though you know, occasionally our machines go down. There is a machine for Oklahoma Bank National.
Let's see.
I know that,
Too. My wife is there.
Oh, really? OK, so it's one street over from you. If you want to just pull out money and not have access to your account info, you can actually just use that machine. It's maybe a two to five minute walk.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, you can just pull out money from there. And typically there are fees associated when you use another bank's ATM to withdraw money.
Yeah, I called for the shortest one because it's pretty hot outside now.
yes, I understand, sir. It is pretty hot this time of year. So I'm not sure how much that fee will be, but they typically range sometimes between two to five dollars. so that will be.
Per withdrawal?
Yes, sir. Unfortunately. But we do have a program here with our own bank, where you can submit those receipts and we will pay you back for any of those withdrawals.
Oh, OK. I heard that there's an app that says where I can find the nearest ATMs?
Yes, definitely. So if you go to the App Store for your phone. Do you have an Android or an Apple phone? iPhone, great. So if you go to the Apple Store you can download the app for Intellibank. And once you set your online account up through the app, you'll be able to access just about anything, including your daily withdrawal limits, and how many withdrawals you can make a day.
iPhone.
I can just decide that myself?
well, no, there's a limit that's put on there. But, if for some reason in the future, if you think you need more money, per day to withdraw, you can call us and we can talk to our manager and see if you are qualifying for the increased limit.
Oh, yeah, but I think I gonna download that when I'm get home. And I will ask my daughter to come by and talk me through this. That will work. She is young and she will do everything on the phone. So that will be no problem.
OK, that sounds great, sir. So basically like I said, you go to the Apple Store. Download the app for Intellibank. All you have to do is enter in the set up your account with your login and your password. And from there, you will find all sorts of things that you can do within the app to access all of our offerings that we have through the bank.
I have another question. do you have a traveler's card?
We do. We have a traveler's credit card, specifically for traveling. You'll get rewards. You can sign up to get either get cash back, or you can get points to be applied to airline tickets.
And I can find information in. In the. The app?
In the app? Yes, sir. You can download the application. Or, you can fill the application out online and just hit submit once you're done. And you'll usually either have an immediate response. And sometimes if you don't, we'll have to review your application for further information. And get back to you. But we do have a high approval rate for all of those that bank with us that have great credit.
OK, that would be great.
So, any other problems or questions that we can help you with?
Nope.
No, ma'am. That's it.
Wonderful. So like I said, I'm Sandra with Intellibank. If you have any problems, call us back. We are here twenty-four seven to assist you.
OK, thank you Sandra, bye bye.
Bye, Mr. Davis.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Susan and how may I help you today?
Hey Susan! Well that's funny I got you last time I called. this is Todd right you probably. Of course you don't remember. This is Todd Nickerson and I I called the floor because I had a new address.
OK fine. I don't believe that was you that was you, that was me that you spoke with but I certainly can help you with anything.
Oh.
OK well I called earlier. It was actually yesterday because I had to move because there was a flood in my apartment.
Oh sorry to hear that.
Oh thanks and And so anyways, now I'm in a new neighborhood and I need to find an ATM near me and can you help me with that?
Yes I can help you. You need an ATM.
Yeah.
And your current address what Todd what is your date of birth?
Well, I.
OK it's eight twenty-one sixty-nine.
OK and I have here in the account that your current address is Spring Forest Road?
Nineteen sixty.
Yeah that's I moved to Spring Forbye bye. I was on Lake Forest Road and then there was well there's a lot of rain. Are you in Raleigh?
No I'm not.
Oh yeah OK.
But we.
Service Raleigh.
OK well yeah there was a there were some tremendous thunderstorms and this happens this time of year but this time it flooded my apartment.
Oh that's too bad.
Yeah and so anyways I'm over on Spring Forest I was on Lake Forest when. Sounds like it's close to they're not that that close and so then but now I don't know my way around down down here. This is closer downtown and I need to find an ATM.
OK I can help you with that. give me just a second and
Oh, and then.
And then also I'm gonna be going to Charlotte and you you you folks have locations in Charlotte as well?
Yes we do and I can help you with that also.
OK.
Now I will look up for the nearest ATM to your Spring Forest Road address.
Oh thank you I appreciate that.
Give just a second here.
Oh I should add that I'm I'm I'm probably gonna be walking. If it's within walking distance that would even be better.
OK here I have one. It might be a bit of a walk but you could probably do it in ten or fifteen minutes.
Oh yeah I could do that.
OK the address it's Intellibank one zero nine zero Creedmoore Road in Raleigh.
Oh. Oh Creedmoore. Oh yeah OK I know. Creedmoore Road is that the one that goes North-South?
And that. It.
Yes.
Perfect.
and also this is at the Intellibank on the outside. You can it's a drive thru so you won't have to get out of your car if you decide to drive but otherwise it's on the outside of the bank accessible twenty-four seven.
Oh that's great. I think it is actually a little ways away. I think I probably will drive. and so, tell me the address.
One zero nine zero Creedmoore Road.
right, and and it's open like all the time?
Yes.
OK this is great and.
OK.
And you also wanted to know about if there were any ATMs in Charlotte for a coming up trip that you have.
Oh yeah that's right I had forgotten about that yeah and, you have banks in you have branches in Charlotte is that correct?
Yes we do and gimme just a sec. do you have the address of where you're going to be in Charlotte?
I do. It's eighty-eight oh let me. Hold on a sec. This is a hotel. oh yeah here it is. Eighty-eight Martin Street in Charlotte. And it doesn't have the ZIP code, but.
OK. Eighty-eight Martin Street did you say?
Yep.
OK. OK it looks like we have one it's not very close to that. But the I'll give you the address if you need to use an ATM while you're there. It's at the Intellibank sixteen Center Road Charlotte.
So approximately how far away is that?
It looks here it's about six miles.
Oh my goodness! Hey, I have a question. Is there a, is there a ATM machine inside the hotel? It's the Hilton.
there is not an Intellibank one inside the hotel but if there is a bank an ATM inside there you are free to use it. If it's a star link ATM because you can take money out of any bank ATM that's linked with Starlink. But there will be a fee. There'll be a three dollar fee to withdraw money if it's not an Intellibank.
Oh.
Well that's a lot easier than than travelling all the way to the the the bank you told me about that's miles away.
Yes it is.
All right yeah, that's great. That's what I'll do. OK well that's, that's what I needed.
OK so I've helped you with all your questions today?
You've been great and I really appreciate your help.
OK and if you need anything else feel free to call back. Thank you so much for calling Todd.
Excellent thanks. Have a good day.
You too. Thanks for calling Intellibank.
OK bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Amanda, how may I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnson. I need help finding an ATM in the area I'm in and I need to do a deposit. well, a wire transfer.
OK, well what is your full name and date of birth?
It's Jennifer Johnson and my birthday is eight six two thousand.
OK and what is the last four digits of your social security number?
Eight nine four seven.
OK and where is the address that you're trying to find an ATM at?
It's four three eight. Bluefield Road, Lewisburg, West Virginia two four nine oh one.
OK, that's four three eight, Bluefield Road, Lewisburg, West Virginia two four nine oh one, right?
Yes.
OK, let me see what I can find for you.
I came to West Virginia with my sister and I can't find an ATM for my bank anywhere.
Oh, I'm sorry. Well, hopefully we can find one close by.
I hope so. I really don't wanna pay fees, using other ATMs.
OK, well, good news is that I did find one in Lewisburg for you. However, there is only one.
I'm not surprised, it's a small town.
OK, well it looks like it's two point eight miles from your sister's.
OK.
OK, are you ready for the address?
Yes.
OK, it's on one one seven, Raven Drive in Lewisburg.
Oh OK I know where that's at.
Oh, well good. OK well is there anything else that you needed today, Jennifer?
Yeah, I needed to make a wire transfer from my savings account to my sisters checkings account.
OK, can you verify the address on your account?
Yes, it's one four nine seven Richwood Lane Redwood, Virginia six two three one eight.
OK, what's your savings account number?
It's eight zero zero zero six three nine five four two one one Oh, I'm sorry it's four two two one.
OK, so that's eight zero zero zero six three nine five four two two one.
Yes.
OK, how much are you transferring into her account?
Five hundred.
OK and what is the routing number for her account that you want it to go into?
It's seven zero one zero three five six eight nine.
OK that's seven zero one zero three five six eight nine.
Yes.
OK and what's the account number?
It's eight zero zero zero seven one one four three three one six.
OK, that's eight zero zero zero seven one one four three three one six.
Yes.
OK, well looks like that should be going into her account within the next twenty-four hours. Is there anything else that I could help you with?
Yeah, actually I lost my debit card while I was here, which is why I'm transferring money into her account. So, she can just let me use her card and give me cash from the ATM. So, I need to cancel my card.
Oh, wow.
OK, well I can do that for you. Do you happen to know what your debit card number is?
No, do I need that to cancel it?
No, we can find that for you, that's not a problem.
Oh, OK. I do know the last four digits on my card were nine seven six seven.
OK, Jennifer well do you remember what the what day it was that you lost it?
Yes I had it yesterday morning when I left but when I got here it was gone.
OK, do you remember where the last place was that you used it at?
Yeah, it was at a restaurant. I brought bought breakfast at the train station in Princeton before getting on the train. It was around eighteen dollars, I think.
OK, let me see. Yeah, it looks like it was around eighteen dollars and sixteen cents. Does that sound right?
Yes.
OK and do you remember using it any where else?
No, that's the last time I had it.
OK, well the good news is that I don't see any new charges on it, so it probably wasn't stolen or used.
Oh good.
OK well let's get that canceled for you now.
OK, thank you.
OK, would you like your new card to be mailed to the address on file?
Yes, please.
OK, well I've got that canceled for you and you'll probably receive your card within the next ten business days.
OK, thank you.
OK, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's all. Thank you.
Alright, well thank you Jennifer, you have a great day.
You too.
Alright. Bye, bye.
Good morning, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Amber, how can I help you?
Yeah hello Amber, this is Roland Johnson.
Hi Roland, what can I do for you today?
Oh uh I need uh the check the account balance in my checking.
Certainly, I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I please get your date of birth?
That's June twelfth of nineteen seventy.
Perfect. Can I also get your driver's license number?
ugh I knew you'd be asking, hold on. two oh three X X as in X-ray, ninety-four fifty-three.
Street address.
eight oh nine Sixth Street South.
Bel Air California, five oh three one six.
OK.
OK perfect, got that here and it looks like you do have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
I think that's magenta.
Yep that appears to be correct. OK I've got your account pulled up here and you were wondering about your available balance, correct?
Yes that's correct.
OK. It looks like your available balance is eight hundred ten dollars and fifty-seven cents.
OK. And that's the current and available balance?
Yes, that's correct. Is there anything I can help you with regarding your account today?
yeah I was wondering if I could transfer over half of that to my savings.
Sure. just one moment here, let me switch screens. OK. Can I get the account number for your savings?
yeah, that's fifty-three seventy-nine one oh eight.
OK, so you're wanting to transfer from the checking into your savings, half of the balance, correct?
Yes.
OK. I can go ahead and get that transferred here. OK it looks like it is all transferred and you are good to go. is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh no wait yes actually I might need to go in at some point in time. what's the your local branch hours?
Of course. Our hours are Monday through Friday seven thirty to five thirty p.m. with weekend hours on Saturday from eight to noon. And Sunday is closed.
All right that sounds great. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
OK if there's nothing else I can do for you today please have a good day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Chelsea. How can I help you?
I I I need to check the balance on my account.
Sure, give me one moment.
All right, and what's your first and last name?
Dan Jenkins.
All right, Dan. And what's a full name for you?
Daniel.
OK. And what's the date of birth?
nine seventeen nineteen eighty.
OK. All right, Daniel, give me one moment while I pull up your account. All right. It looks like we have two Daniel Jenkins. do you have a driver's license with you, by chance?
I do, one second.
Sure.
OK, it's R X, nine seven, one one four.
All right, thank you for that. All right, Daniel. And it looks like you have a security question set up in your account. what was the name of your first pet?
Oh, it's just so many Let's go. I believe Figor.
That's not what I have in the account listing here.
maybe more recent then. Maybe Ted.
Yup, Ted is it. That's a cute name, by the way. All right Daniel, and what bank account are you checking today?
OK.
I gotta check the account on my checking account.
OK. All right, pulling that up now for you.
And, what's the bank account number for your checking account, Daniel?
It's five six six eight, seven one four two, eight six three nine, oh two, six four.
OK, All right, Daniel. And it looks like I am showing one hundred thousand dollars, and twenty-two cents.
Hmm, OK.
Is there any other accounts that you'd like to check today?
yeah, I better check my my savings account.
All right.
Might have to transfer some funds.
Sure. OK and it looks like you have a security question here in your savings account.
OK.
What was the name of your first school that you went to?
Oh, Filmore.
All right, that is it. OK, and it looks like your savings account is showing a negative fifteen hundred dollars and twenty-nine cents.
That's so bad. OK, I'll need to transfer. Let me transfer twenty thousand over to my savings from my checking.
Sure.
I'm gonna have to get you to a different department to do a transfer. I'm not actually able to do that from my end. but before I transfer you, have you heard about our online banking service that we offer to all clients free of charge?
Oh, OK.
no.
OK, so it would actually help you out because you wouldn't have to call us for your balance anymore. would you like me to enable your online web service now?
yeah. Yeah, let's do that.
All right. So, to access this you would actually go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com slash forward slash online banking service.
OK, OK. One second, let me. Let me write this down.
Sure.
OK, go ahead.
And your login information your username will be the first initial of your first name, and your entire last name. And your password will be one one one one.
And then, one you log in, you'll be prompted to change that password to something more secure.
OK.
All right, Daniel.
OK, I. I also had a a question if I wanted to would I be able to open possibly a second checking account if I wanted to split funds? You know, a a different direct deposit. I got a new job coming and don't want everything mixing all in to one thing, you know?
Sure, sure. so we do offer multiple types of checking account. it sounds like you might be better off with a Self Employed Checking Account. Which, those are checking accounts that we offer for people who make a little bit more funds than the average bear. one moment here. Let me give you more information on that account.
For sure?
Mhm, thank you now.
All right, Daniel. So, it looks like the only accounts that I'm able to offer you from here are just checking and savings. I'll have to get you to a different department for that transfer, and to check on that Self Employed Checking Account. OK?
OK.
All right, give me one moment.
Sure.
All right, Daniel it looks like I found an agent to go ahead and make that transfer for you. And you can go ahead and inquire about that account as well, OK?
OK, great.
All right, give me one moment. It was a pleasure serving you today, OK?
Yup. Thank you.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Barbara. How may I assist you today?
Hi Barbara. I need to update my personal information.
I had gotten. I had to get a new phone. My dog chewed up the old one. Do you have any fur babies?
Oh my goodness, I'm sorry to hear that happened to you and in fact, I do have four. and one of them did the same exact thing to me probably about a year ago so I know exactly how you feel.
Oh no, we still love those dogs even though don't we?
Yes ma'am, absolutely we do. They're just big children.
And let's see, I'd be happy to go ahead and help update that information for you. first, may I please have your name?
My name is Mildred Pierce.
P I E R C E. My date of birth is February the fourth two thousand.
OK, thank you so much for that information Miss Pierce. I have your name as Mildred Pierce.
M I L D R E D and last name Pierce P I E R C E.
And your date of birth I have as February the fourth two thousand, is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
OK great. Now next, May I please have the last four numbers of your social security number?
Five nine six oh
OK, I have five nine six zero.
Thank you.
OK, I'm sorry the last four of your social I have is five nine six zero. Was that correct?
Yes.
OK, sorry about that, we have to have for quality assurance purposes
Now I do have a security question on file for you.
And that question is what is your maiden name?
Greene. G R E E N E.
OK, thank you so much Ms. Pierce.
Now, I do need the account number that you would like to update the information on.
The account number is zero zero zero nine seven one three three.
No wait, that doesn't sound right. Would you mind if I grab my checkbook?
Absolutely, that is that's fine Ms. Pierce. just let me know whenever you're back with that information
Is this right?
.
I'm back. The account number is zero zero zero seven nine three three one. I'm sorry.
Oh that is no problem whatsoever. just to verify, I have the account number as zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes ma'am.
OK great, let me bring that account up for you.
I do have that up and I am ready whenever you are to update the information.
May I have have your new phone number please? Area code first.
Yes ma'am.
My new phone number is eight three one five seven two four nine three two
OK and just to verify, I have eight three one five seven two four nine three two.
Yes ma'am.
OK great, thank you for that Ms. Pierce.
And just to let you know on our free online banking you can update information like that. Any of your personal information at your own convenience.
And you could also do much more stuff like checking your account balances, you can your transaction history, transfer money and many many many more things
Would you like some more information about that or would you like some help setting that up?
No thank you, I forgot about that. Actually, I already have it set up.
Oh OK, well that is wonderful. I'm glad to hear that and I do have your phone number updated Ms. Pierce.
Is there anything else that I could help you with today?
No thank you.
Alright, well again thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Barbara, have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
My wife, she she drove over a nail and and busted a tire, and she ran it flat. now I gotta buy a tire and a wheel, and I just need to see if I've got enough money to do that.
All right, sir. Well, I'm sorry to hear that about your wife's car, but I can certainly help you check the balance on your account. Do you Do you have a checking or savings account with us?
I have a checking account.
All right. Well, I can definitely check the balance on that for you. Can I have your first and last name, please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you. And your date of birth, please?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And the last four of your social security number?
Eight zero one one.
And then to verify your identity, the security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
All Right. Thank you, sir. And can I get the account number for the account you're wanting to check the balance of?
OK, just one second. Let me look at that. OK, I've got it. It is seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine.
All right. And just to make sure I got that correct, that's seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine, correct?
That is correct.
All right. Thank you for that information, sir. I've got your account pulled up in front of me, and I see that your checking account balance today is fifty-six dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK, that's great. I probably need to go ahead and order some checks, if you can do that for me. And is there a fee for doing that?
Certainly, sir. I can get the check sent out to you, and no there is no fee since you are one of our valued Intellibank customers. let me go ahead and pull that form up for you.
how many's in a box?
There are four booklets of fifty checks each, sir.
OK. That should be enough.
All right. So, you'd just like to order one box, correct?
That is correct.
All right. And let me just verify that I have the right address for you. That's sixty-three Pennington street Canyon Country California nine one three eight seven?
That is correct.
All right, sir. I've got those checks ordered for you, and can expect to see them in the mail in about three to five business days, so just keep an eye out for that.
OK. That sounds great.
All right, sir. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I can't. Well, yeah you can you can give me some info on your savings account. I'm I'm looking for the interest rate, and is there a fee associated with having a savings account?
Are
Absolutely, sir. I can provide you with that information. our basic savings accounts is going to have an annual APR of point zero zero one percent, and there is a five-dollar monthly maintenance fee if the balance is below five hundred dollars month over month.
OK. OK. I'll think about that then.
you been having some pretty good weather where you're at?
yes, sir. The weather up here has been pretty good. it's been sunny, but not super hot. it's pretty good fall weather.
That's good. It's been raining a little bit here.
I always never enjoy that. Can't get out and do much when it's raining.
Nope.
All right, Mr. Thomas, is there anything else I can assist you with?
no, sir. You've been a big help.
All right, sir. Well, if you'll hang on the line for me, there will be a brief survey you can fill out. Let us know how we did today, and how we can better service you in the future. And if that's nothing else, then I will let you have a wonderful rest of your day.
All right. I do appreciate it.
You as well, sir. Have a good one.
All right. Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kimberly. How can I help you today?
yes Kimberly, I would like to open up that account that I called about earlier today. I believe that I spoke to you.
Oh yes sir I think I remember your voice. before I can set up your account I need to ask a few questions to verify your information.
All right.
All right. can I get your first and last name please? Yes, Robert.
Earl.
Robert Earl?
Yes.
All right Mr. Earl can I get your date of birth?
Yes, my date of birth is eleven seven nineteen seventy-four.
All right that's eleven seven nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK. sir let me put this on file for you. Could I get your driver's license number please?
Yes, my driver license number is five eight nine seven eight five nine two one.
All right sir that's five eight nine seven eight five nine two one?
Yes.
OK sir so when you set up this account we set up security questions for you to authenticate with you can choose between the last four digits of your social, your mother's maiden name the name of the street you lived on as a child, or you can go with what was the name of your first pet.
I'll go with mother's maiden name.
All right so what is your mother's maiden name?
Todd.
OK. Mother's maiden name is Todd. OK sir. I need a few. I got a. I need a little more information to go ahead and set up this account for you. What is the home address including city, state, and ZIP code?
OK.
yes, it's so four four two Pennsylvania Drive Oak Park, Michigan. four eight two three seven.
OK sir so that is four four two Pennsylvania Drive in Oak Park Michigan?
Yes.
could you repeat that ZIP code for me please ?
Yes, ma'am. Four eight two three seven.
All right four eight two three seven, thank you so much sir . All right which do you have a home or cell phone number would you like to put on file?
yes, I have a phone number.
OK.
from the area code nine six six two four three forty-five forty-five.
OK again that phone number is nine six six two four three four five five five?
Four five four five.
All right four five four five. Sorry about that sir. I'm a little off today, seems like.
It's all right.
OK sir. And I'm going to need your full social security number please.
yes, social security number is nine one three seven seven four eight zero three.
All right that number is nine one three seven seven four eight zero three.
Yes ma'am.
All right sir. So which type of account would you like to open a checking or savings account?
I would like to open up a savings, please. And what kind of account do you guys have? do they have fees?
Oh yes sir we have about two savings accounts at this bank right now. One actually does come with a fee an annual fee and the other one does not. It requires no annual fee. you like additional information about those accounts?
Uh-huh.
yes, please.
OK. The first account is our Smart Savings account. It has no minimum like I stated before. and you receive a zero point one percent interest rate over time that can add up to a good amount of interest. There's no minimums so you can set up this account and you won't have to actually make a deposit today but if you'd like to do a direct deposit you can do that as well. And the second account is our Premium Perks account with zero point two percent interest rate. there is a twelve dollar there is a twelve dollar fee and a five hundred dollar minimum deposit. if you do that direct deposit and keep that minimum in, sir, there is no fee. So they waive the fee if you set up a direct deposit with a minimum of five hundred balance.
All right, I'd like to go with the the Perks.
All right sir, so you want the Premium Perks account?
Yes ma'am.
Well I'll put in this information and set up that account for you. It'll just be one second.
All right.
All right sir. I've set up your savings account, the Premium Perks account. You will get your new account information in the mail at this address we have on file that you just gave at four four two Pennsylvania Drive Oak Park Michigan four eight two three seven. You'll also get some direct deposit information you can set up an online banking account and set that up right away.
All right.
And all your information should be in the mail within the next five business days.
All right sounds good.
All right? Thank you so much sir is that all that I could do for you today?
I.
yes ma'am thank you.
All right thank you, Mr. Earl. for your time and patience. Again my name is Emily and enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Aaron. How may I help you?
yes, my name is Toby Barlow. B A R L O W. And my date of birth is August twelfth nineteen seventy-five and I live at eight five zero five Strawberry Street. Oklahoma seven two three nine six. and I need to check my account balance please. I I'm gonna try to buy some four wheeler tires and I need to know if I got enough money in my bank to do that.
All right Mr. Barlow I can absolutely let you know how much is in your account. can you go ahead and verify your date of birth for me one more time please?
August twelfth nineteen seventy-five.
All right and the last four digits of the account number you're wanting to check.
Three eight eight nine.
All right I've got your account pulled up here and it shows that you have got a checking account with us as well as a savings account. which one of those were you wanting to inquire about?
let's do my checking account.
All right. It's showing that as of today your checking account has four hundred and ninety-two dollars and sixteen cents.
Ooh that's not gonna be enough I don't think to buy those four wheeler tires Can you transfer money from my well lemme lemme check my savings account balance.
Absolutely. It's shows your savings account balance is one thousand ninety-six dollars and thirteen cents.
OK. can you transfer five hundred dollars from my savings account to my checking account? That should be enough to buy those tires.
Absolutely sir. let me go ahead and put that through there. You're wanting to transfer, just to confirm, you're wanting to transfer five hundred dollars from your savings account into your checking account. Is that correct?
Yes sir.
All right . And just for your safety and security sir can I have the last four digits of your social security number?
Nine four two one.
All right sir I've made that transfer for you. You should see that reflect on your balance in about thirty minutes. it's usually faster than that but give it about thirty minutes just to be safe.
how's how's the weather been doing up there?
Oh the weather's been it's been beautiful out here. Actually it's been sunny and not too warm, not too cold. how's the weather been doing where you're at?
It's been raining raining bad here. It's about to flood me out.
Oh that's not good. I can understand why you might need some new four wheeler tires then.
Yeah.
Yeah. The the rocks and and the tree roots are really tough on the four wheeler tires so I need some new ones.
Oh I can imagine . All right Mr. Barlow well is there anything else I can help you with today or would you like information on setting up online banking where you can at your convenience be able to check your accounts and make those transfers without having to give us a call?
I don't think so. I'm not really tech savvy. I. I have trouble just remembering my own name.
Well.
that's not a problem Mr. Barlow. I. I definitely understand that. well it's not a problem. Any time you need to check anything or have any other questions with your accounts here at Intellibank you can always feel free to give us a call twenty-four seven.
All right well I do appreciate it.
Absolutely Mr. Barlow and we appreciate you being such a loyal customer here at Intellibank. Again, my name is Aaron and if there's nothing else I can help you with today I will let you enjoy your day.
OK. I appreciate it. You have a good day too.
You too Mr. Barlow. Have a good one.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sherida. How can I help you today?
yes. Hi I'm calling because I lost my card.
Oh, all right sir. I can help you with that. I'm gonna have to get a little bit of information about that situation in order to go ahead and cancel that card and issue you a new one. Let's start with your first and last name, and your date of birth, please.
Yes, my name is Lamont Johnson. My birthday is seven seven, nineteen seventy-four.
All right, sir. So your name is Lamont, L A M O N T Johnson?
Yes.
And your birthday is seven seven nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK, sir. Could you for your authenticating ID , I need your driver's license number, please.
Yeah, my driver license number.
Is. Hold on one second, please.
All right, sir. Take your time.
find it.
OK, I found it. All right. It's six one nine, five two four nine six eight. And my phone number is two seven oh five eight seven seven four seven four.
All right. Thank you very much much Mr. Johnson. lemme repeat that driver's license number. Six one nine, five two four nine, six eight?
Yes.
All right.
All right, sir. and for security purposes, what are the last four digits of your social?
Yes. It's three nine, seven zero.
Three nine, seven zero?
Yes.
OK, sir. Let's start with this information. So you said you believe you lost your card?
Yes.
OK. So could I get your credit card number please?
yes. It's five four seven, eight four, one eight five, zero zero, two zero zero nine eight one.
OK, sir. So again, that number was five four seven eight, four one eight five, zero zero one nine, eight one?
Yes.
OK.
So when do you recall the date of the card being lost, sir? I lost it on the night night of the fourteenth.
OK, so you lost on the fourteenth of last month?
Yes.
All right, sir. Do you remember that business that you were at you lost your card?
yes. I was I was at a grocery store up there on Main Street I believe.
Great. grocery store on Main Street in Naperville? Your town?
yes. one there.
OK, sir. All right, sir. I've taken on out all the information. I've gone ahead and canceled that card for you, and we've issued you a new card. once you get that card in the mail, you will be able to set up an activation. the new card will be usually at your house between five to ten business days. It usually takes a while to issue that information. And like I said, once you get the new card in the mail you'll be able to process it during the activation information inside the packet for your new card.
OK.
OK, sir. So I'm going to just confirm your address to make sure that we're sending it to the right location.
All right.
I have down here on file, your address as two one one nine, East Mclure Street in Naperville, Illinois ZIP code six oh five, six four?
Yes, that's correct.
All right, sir.
Just one moment while I make sure I got all this information in the system.
OK.
All right, Mr. Johnson. Like I said before, we've issued you a new card. We've canceled that card, so there should be no fraudulent actions just to secure you. And should expect the card in the mail within the next five to ten business days.
OK.
OK, will that be all for you today, sir?
yes, I believe so.
All right. Once again, my name is Sherida. I thank you so much Mr. Johnson for your time and patience. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Yep, and you have a good day as well.
I will sure try. Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
bye bye.
Hello. This is Roger from Intellibank? How may I help you today?
Yes sir. I wanna find my nearest branch and also I wanna check my account balance.
OK. I can definitely help you with that. I wanna help you first with finding your nearest bank account branch. Can I get your street address as well as your city?
Yes sir. My street address is three eight six Taylor Street and my city is Union. Excuse me sir. I I meant three nine six Taylor street.
And your city is Union ma'am?
Yes sir.
OK thank you. Can I get your state as well as the ZIP code?
My state is South Carolina and my ZIP code is two nine two zero one.
OK and just to confirm, you currently reside up at three nine six Taylor Street Union, South Carolina two nine two zero one?
Yes sir.
OK thank you ma'am. I wanted to pull everything up through the system and I wanna give you your nearest bank account branch. The address to your nearest bank account branch. Thank you.
OK yeah so I found your nearest bank account branch. Let me know when you are ready to copy down the address to this branch ma'am.
I'm ready.
OK. The nearest bank account branch would be five nine six.
OK.
Oat Rest Row.
All right.
Oat Crest?
No ma'am. It be Oat Rest. Do you need me to spell Oat Rest for you?
Yes. That'll be good.
Yes ma'am. It will be spelled O A T R E S T.
OK I got it.
OK thank you so much ma'am. And you also say that you are looking to check the account balance? Check your account balance?
Yes sir.
OK.
And to see how much got in there. My brother's having a birthday party today. I'm trying to get him some stuff.
Oh well happy birthday. Tell your brother happy birthday.
Thank you.
How old will he be turning?
He's gonna turn fifteen.
OK so we definitely gotta make sure some money's in that account. So I'm just gonna ask you for some personal information just so that I can see how much money is in your account. let me know whenever you're ready.
I will. I'm ready now.
OK. Can I get your first and last name ma'am?
My first name is Roshonda and my last name is Jackson.
Thank you so much. Can I get your date of birth?
June thirtieth two thousand and one.
OK. and just just to confirm, Roshonda is spelled R O S H O N D A?
Yes sir.
And Jackson is spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes.
OK thank you. And you say your date of birth?
June thirtieth two thousand and one.
Thank you so much ma'am. Can I get a state-issued ID or the last four digits of your social?
Yes. My last social four digits is nine nine two eight.
OK. And can I get the account number that you want to check the balance of?
Yes sir. Let me go see real quick.
My account number is five five six one eight zero nine five eight two.
So that was five five six one eight zero nine five eight two?
Yes sir.
Thank you so much ma'am. And do you knobye bye. Do you happen to know the name of your first pet?
Lady.
Thank you so much. And this is again for a checking account correct? This is not for a savings account.
Yes sir.
OK. OK yes ma'am. So on my end it's telling me that the balance that you have left over would be three hundred eighty-six dollars and seventy-four cents.
All right.
OK. Alright ma'am. is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes sir. One more thing. I wanna change my email address on my account. That would be all.
OK so you wanna change your email address on your account?
Yes sir.
OK. All right just give me one second. I am going into your personal information. OK so I wanna ask you another security question. just just so that I can again. It's just verification purposes cuz you're already signed in here. OK? What was your mother's maiden name?
Yes.
Latoya.
OK. Thank you so much. OK. All right. So when you are ready can you read me the email address?
Yes sir. My email is Roshonda Jackson.
And is Roshonda Jackson spelled as the name that that you as your government name for your email? Is it spelled R O S H O N D A Jackson J A C K S O N?
Yes sir. Roshonda Jackson eighty-one at Yahoo dot com.
How's your day going sir?
My day is going good. I have a question for you. Is Roshonda Jackson is all of the letters capitalized or is it just the R capitalized and the J capitalized?
It's all lowercase.
So everything is lowercase.
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am. And this is Roshonda Jackson eighty-one at Yahoo dot com?
Yes.
OK. I'm gonna put everything into the system. I'm gonna save it. OK everything is saving. Give it about five minutes to go through the system and everything will be good. So is there anything else that I can help you with today ma'am?
No sir that'll be all.
OK thank you so much for calling here calling us here at Intellibank. We thank you and we appreciate your time. There will be a survey at the end asking us asking you about your experience. I hope that you have a good day.
You too. Bye.
Goodbye. Have a good day.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter, how may I help you?
Hi Peter, how are you?
I'm doing well, how are you doing?
I'm doing all right.
All right, good. How may I assist you today?
I need to make some transfer between two accounts, mine and my husbands.
OK. And to get started, can I get your first and last name?
First name is Mina and last name is Bishop.
Mina Bishop, OK. And Mina, can you give me your date of birth?
February twentieth of nineteen eighty-four.
February twentieth nineteen eighty-four. OK, and for security purposes, the last four of your social security number?
Three four five six.
Three four five six. OK, and your mother's maiden name?
Summer.
Summer, OK. All right, thank you very much for that information. All right, I have your account here and what what would you like to do here?
so, I need to transfer a thousand dollars from my account to my husbands account.
OK. All right. And do you have your So, just to clarify, are we transferring this from your checking account or your savings account?
we're gonna transfer from my checking account.
From your checking account, OK. And you said a thousand dollars, correct?
Yes.
OK. So we're transferring a thousand dollars from your checking account. Your current balance in your checking account is thirty-three thousand one hundred and twenty dollars. And I just wanna verify the number your checking account number. Can you give me the last four of that?
I don't remember it. Can I give you a credit card number?
Sure.
OK, the credit card number is three four five six.
Three four five six.
One one zero zero.
One one zero zero.
Zero three eight one.
Zero three eight one.
Nine three two two.
Nine three two two. OK, and that's your credit card. That's actually your debit card that is connected to this account. And the last four on this checking account is four three nine zero.
OK.
OK. And you have a current balance in here of four thousand five hundred and twenty-one dollars and ninety-three cents. And you're looking to transfer one thousand dollars, is that correct?
Correct.
OK, and what account is this going to?
to my husband.
OK, do you have that account number?
I don't.
OK.
Can you find him maybe by his name, date of birth?
yes
I believe I can, if you give me his name.
his name is Scott.
Scott.
Bishop.
Bishop, OK. B I S H O P?
Yep.
OK. All right, and his date of birth?
his date of birth is October fourth nineteen seventy-nine.
October fourth nineteen seventy-nine, OK. I've got that and all right. So it's looking like that account is five one two three. is his checking account.
yeah well let's put it in his checking account.
OK.
And you would like to transfer a thousand dollars into his checking account?
Yes, please.
OK. All right, I am putting this information in.
All right, I've got all the information in and it is transferring as we speak.
OK.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Do you guys do car loans?
We do do car loans. We have car loans, we have credit cards, gold, silver, platinum credit cards, travelers cards, we do mortgages and savings products.
OK,
Are you interested in a car loan? Can I get you some more information?
I think we might be. Is it better if we come to the branch?
you can either come to the branch or or talk to me or talk to one of my associates over the phone.
OK, I gotta confirm that with my husband but we were.
Are you looking to buy a new car or?
We are.
OK.
Yeah, we are. I just have to talk to my husband and really decide what we wanna do.
Got it.
Do you know by any chance you know, just from top of your head, like what are the rates for the car loans?
I.
Do not know what the rates are. off the top of my head.
OK, I'll I will call back again when when we are actually ready to do that.
OK.
Well, that sounds good.
OK.
So is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
no, that was that was all.
All right. Well thank you for calling Intellibank, we are are happy to have you as a customer.
Thanks so much Peter.
All right.
Thank you very much.
OK, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer service. My name is Reese. How can I help you today?
My name is Peter Ryland. R Y L A N D.
And I need to get a cashier's check.
All right, Mr. Ryland. Well, unfortunately I can't help you get a cashier's check over the phone but I can help you locate the nearest branch that you can get one from.
That'll be great.
All right. can I have your location or location that you would like to find a branch in?
Two two five Summer Avenue Southgate Michigan four eight one nine five.
All right. Let me look that up.
All right. I do see that there are a couple of branches located near that address. Would you just like the closest address?
Yes.
All right, sir. The closest address of our branch is sixty-three Saxon Street in Southgate Michigan.
Would you like me to repeat that address, sir?
no I got it.
Also I need to check my balance of my checking account, please?
Absolutely, sir.
Can I get the name on the account, please?
Peter Ryland. R Y L A N D.
And your date of birth, Mr. Ryland?
July fourteenth nineteen sixty-nine.
All right and if you'll answer this security question for me. Your mother's maiden name.
Gray.
Can you spell that for me, Mr. Ryland?
G R A Y.
Thank you, sir. I've confirmed that.
And can you ask me the account number?
hang on and I'll go look it up.
OK. I've got it.
It's two eight three nine four two five seven seven zero.
Thank you, Mr. Ryland. I've got that account pulled up and you were just wanting to check the balance. Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right, sir. The balance is showing available today of one thousand four hundred and ninety-six dollars and twenty-three cents.
OK.
Can you give me the hours of the branch?
Absolutely, sir. That branch is open from eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and on Saturdays from nine a.m. to two p.m..
All right. Thank you.
Absolutely, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I don't think so. it's been raining here. Has it been raining where you're at?
All ribye bye.
No, it's actually been pretty dry the last couple of weeks.
Well, that's good. I wish it stopped raining here.
I can imagine, sir. It's never fun if it's been raining for so long. You can't go out and do much.
Nope.
Wanted to go fishing but I don't like fishing in the rain.
I can understand that, sir.
All right, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank customer service and there will be a survey that will you will be transferred to at the end of this call if you don't mind filling that out to let us know how we did today.
And if there's nothing else I can assist you with then I will let you go and enjoy the rest of your day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you, sir. Have a good day.
Hello, this is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yeah, I'm I'm calling to see if y'all website is up. I've been trying to log in for the past ten minutes and I'm seeing this error saying the website is not available.
OK, I can definitely help you with that ma'am. Just give me one second so that I can check to see if the website is up on our end. And if it's up on our end and I know it's just something on your end, I can definitely help you with that. So just give me a couple seconds.
Yes, thank you.
Yes ma'am, the website is up on our end. The website is up and it's functioning and it's working. typically, a lot of our customers. They tend to spell maybe Intellibank wrong or they tend to maybe miss a letter or they tend to have something capitalized when it should not. So, when you are ready just ready to look at your is this on your computer. Ma'am? Excuse me, may I ask?
Yes, it's on my computer.
OK.
So when you are ready to look at your address bar, ma'am. and just see if you have the spelling correct as I read you out the letters and the punctuation, can you please let me know?
I'm ready.
Thank you so much, ma'am. OK it's gonna go, lowercase WWW dot capitalize I, lowercase N, lowercase T, lowercase E, lowercase L, lowercase L, lowercase I, capitalized B, lowercase A, lowercase N, lowercase K, dot lowercase C O M.
Oh OK, I was spelling it like intel I didn't put the I. Thank you. Lemme go see if it. Yeah.
OK, no problem. Just let me know if it's up when you're in.
oh OK, it's working now. Thank you.
OK, that's very good. That's good. That's good to hear. Is there anything else that I can help you with today, ma'am?
Yeah, yeah. Actually, I don't want my savings account anymore. I I'm trying to get the money out of it. Yeah, I need help with that.
OK. So if you don't want your savings account no more, ma'am, what I suggest you do is you close that account. And what we can do is we can move. we can remove the funds that funds in your savings account and we can put into another account. Is that something that you would like to do today?
Yeah. I'll. Yeah I'll do that.
OK. I'm just gonna ask you for some basic information. just let me know whenever you're ready, ma'am.
I'm ready.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am. Can I have your first and last name?
Roshonda Jackson.
Thank you so much. Roshonda is spelled R O S H A W N A, ma'am?
W. Oh, no sir. I'm gonna spell it for you. All right. It's R O S H O N D A.
OK, that was O N D A?
Yes sir.
And is Jackson spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes, that's correct.
Thank you so much, ma'am. Can I have your date of birth?
June thirtieth, two thousand and one.
Thank you so much, ma'am. And can I have your state issued ID number, your driver's license number, or the last four digits of your social?
Yes. I'm gonna get my social. I don't have my state with me.
OK, that's not a problem. Just give it to me whenever you're ready.
All right, my social is eight four three one. My last four digits.
OK. And that was eight four three one, ma'am?
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you so much.
And do you happen to know the name of your first pet?
I think I put down Lady. I'm not sure.
Yes ma'am, that is correct. Thank you so much. OK. Can I have the account number that you would like to close, ma'am? The savings account number that you'd like to close, excuse me.
Yes sir. It's five five six eight one zero two three one six.
Thank you so much, ma'am.
And what is the reason that you're closing this account?
I don't want any. I'm trying to get a different account with a different bank, a different savings account.
OK. OK that's not a problem. OK.
Yeah, sorry.
Oh it's it's no problem, ma'am.
OK. OK and in this in this savings account you have thirty-eight dollars and forty-three cents. I just wanna confirm with you that you have thirty-eight dollars and forty-three cents. And where would you like to move to move this money to. Would you like to move it into your checkings account?
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you so much.
Can I get the router number for that account, ma'am, please? For that checking account number?
yes sir. hold up.
All right. Three four seven nine zero zero one six two.
And that was, nine zero zero one six two?
ma'am did you did you hear me?
Oh.
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am, for staying on this phone with me. Can I have the deposit checking account number?
yes sir.
It'll be three three two zero one eight nine five six seven nine.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am. What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna transfer these funds. It's going to just take me a couple seconds. And just so you know, once the account has been transferred , in three business days your account will be closed. Your savings account will be closed. And there will be no transferral fee, being that this. Being that the the funds that you transfer was under five hundred dollars and you're not doing this international.
All right, sounds good.
No problem. Thank you so much for staying on this phone with me, ma'am.
Yes ma'am, everything has been transferred. Again, your account will be closed in one to three business days. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No sir, that's it.
Thank you so much, ma'am, for calling. Calling us here at Intellibank. We're open twenty-four seven, Monday through Friday. Have a good day.
You too, bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. Good afternoon. My name is Monica Brown and this is Intellibank. How may I help with this?
Hello, Monica. How are you?
I'm very well. How are you doing?
And how's the family?
Very well.
OK. Quick one. I'm trying to open an account with you guys. So, I don't know what to do about it. Can you put me through, please?
OK. Yeah, we have savings and a checkings.
OK.
The savings account has to do with you putting in your money and leaving it for three to six months before withdrawal and you don't have access to a credit card or a debit card while on this account. But then there's a higher interest rate of five percent per annum. Then we have the checkings account. The checkings account you have access to a credit and a debit card almost immediately after opening the account, but then you have a lower interest rate of about two percent back annum. So, which one would you like to go for?
OK.
Wow! They're both interesting though cuz I'm thinking about. I think I should go for the savings account. Yeah, savings account is better for me. Yeah.
OK. The savings account?
Yeah.
All right, there's a form you have to fill. I'll have to put in your personal details. Hope you don't mind.
No, go ahead. I'm good.
OK. Please, can I get your full name, your first name, and your last name, please?
OK. My name is Moses Moses Davids.
OK, Mr. Moses Davids, what is your date of birth, please?
OK, February fourteenth nineteen eighty-one.
All right. do you have your social security number or your driver's license, any valid ID?
OK. I think that I have that in my wallet. Let me check. My my my social security number is OK, here it is. zero five one.
OK.
Three two seven.
OK.
Eight nine four.
All right.
So, you're taking the savings account, right?
Yes, I am.
OK, so some personal questions. Sorry, security questions, I meant.
OK.
OK.
do you mind telling me your mother's maiden name?
OK, my mom's name, right? Her name is Nicole.
Her maiden name, I mean, like, her surname or her last name.
Yes, Yes.
Yes, her name is. Her last name is Nicole.
OK. Do you have a pet? Have you ever owned a pet?
Yes. I have a dog.
OK, can you tell me the name of your first pet, please?
A dog, yeah.
OK, my dog's name is Bruno.
OK. Bruno, that's a nice name.
I love that dog.
Crazy.
You think?
Yeah, very well. All right, just hold on for a sec, so I can quickly get a new account number for you.
OK. I'm sorry, madam, a quick one.
Yeah, go on.
I have a friend that I think he banks banks with you guys and he's been having problem acquiring a loan from you people. I don't know. He's been saying that this. He's been having a problem having a loan from you guys. So, I don't know if you can help me out in that, so I can tell him to come around or something. You know.
All right, sir. do you know how long he has been banking with us, please?
I really don't know, but I think three months from now. I think three months. It's been three months he's been banking with you guys.
OK. Our bank has a policy of six to six months to one year banking with us before you can access our loan offers.
Oh, wow! Are you serious?
Yeah, so I think, maybe that's the problem. You can have him check out our website to be sure what the problem is exactly or he can visit any of our branches.
Mm, I think he should visit cuz it's it's just close by from me here. It's not too far. I know that.
OK, do you have a pen so you can pen down your account number as I call it out for you?
OK. Go ahead.
Zero two.
Zero two.
Zero four.
Zero four.
One zero.
One zero.
Two two.
Two two.
Zero one.
Zero one.
Let me call it again, please.
OK.
Zero two.
Zero two.
Zero four.
Zero four.
One zero.
One zero.
Two two.
Two two.
Zero one.
Zero one.
your account number will also be sent to your email.
OK.
let me quickly just tell you about our online banking system.
Oh, wow! Yeah, I think I'm interested.
It's good for you.
Yeah.
.
Because you're just with us. Well, you can check out our website or download our app.
Yeah.
OK.
For mobile banking. So you can easily send money and receive money.
OK.
OK.
OK.
And do auto payments with it.
Yeah. I'm even saving something for my son. You know, I'm trying to, like, get something for him. You know, buy him something. I'm trying to save money by his side, but I don't know. I think I don't know. I don't know. I'm I think I'm going to handle that. But anyways, it's a good thing. At least I have your account your website, and I have you. You know, you seem so nice.
Thank you. Thank you. You can check out our app. You can check out our app.
Yeah. Yeah.
OK.
All right. Do you have any other thing I can do for you, please?
No, ma'am, you've done a whole lot, believe me. I'm loving this bank already.
Oh, thank you. I'm flattered.
OK.
Thank you very much.
All right. All right. Do have a lovely day. Thank you for banking with us.
And you, too, madam, you, too.
Thank you.
Bye bye. .
Good morning. This is Intellibank. Angela speaking. How can I help you?
Yeah, hey Angela. This is Robert Johnson.
Hi Robert. What can I do for you today?
I gotta get my grandma some money.
Oh, OK. are you looking to make an internal transfer between her account and yours if she's a member? Or are you looking to do a wire transfer if she's not a member?
she doesn't bank with you guys.
OK. Yep. So then we'll we'll want to do a wire transfer.
Yeah. That sounds good. OK. We'll go with that.
OK. Yep, I can definitely help you with that here. Just gimme a moment while I pull up my screen to get everything ready.
OK. Can I please get your date of birth?
Yeah. That's June twelfth of seventy-nine.
Thank you. Can I please get your driver's license number?
Yeah. Hold on. Lemme get that from my wallet. Here it is. seventy-six three X X as in X-ray, ninety-nine seventy-one.
Thank you. You have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh, that's white.
That would be correct. let's see OK. Now, can you please provide me with your bank account number for which you're wanting to withdraw the money from?
Yes. Sure, I'll do it from my savings at the account number is nine nine two seven nine.
OK. Yep. That would be correct. I show that it verifies. what is the dollar amount you were looking to transfer?
Well, I was hoping to send three hundred dollars.
OK. Yep. I can do that here. Lemme get that put in. And then, is this a domestic or international transfer?
she's in Ukraine.
OK. So that would be an international. There is an additional fee for that of twenty-five dollars.
What? That's really high. Is there any lower rates?
I'm sorry. Unfortunately, no. This is the standard flat rate for the transfer.
well she needs the money, so it's fine. She's buying turnips or something with it. I don't know.
OK. do you have her routing number?
Yeah. She wrote it down. It's six zero zero, nine three seven eight, two six four one one.
OK. And can I please get her bank account number?
yeah. That's zero nine seven three two.
Perfect. OK. I've got everything set up here. Everything looks good. I'm going to go ahead and send this. you will be charged an additional twenty-five dollars like we just discussed for the transaction. And she should be getting it as soon as possible. if you wanna go ahead and let her know that it is ready for her to pick up or if she wants to go ahead and just double check that it did in fact deposit into her account, I can give you a reference number if you would like.
Yeah. I'll I'll take the reference number.
OK.
The reference number is one one three three nine, zero two.
That's zero two?
Yes, that's correct.
All right.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
No, no. You've been good.
OK. If there's nothing else, then you have a great afternoon.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good morning Intellibank, this is Lisa.
Hello Lisa, this is Royland Hard.
Hello, Roland. How can I help you today?
Oh, I need to do a wire transfer.
OK, yep. I can definitely help you with that. Let me get my screen pulled up here. Just a moment. OK, I just need to get some personal information for you to get this started. First and last name and date of birth.
That's Roland Hard. My date of birth is June twelfth of eighty-nine.
OK. could I please get your driver's licence number?
Yeah. Let me pull that up real quick. It's in my wallet. seventy-six three double X as in X-ray nine nine seven one.
OK, yep. That looks to be correct. and you're wanting to withdraw your funds from your savings or your checking account?
savings.
OK. Can I please get that account number just for verification?
Yeah, that's ninety-nine twenty-seven nine.
OK, perfect. And how much are you wanting to transfer?
Oh, man. I can read six hundred and sixty-eight dollars.
OK.
Oh, wait. No, sorry. Man, I can't read my wife's handwriting, I tell you, you know. Oh that was actually, sixty-nine dollars and eighty-eight cents.
OK, do you have the routing number of the account that you'd like to put this into?
Yeah, that's eleven forty-six twenty-eight seventy-three nine zero zero six.
OK. Do you have the bank account number?
Yeah, thirteen seventy-eight nine.
OK. And will this be a domestic or international wire transfer?
Oh, I'll
Say it's domestic. I gotta send it to my ex-wife.
Oh, dear OK. OK. So, I've got the wire transfer all set up, ready to be sent. I have a balance to be sent of sixty-nine dollars and eighty-seven cents. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, actually. I need to update my address.
Certainly. I can definitely get that updated here for you. Let me just switch screens here for a moment so then I can get that updated. OK. just give me one moment here. OK. It looks like the address I have on file for you is twelve twelve Ocean Lane.
Oh, I I don't live there anymore. Like I said, she ended up with the house.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, it happens. I'm actually at six oh seven Larsen Boulevard.
OK. Well, let me get that updated here for you. All right. That has been successfully been updated and saved to your file. Is there anything else?
no, I I think you've been really wonderful.
OK. Well, if there's nothing else I can do for you, have a great day now.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alicia. How can I help you today?
Hi Alicia. I was calling to dispute a transaction on my account.
I will be happy to help you with that. First I will need some additional information to verify your account.
OK. That's fine. I also have a question. I can dispute any transaction I see in my account that I don't think it's my transaction or that I made. Correct?
Well, that depends on the transaction that it was made. and it depends on the amount, and the date, and the store. We still will have to investigate every transaction that is made in your account. But lemme pull up your account to find out what's going on.
OK. That's fine.
May I have your first and last name as well as your date of birth?
Yes. My first name is Amy. The last name is Morales. Date of birth is October six nineteen eighty-five.
Thank you. May I have the account number of the transaction that we are going to be looking at into. as well as is this a savings account or a checking account?
My account number is four four three seven two five eight and this is going to be on my checking account.
What is the name of your first pet?
It's Mimi.
Thank you, Miss Morales. and what is the dollar amount that we're going to be disputing today as well as the date of the transaction?
The amount is going to be fifty dollars and I believe the date is September twenty-fifth twenty twenty-one.
Thank you. And what is the reason we're disputing today?
Because I don't recall making a fifty dollar charge. at Target for that particular day.
OK, Miss Morales. So you don't recognize this transaction that was made in Target. Have you tried to contact the business about this transaction?
That's correct. I don't recognize this transaction. And no, I haven't contact the business I wasn't aware I was supposed to.
Miss Morales is this like a regular membership or subscription fee that you might have with Target?
No. I don't have a membership or subscription fee with Target.
Miss Morales I am going to verify your information to make sure that I have everything correct. Your first name is Amy. Your last name is Morales. Date of birth is October six nineteen eighty five. Your account number is four four three seven two five eight. Is going to be your checking account. The name of your first pet is Mimi. And we're trying to dispute a fifty dollar charge from Target that was made on September twenty-fifth twenty twenty. Is all that information correct Miss Morales?
Yes. Everything's correct.
Great. Gimme a few minutes to pull up your information. Thank you for holding Miss Morales. So I went and disputed the charge of fifty dollars that was made on September twenty-fifth twenty twenty one from Target. You will be receiving your refund within twenty-four hours to your checking account. I will have to lock your debit card to protect against any further fraudulent transactions in the future. You will be receiving a new card within seven to ten business days to the address on file. Do you have any questions regarding the dispute or anything else I can assist you with Miss Morales?
No, I don't have any further questions. you were a great help. Thank you.
You're welcome, Miss Morales. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank. It was a pleasure speaking to you. I hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lori. How can I help you today?
Hi. Yes, I need to report a card lost.
Sure. I can help you with that.
May I have your first and last name, please?
Sure. It's Mellisa Joseph. And I'm sorry that I sound so like blah. I'm really upset about this. I don't know if it was lost or somebody took it out of my purse.
I understand completely, ma'am. We'll get to the bottom of it.
Thank you.
OK, so Melissa Joseph. What is your date of birth, ma'am?
And, so.
it's February fourteenth, nineteen ninety-six.
Oh, Valentine's day. How exciting. That's an awesome birthday.
Well it would be since it's right around the corner, if I had my credit card.
I totally understand, ma'am.
All right. And by any chance do you happen to know your account number?
I if you give me a second I can go see if I have it written down somewhere.
But like as I said I don't have the credit card so I don't know the number by heart.
Not a problem.
One second.
Hi. I'm back. I'm so so sorry that it took this long. My kids must've moved my purse and I couldn't find it.
It's not a problem at all. We can just go about this another way.
Do you happen to know your security question information?
But of course.
All right. So what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Weiss. It's spelled W E I S S.
And that's Weiss W E I S S?
Yes, ma'am.
All right, bear with me one second while my computer generates this information.
Sure. No problem.
I do apologize. My computer seem to be running a little bit slow right now.
How is your day going other than you know the obvious?
Well, let's see. My five-year old likes to jump on the couch and my two-year old has finally found his voice and all he does is scream.
And he thinks it's funny.
Oh, that's kind of exciting though, no? That means that speech will be coming soon.
I hope so cuz I definitely wanna know what he is talking about.
All right. I have that information now. let me just ask you what is the date that the card was lost or stolen?
it was lost or stolen on I believe July thirteenth but I didn't figure it out until the like the fifteenth that I didn't have it.
Not a problem.
do you by chance remember your most recent transaction?
Are you kidding me? Do you really need that information?
It's OK if you don't know, ma'am. Maybe you know the name of the business or can describe the business.
Well, if I remember correctly, I think I went to a Target and I think I went to a Starbucks.
A Target and a Starbucks. OK. Do you know around the dollar amount?
Are you kidding?
I. I can list your last couple transactions if you'd like to verify.
Sure. That would be great, because I honestly can't remember dollar amounts.
Not a
Problem. OK, so it appears here that you have a Target transaction for twenty-two dollars and sixty-two cents. Does that sound right?
Yes.
OK, that is the last transaction I see in the system for you.
All right. So I'm going to go ahead and cancel that card for you with your permission. Shall I go ahead and do so?
Yes, please. and while you're at it I'm just curious on how long it will take to do this because I really have somewhere else to be and after you do it when will I be receiving my card?
Not a problem. This will be done momentarily within the next two minutes.
as soon as you give me the permission the card will be canceled.
And by the time we hang up the phone we will have you a new card reissued that will be into the mail to you in the next three to five business days.
OK, thank you. So go ahead and close it for me.
Absolutely. So card is now been closed.
And I'm go ahead and reissued you a new card and we're sending out that card to the address on file which is fifteen oh one Northeast Thirty-fourth Court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida three two three four three.
actually no. The address was correct but the ZIP code is three three three three four.
Oh I do apologize, ma'am.
Let me just go ahead and update that in my system here.
Three three three three four.
Yes, ma'am.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. That will be it. As long you issued my card and I get it, we're good.
Yes, ma'am. Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank and you have a good day.
You too. Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Robert. How may I help you?
Hi, Robert, how are ya?
I'm doing very well, how are you doing today?
I'm having not so good of a day. I I am calling to I can't seem to find my credit card I've looked everywhere. I'm trying to, you know, go back in time, see where I've used it the last time. I'm missing my car keys, so, lost or stolen, it's gone. I just can't seem to find it.
I've got it, OK. So give me your first and last name, please.
Lilly, L I L L Y, Bishop.
OK. Lilly Bishop, OK. And Lilly, your birthdate?
February fourth nineteen ninety-eight.
All right. And your address, please.
seven sixty South Maple Street Stowe, New Hampshire. Nine one zero one one.
All right. All right, I've found your account and we are looking at your credit card or your debit card?
It's my credit card.
OK. And do you happen to know the credit card number? By any chance? OK. So, I'm looking at it here. for the for security purposes, can I get the last four digits of your Social Security number, please?
No.
Yes.
It's one one seven four.
One one seven four, OK. Yep, that checks out. OK so it looks like your credit card ending in two nine zero five, is the card that we're talking about. The last place that it was charged was the Quickie Mart for twenty-three dollars and fifteen cents. Do you remember that charge?
And that was three days ago.
Three days ago. OK. Three days ago. Yeah, sounds about right. Is there anything else charged on it?
Nope. That is it.
OK. So maybe I just forgot it there, or?
It's possible that you left it there. It's possible that you dropped it, it fell out of your pocket, whatever. But why don't we go ahead and cancel that card and issue you a new one, just to be safe.
OK.
All right. So, we're gonna cancel this card and we're gonna issue a new one. If you have any automatic bill payments on that, you're going to have to update those to the new credit card. Cuz they will be declined since we're canceling it.
OK.
OK. The new card, we will send that out to you over night and you will have it tomorrow. the to activate it, you can either call, there will be an eight hundred number on the card. Or if you have our mobile banking app, you can activate it through the mobile banking app. On your phone.
OK. OK.
OK. So I wanna confirm your address, it's seven sixty, Maple Drive in Stowe New Hampshire?
South. Seven seven sixty South.
South?
Yes.
Maple Drive in Stowe of. OK. All right, so we've got that started and your new card will be on it's way shortly. again you can activate it by calling the, you can call us. Call the phone number that you called today and at the prompt you can hit seven and that'll take you into the activation. Or you can use the mobile app to activate and is there anything else that I can do for you, Lilly?
Can you please look in my debit card and see what was the last charge on it?
Sure. OK. And we're going into your debit account. It's two nine one one? and the last thing I'm seeing here is is a gas purchase. Yesterday? For forty-two dollars.
Please.
OK. Yeah. I. I do, yes.
You recall that?
OK.
Do you want to cancel that one? Or do you want to and issue another one? Or would you like to It is that card missing too?
no. I found this one. I was just wondering just wanted to know.
OK.
Kinda to figure it out. Maybe I dropped it at the gas station, cuz then well it doesn't matter. Which is we've already canceled it. I'm just. I I have never lost anything before, this is my first time, and I just so I'm just I guess I have to be more careful cuz if it was my debit card.
you know what, it happens.
OK.
It does happen. So maybe your day will start to get better now.
I hope so cuz it's not even noon!
All right. Is there anything else I can do for you, Lilly?
no, that was all. That was very helpful.
Well, thank you very much. And we appreciate you being a customer with Intellibank.
All right, thanks a lot.
All right, thank you.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Amber. How can I help you today?
Yeah hello Amber. This is Rudy Johnson.
Hi Rudy. How can I help you?
Oh well I need to open up a new savings account cuz I just ended up winning a couple extra dollars at the racetrack and I kinda want to set it aside.
Oh sure. Congratulations on winning extra money.
Oh yeah. It was nice. .
OK. Let me get some of your verifiable personal information here. OK. Can I please get the first and last name?
Oh yeah. My first name's Rudy. My last name's Johnson.
OK. Can I get your date of birth?
twelve eighteen of eighty-six.
Your social security number?
Yeah that's five five eight zero zero thirteen thirteen.
OK. And it looks like you do have a security question on this account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
I believe that's orange.
Yep that is correct. OK so we have the standard checking account set up. Are you interested in setting up the standard savings account as well?
Well what kind of savings accounts cuz it's a fair amount of money and I wanna draw some interest on it.
sure so the standard savings account does not draw interest. We can move you up to the plus account for the savings and that draws a one percent interest every month.
OK is there any other types of savings accounts with higher yield?
Unfortunately no we do not have any other options.
OK what's the minimum balance on that?
The minimum balance for the one percent interest account is a minimum of five hundred dollars.
OK yeah we'll go with that.
OK. Let me get that selection made for you here.
OK and I see here you've made the deposit electronically from your winnings into your checking account it looks like. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct.
OK and you're wanting to transfer that amount to the new savings account, correct?
Yes.
OK. And what is that balance that you're wanting to transfer?
I'm hoping to transfer oh out of the thousand dollars let's say eight hundred and eighty-eight dollars.
OK. Give me one moment here to make that adjustment and transfer.
Yeah cuz you know that's my lucky horoscope number so I'm hoping to put it aside in savings to kind of remind me of it.
Well good luck with that.
Well yeah I mean I've had luck so far.
OK so I have transferred eight hundred and eighty-eight dollars from your checking into your new savings account number. and your new savings account number is going to be five seven nine two three zero one.
Yeah sure let me write that down.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh no you've been really helpful. Thank you.
Not a problem. If you have any other questions please don't hesitate to reach out. I'd be more than happy to help you.
thank you and have a nice day.
You too. Bye bye.
Bye.
Good morning and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Scott. How can I help you?
I need to get some cash.
You need to get some cash out? OK. I understand that. who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
This is Kristal.
Kristal OK. What's your last name Kristal?
Humphrey.
All right Kristal Humphrey. would you like me to call you Kristal or Mrs. Humphrey?
Kristal is fine.
OK. Kristal, what is your date of birth?
ten twenty-three nineteen eighty-seven.
All right. I'm gonna get an authenticating ID number. this can be your credit card number.
Do you have a credit card number you can give me?
No, I don't. not right now. I don't have any of that on me.
Oh OK. well we could do a work-around. if you can give me your account number I can take that.
OK, I can give you that.
OK.
two four three five eight eight nine zero one six.
OK, that works. Good deal. Thank you very much. I'm gonna ask you for security purposes a security question. And your security question is the name of your first pet?
Shaggy.
Shaggy. OK, thank you very much Mrs. Kristal. do you.
I just.
I'm not near a branch and I don't know how to get cash out.
You're just trying to get some cash out?
Yeah.
OK. Well what I can do is I can list some of the local ATMs that are close by you.
OK. Can I find those on the website as well?
You sure can. You can got to Intellibank find an ATM dot com and it'll ask you the same information I asked you earlier. And it'll you'll put in your address and it'll it'll pop up with some ATMs that are available, but I could do that for you right now if you'd like since I got you on the phone.
Oh, oh.
Yeah, that would be great.
OK. Well give me your current address right now.
Four seven eight nine North Tucker Boulevard. And that's in Arlington, Texas.
OK. And what's the ZIP code over there?
Seven six zero one seven.
All right. It looks like you have an ATM pretty close by at one four one four East Tucker Boulevard, Arlington, Texas seven six zero one four. that ATM is at an Intellibank location so there should be no fees associated with it. They're open from nine to five if you'd like to go by there. would you like me to find you another one?
no, that should be good for now. can I also do other things at the ATM? Can you transfer funds and things like that?
At this ATM you cannot. You can, you can only pull out cash. At another ATM we can find you you can you can deposit cash or you can transfer funds like you asked. Do you want me to to find you one of those?
OK, yeah if you don't mind. I'd like to have one of those please.
OK, let's see. At one two seven nine Superman Boulevard, Arlington, Texas seven six zero one six, there is an ATM at an Intellibank that you can do all the things that you could possibly do with me, but at the ATM there.
OK, that that's good. That's what I need.
OK. Now let's see here. Yeah, that's only about four miles down the road so that should be good enough to to help you out. is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that's it for today. I can't think of anything else that I need to do.
OK. Well just give you some advice on the ATM there that there are daily withdrawal limits at the Intellibank ATM. The daily withdrawal limits is one thousand five hundred. at that
Is
That including both, like all accounts included or could that be from separate accounts or savings and checking?
It's just per account.
So, yep. So if you wanna pull fifteen hundred out from your checking you'll you'll be able to pull out another fifteen hundred out from your savings.
Per account. OK.
OK, which is good to know. OK.
Yes, absolutely and if say you do pull out fifteen hundred there'll be a twenty-four hour waiting period before you can pull out your max limit which is fifteen hundred again. OK, so fifteen hundred per twenty-four hour period at each ATM.
OK
And for deposits there's a limit of one thousand two hundred and fifty dollars cash. If you're depositing cash into an ATM there is limits there and that's how much each ATM will accept.
OK, and how long does that take to post if I were to deposit cash?
It should take anywhere between three and seventeen business days for it to to post. You will receive an email when we have received the funds and then you'll receive another email when it's posted.
OK. Fantastic.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that's it. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Good morning, Intellibank. This is Amanda. How may I help you?
Yes, this is Jennifer Johnston. I have a transaction on my account that I didn't make. I just need to check on that, please.
OK. Could you give me your full name and your birthdate please so I can look up your account?
It's Jennifer Johnston, and my birthdate is seven oh nine two thousand and one.
OK. Do you know your account number, Jennifer?
Yes. It's eight zero zero zero five six eight two one zero.
OK. That's eight zero zero zero five six eight two one zero.
No, I'm sorry. That's the wrong one. It's eight zero zero zero five six eight two one two.
OK, so eight zero zero zero five six eight two one two.
Yep.
OK. Could you provide the answer to the security question? What street did you grow up on?
Yes. It's Adams Street.
OK, Jennifer. So, you're wanting to check on a transaction from your account or your credit card today?
My credit card.
OK. Do you have your credit card number with you?
sorry, I don't have it on me right now, but I can go get it. Just give me a minute.
OK, go ahead. I'll wait.
OK. I got it now.
OK. What's the number?
It's five three four seven one zero eight zero. Seven eight four two zero one four three.
OK, that's five three four seven one zero eight zero seven eight four two.
Yep, that's right.
OK. So, how much is the transaction for that you're calling about today?
The charge is for two hundred and thirty-four dollars and fifty-seven cents.
OK. And what was the date of the transaction?
It was on January fifth.
OK. And why are you disputing the transaction?
I don't know what this is for and I don't remember making this transaction.
OK, well. Give me a second, and I'll take a look at this for you Jennifer.
OK.
OK. The only thing that I see is that it shows it's for a company called Webline. Do you know what Webline is or remember this?
No. I have no idea what Webline is.
OK. Does anyone else have access to your account that may have made the transaction?
No, I'm the only one with access to my credit card.
OK. Do you know if you have any, like, any regular membership fees or subscription fees that may be coming out monthly?
I don't think so. Does it show that it's a membership fee or a subscription fee?
OK, give me a second and I'll check on that for you and see if I can find out any information on it.
OK.
Have you been very busy today?
no, for a Friday, it's actually been very slow. OK, Jennifer, it looks like it doesn't show if it was for a subscription or a membership, but it does show that the company is located in San Diego, California. Well, does that have? Do you have any recollection of that now?
I still have no idea what this would be for.
OK, well we do have some options for you that you can choose from you may be able to find the company with their name and the San Diego, California online and maybe get a phone number for them to see what this is for. sometimes companies will have a different name on, that comes up under the transaction than what it actually is. if you do find the number, you can call them and see what the transaction is for and the amount. If that doesn't work then you could also request that we do a transaction transaction investigation for you. It can take up to fourteen days. But if they find out that it is an unauthorized transaction, your money can be refunded to you or you could actually call and ask the company, if you find their number, to refund the money, you know, directly from them And the only other option that we really would have for you would be to cancel your credit card. You can report it as lost or stolen if you think someone may have accessed your credit card.
OK. I think I'd like to start the investigations.
OK, well no problem. I can get that set up for you today, just keep in mind if you do get a refund from the company themselves, then you would be required to contact us and let us know that as soon as possible.
OK. I will.
OK. So, I can get your dispute started for you for the transaction. I'm just gonna go over some of the information with you to verify it first, OK?
OK.
OK. All right, Jennifer, the so the dispute is for the transaction made on January fifth twenty twenty-one in the amount of two hundred and thirty-four dollars and fifty-seven cents, to the company Webline. Is this correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK. What I'm gonna do is pass this info on to our investigation team today, and you should hear something back from them regarding this within ten to fourteen days. Is that OK?
Yep, that's great.
OK, is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, I think that's it. Thank you.
All right, Jennifer, you have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you, bye bye.
Hello. Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Nicole. How may I assist you?
hi, Nicole. I'm not sure if you can help me with this over the phone or not. I currently bank with Washington Federal, and I'm I'm really unhappy with them at the moment.
I see. I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be glad to assist and answer any questions you may have about Intellibank. And hopefully, get a new account opened for you today. To start, may I please have your first and last name?
yes. It is Hillary Martin. That's M as in Mary, A R T I N.
Thank you, Miss Martin. Again, I'm really sorry to hear you're unhappy where you currently bank and I'd be happy to tell a little bit about Intellibank. And perhaps get a new account opened for you today.
Yeah. That would be great. that's what I was hoping for. I I just wasn't sure if I would, you know, be able to do this over the phone.
Oh, yes. We sure can. I will need some information from you in order to open the account.
Yeah. Of course. I was wondering though about your fees. that's one of the reasons I'm switching banks Actually the monthly fees at Washington Federal, they're outrageous. It's like twenty-eight bucks a month in account maintenance fees. But, I just think that is completely ridiculous in my opinion.
Wow, that is high. Well, I would be happy to tell you about our account fees.
Yeah, great. Thank you. also, can you tell me if I need to make a minimum initial deposit to open the account?
Sure. I'd be happy to answer both of your questions. For a standard checking account, there is no monthly service fee or a maintenance fee. There is only a fee if your account becomes overdrawn. An overdraft fee, we call it.
Hell, OK. Well, that that, I mean, seems totally reasonable.
Yeah, we like to keep it pretty simple and straight forward here at Intellibank. No surprises.
Great. So I just wanna clarify and make sure I fully understand. I would only be charged a withdrawal fee if my account doesn't have enough money to cover a purchase. Is that correct?
An an overdraft fee. That is correct. Yes ma'am.
OK. I mean, that sounds fair.
And as far as the minimum deposit required to open a checking account, we do not require that. No, ma'am.
Oh my gosh, that's. Yeah, that sounds so much more reasonable than what's going on now.
Yeah, great. OK. So let me just get over to our new account screen here.
Yeah. it just it wasn't just the fees. I actually found the staff at my local branch to be so rude and unprofessional. I met with a personal banker the other day to get some information about refinancing my auto loan and they were completely rude and unhelpful. I couldn't believe it. I mean, I've banked there for like twelve years.
Oh, wow. I'm so sorry to hear you've had that experience. Were you still interested in refinancing that auto loan?
Yeah, you know I mean, since I've got you on the phone, we might as well look into that. Thank you.
Definitely, once we're finished here, I can transfer you over to our auto financing department, and they can help you with that.
Great, thank you. I'm I'm already glad to be switching banks. I just cannot deal with rude people.
I totally agree. It's just so unnecessary.
Exactly. It's like, if you hate your job so much, then quit. And do something that doesn't make you miserable.
I couldn't agree more. OK. So, Miss Martin, can you please provide me with your date of birth and your city and state of residence.
Yes. my date of birth is January nineteenth of nineteen eighty-one. And I live here in Houston Texas.
Great, thank you.
Mhm. No problem.
OK, can you also provide me with your social security number?
yes. It is five, one five, six seven. ooh, hold on a second.
Sorry, I'm totally drawing a blank on the last four. Gimme just a moment. that's what sleep deprivation will do to you.
Oh, no. I hear you.
Yeah, it's that new mom life though.
Oh, yes. I remember those days. It gets better.
I hope so. Let me let me just go grab my card. can you hold on for just a moment? I'll be right back.
Yes, certainly ma'am. Take your time.
Thank you. OK. I had to check. it is five one five, six seven. And then those last four are nine nine, zero one.
Terrific. Thank you, Miss Martin.
Yeah, no problem.
Now for the safeguarding of your account, I do recommend you add a security question.
Oh.
For example, you could do your mother's maiden name. A pets name.
Oh, OK. yeah. Let's do my mother's maiden name.
OK?
it's Masterson.
Masterson. And that's M A S T E R S O N?
Yes, ma'am. That is correct.
OK. Perfect. So Miss Martin, would you like to open a savings account as well as a checking account?
No, I don't think so. I think just the checking.
OK. well.
Oh, let me ask you. Does your savings have a minimum deposit or a minimum balance you have to maintain?
Our standard savings accounts we do require a minimum initial deposit of seventy-five dollars and they do not require you maintain a minimum balance. No.
Oh, OK. Cool.
Yeah. OK. So I have that security question updated here. You might want to make note of that on your end. And we do issue a debit card with every new checking account. So may I please have your home address please, Miss Martin?
yes. My home address is one, two two, five zero, East Rowley Lane in Houston, Texas nine zero, one zero zero.
Great. And is that where you receive mail as well?
Sure is.
OK, thank you. All right, Miss Martin. Just one more piece of information I need, and we will be all set here. May I please have your preferred email?
Yes. It is Texas girl. That's all lowercase. One nine eight one at Gmail dot com.
OK. Got it. Thank you so much.
Of course.
All right, that is everything I needed from you. I am sending you some new account documents to your email if that's all right. You can either electronically sign those or take them into your nearest branch and deliver those in person.
OK. When do I have to have those signed by?
just as soon as you can get to it. There's no deadline, but as soon as possible is best.
OK. No problem.
And you should be receiving your debit card within three to five business days. Was there anything else I could help you with, Miss Martin?
Nope. Unlike my last bank, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
You're so welcome, Miss Martin. Welcome to Intellibank. Thank you so much for choosing us.
Yeah, thank you again for all your help.
Yes, ma'am. Have a wonderful day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Mm, bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank, you've reached Jake. How can I help you today?
Hi Jake, my name is Darcy Davis I would like to find a branch near me, can you help me with that?
Oh absolutely. That's something I can help with go ahead and give me your street address and I can pull up the branches near you.
Yeah, my address is three two one four Greenview Hills.
OK, that's three two one four Greenview Hills, and what city and state is that in?
It's New York, New York.
Oh, fantastic let me just go ahead and put that in here. OK I'm seeing that you are near several branches branches. We have one that's close by which is on three three five four Greenview Hills that's a few blocks away. you also have one in the other direction toward three zero one five Greenview Hills.
Great, that's very helpful. And is there any other way I can just make deposit because I don't really want to go to the actual place.
Well, actually if it's with cash unfortunately you will have to go to a branch or an ATM. which there is also some options for those near you, but if you do have a check we do have a way of of depositing check via your phone. So is it a check or cash you're looking to deposit?
It's a check.
OK, well if you'd like to you can look for more information on that. We have our app what you'll have to do is download our app, and once you log in with online banking you'll be able to follow the instructions to deposit a check there, and that will save you a trip to the branch.
That's great. Great. Thank you. and can you help me with something else?
Oh absolutely what can I help you with today?
Yeah, because I you see I just I bought a new pet and it's a dog, and I wanted to know if the branches are pet friendly?
you know that's a really good question, I would advise checking the specific branch. If you'd like I could give you the phone number if it's if it's just a pet. Generally pets are not accepted, but if you if you have a specific need for having a animal by you, they may accept it in certain cases.
No, it's not completely necessary, but do you have a pet? Because I do, I have two pets now and I want to be with them all the time.
Yes I also have a cat I have a cat that I've had for the last five years. They're very friendly little little pets.
Yeah well see you can understand me. Well yeah give me the numbers and I just call them, thank you.
OK, well if you'd like to call the first branch I gave you the number is three zero two five nine four three five two four. and the one you'll have is three zero two five two zero seven three five four. Did you get those correctly?
Yeah, yeah great. Thank you Jake, you were very helpful.
Oh I'm glad I could be of service. Is there anything else that I could help you with today?
No, that will be all.
OK and just as a final thing let me just mention that the opening hours of both of those branches are from eight A M to five P M, so it looks like that you're if you get there within the next thirty minutes or so, you might be able to get service but otherwise you may have to use an ATM or use the app or wait till tomorrow.
Great, amazing that's very very helpful. OK. Thank you.
Well thank you, I'm glad that I could be of service, and I hope you have a great day.
You too bye.
Thank you bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Yes. this is Intellibank?
Yes Sir.
Oh yeah. I. I have two things that I need to do. I'll need to wire some. you wire some money and I I need to dispute a transaction.
OK. I can definitely help you with both of those things.
just to let you know we are on a recorded line and a secure line and my name is Casey Watkins and my agent number is eight two five seven one four.
and So let's see here. I believe I'm sorry. Tell me your first and last name again.
Yes. It is Samuel McWilliams.
Oh , McWilliams. OK. All right Mister McWilliams so I can access your account information, can I please get the last four digits of your social security number?
It is one two nine three.
OK. And your date of birth.
It is September twenty-fifth Nineteen seventy-six.
OK.
And so I see your. your checking and savings accounts here I need you to go ahead and answer our two security questions that are on your account so we can pull all of the information up. So I've got what is the last name of your favorite author?
Kit. K I T.
OK. And what is your pets name?
Punky. P U N K Y.
OK.
all right, perfect. I got those accounts pulled up. And OK. So I guess let's Let's talk about the disputed transaction first. Is that a transaction that was on your checking or your savings account?
I'm sorry. Ask that question again?
Was your disputed transaction. Was that on your checking or your savings account?
Checking.
Your checking. OK. and do you know the specific amount of the transaction?
yes it was three thousand dollars. Around three around three thousand. I don't know it exactly.
Around three thousand.
OK. OK so yes I do see there's a charge on here for three thousand one-hundred and forty two dollars even. it looks like it's with Ashley Furniture.
Yes.
OK.
so you're saying that that's not a purchase that you made?
I don't recall. I gotta check in. My daughter has access to my account. So I wonder if she did something and didn't let me know. No big deal. But it'd be good to know when it's that kind of dollar amount.
She she furnished her whole room.
Or house. .
OK. So.
Excuse me. I can't actually open a dispute on this if your does have access to the account. and you're not sure if she actually made the purchase or not. so I would actually need you to check with her first.
before we could actually open a formal dispute.
Oh. That makes sense. OK. Yeah I'll definitely check in with her.
OK. So But yes. But definitely you can give me a call back after you speak to her if it turns out that she did not make that purchase.
OK.
OK. So the. So the I know the second thing you said you needed help with was a wire transfer?
Yes. I need to wire some. I need to wire some money.
to my son.
OK. And what is your son's name?
his name is Cameron Williams.
OK. Is that C A M E R O N?
Yes.
OK.
I'm sorry. It's Cameron McWilliams.
OK. I was gonna say he has a different last name?
Yeah. McWilliams.
OK. Cameron McWilliams. OK. And let's see here. What do you have the routing and account number that we're sending the money to?
The routing number is one zero zero zero zero two two seven. The account number is two five two three eight three seven nine two five.
OK. And what was the dollar amount that you wanted to wire to him?
It. It. The dollar amount was forty-five. four. Four thousand five hundred. And sixty dollars.
OK. and is that going to be transferred from your checking account?
yes.
OK. We can do savings as well. If. Whichever one is easier.
yeah the checking would be great.
The checking? OK. OK. So I'm gonna verify this information we're going to wire transfer right now, for thousand, five hundred and sixty dollars from your checking account ending in seven six four four.
To Cameron McWilliams.
And it looks the. The routing number is one zero zero zero zero two two seven. And it looks like that pops up wells fargo bank. and the account number is two five two three eight three, seven nine two five.
OK.
Yes.
That is all correct? OK, perfect. OK so I can. Let me go ahead and execute that now.
OK. That is all taken care of. so that money should appear in his count. His account immediately and he will be able to access that and use that as he needs. and then that money has already been debited from your checking account. and the great thing is that since you have been a customer here for over five years we actually do not charge for wire transfers.
Oh, amazing. Thank you.
Absolutely. OK. So is there anything else I can do for you today?
That's it. You've helped me tremendously.
OK. Good. All right well have wonderful rest of your day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cynthia. How can I help you today?
Hi, I need to make a transfer from my checking to my savings, please?
All right. I can certainly help you with that, sir. Before I can complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
OK.
can I get your first and last name and your date of birth?
My first name is TJ Rollings. My date of birth is eleven first nineteen seventy-four.
All right. And you have your first name as TJ?
Yes.
OK. And Rollings as in R O L L I N G S?
Yes.
All right. And you have your date of birth is eleven one, nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK. Mr. Rollings, could you tell me your credit card number?
I don't I don't have that with me right now.
Oh, OK, sir. Could you give me your driver's license number then?
just a minute, please.
All right. Whenever you're ready.
OK.
OK. I believe I found it. OK.
All right. Go right ahead.
it's nine. I mean it's sbye bye. Sorry. It's six one nine, five two four nine, six three.
OK. Let me verify that. six one nine, five two, four nine six three?
Yes.
All right, sir. Could you give me the last four digits of your social?
yes. The last four digits of my social is seven two oh nine.
And Oh, and my phone number is area code five eight zero, two four three, nine six two one.
Oh, all right, sir. thank you for verifying all that information. Just gimme a moment. All right. So you said you wanted to do a transfer. Is that internal?
Yes.
OK, sir. Did you want to transfer from a checking or savings account?
I want to transfer from my checking to to my savings.
OK. could I have that checking account number, please?
Yes. It's five one four three three six seven zero seven four.
All right, sir. And that number was five one four, three three six seven zero, seven four?
Yes.
All right. Let me look that account up for you. And you said you want to transfer over to your savings?
Yes, please.
Your current balance on your checking account is one thousand two hundred and ninety-six dollars. What was the amount that you wanted to transfer?
I would like to transfer five hundred, please.
All right. So you want to transfer five hundred into your savings?
Yes, ma'am.
Could I have that savings account number, please?
Yes. It's five one four eight, one nine nine, two nine three.
All right, sir. Could you repeat that number for me? I missed a few.
OK.
Sorry about that. It's five one four eight. One nine nine two zero three.
All right. So, let me repeat that back to you. Make sure I got that right. Five one four eight one nine, nine two, zero three?
Mm, yes. nine two.
Yes, that's it.
All right. Let me go ahead and get that transfer for you, sir. It'll take just a moment.
All right.
OK.
OK. I have completed that transfer for you, sir. Again, that is internal transfer so it should take about two hours for that to be in your savings account. Your current savings account balance is two hundred and ninety-five dollars. When that five hundred drops that'll be seven hundred and ninety-five dollars in your savings.
All right. Thank you.
OK, I will you a confirmation number so you can for that transaction.
OK.
That confirmation is five zero six, three three three two four, three four.
All right. Thank you.
All right, sir. Is that all I can do for you today?
yes.
All right. Thank you very much Mr. Rollings for your time and patience. Again, my name is Cynthia. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Yeah, you too.
Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Peter. How may I help you?
Hi Peter. This is Simone. How are you doing? Sorry about that.
Hi S~
I'm doing.
Well. How are you doing today Simone?
Oh, I'm doing good. I just a need some assistance.
How can we assist you here at Intellibank?
I have to make a wire transfer.
OK. is this a local or an international wire transfer?
It is a local.
OK. Perfect. All right. So, Simone, I'm gonna need to get some information from you to start. First of all, Simone, what is your last name?
Bishop.
Bishop. OK. And your date of birth?
April seventh, nineteen sixty-four.
OK. And do you have a checking account number?
I do, but I don't know it on top of my head.
OK. All right. So how about a. We can go with an address here.
Yeah. Let's do address.
OK. So the address on file that we have?
Seven hundred and sixty Maple Road.
Seven.
Sixty Maple Road?
Yes.
OK, and?
Stone, New Hampshire, nine one zero one one.
All right. OK, I've got you pulled up here. So for security purposes, the last four digits of your social security number?
One one seven four.
One one seven four? OK. That is correct. All right. So which account are we are we wiring the money from?
it will be from my saving account and we need to wire them to Keller Williams.
OK. All right, so. And your savings account number is ending in two three one two, correct?
I believe so.
OK. All right. All right. And we are wiring that to Keller Williams? OK? Do you happen to have a routing and transit number for a Keller Williams?
I do actually. Just hold on just a. I had it like right here next to me, just. Can you just hold on a minute, please? Thank you.
Sure, I can.
OK. which one do you want first?
go ahead and give me the routing number.
OK, it's two three one four five five one two two.
OK. So we have two three one, four five five, one two two?
Correct.
OK, and then the account number?
It is nine one zero, two one three five seven.
OK. You said nine one zero, two one three five seven. Correct?
Correct.
OK. All right. So I'm pulling that account up and it looks like that account is with Wells Fargo? And you said it's Keller Williams? Is there another name that is going on that? Like an attention or anything?
Yes.
No.
through attention earnest money.
Earnest money. OK. All right. So then, and then, how much are we wiring?
fifteen thousand.
Fifteen thousand dollars, and that's coming out of your savings account, correct?
Yes.
OK. So we'll put that all together. And just to let you know, there is a fifteen dollar fee for a wire transfer.
OK.
OK.
Can you take that out of my checking account, please?
yes, that's your account that ends in two three one one? Correct?
Yes.
All right. Yes, I can take that out of your checking account. All right. So I got this wire transfer processing. So it should go through within the next forty-five minutes, and if there's an issue somebody from our wire transfer department will be in contact with you.
OK. can you guys send me a transaction receipt on to my email?
absolutely, we can. And is that the email Simone Bishop at Gmail dot com?
Actually, let's use a different one. It will be again Simone Bishop but at Yahoo dot com.
Oh.
At Yahoo dot com? OK. All right. So we can send that receipt to Simone Bishop at Yahoo dot com. OK. And is there anything else that we can we can help you with today?
OK.
no. I'm just gonna. We'll be waiting for the confirmation emails so then I know that everything is safe and they have received it.
OK. And do you have a counterparty on the other side that's that's looking for this wire transaction? This wire transfer.
no. I don't know. I don't know.
No? OK.
All right. Well, maybe you could call Keller Williams to verify that they had received it in about forty-five minutes to an hour.
OK.
And is there anything else that we can do for you today?
actually no. That is all.
All right. Well if there's nothing else, thank you very much for calling Intellibank. And we look forward to serving you in the future.
thanks a lot, Peter.
All right. Have a great day.
You too. Bye.
All right. Bye.
Hello good afternoon this is Veronica Green from Intellibank. How may I help you please?
Veronica how are you?
I'm very well and you?
How's the family? I'm good I'm good I'm just you know whenever I call I'm always having one or two issues and all that. right now I have two issues apparently I want to open an account with you guys, right?
OK.
And I have my ATM card you know got stolen again. So it got stolen this time around so I don't know I don't know how to start so I just want to start from the first one and then we'll go to the second one. So you just help me out.
OK. let's talk about you opening an account with us.
OK.
we have a savings account and checking account.
Mhm.
The checking accounts basically give you instant access to your credit card or debit card.
OK.
But then you have an annual interest rate of about two percent.
All right.
Then you have your your savings accounts. and the savings account doesn't give you access to your account. You don't have a credit card or debit card immediately. It takes you about three to six months for you to be able to fully access the account. But then it has an interest rate of about five percent per annum. and opening a checking account will cost you twenty dollars. a savings account could cost you like ten dollars. So which one would you want to open with us?
Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm What do you think? I think I will go for the savings account right now. Ten dollars. That means that's better for me. So how much to open this savings account?
OK. you have to give me basic information.
Mhm
Your date of birth please? Sorry Your first and last name?
OK.
My first and last name. Are you talking about my my maiden name or my my name directly, right?
Yeah, your name directly.
OK. My name is David.
OK. Your last name?
David Stevens.
OK. Mr. Stevens. Can you give me your date of birth?
February twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-nine.
OK. Mr. Stevens can I have any authentification number like your social security number or your driver's license number any one?
I think I have that right here. let me check OK I have the my social security number. It's right here. It's four five two.
OK.
Six one four.
OK.
Nine eight three.
OK.
Yeah.
you said this is for a savings account right?
Yes.
All right. security questions.
OK.
you have to tell me your mother's maiden name.
the maiden name, are you talking about her last name cuz her last name is Mary. I don't know about the maiden name. Do I don't know where is this her name you're talking about like her name is or is it the the the surname or middle name Mary and Stella or something I don't know which which you are talking about.
OK just give me the last name
Her last name.
Her last name right?
Yeah.
Is Mary.
OK. All right that would do just fine so your account number. I don't know. Do you have a pen to pen it down? right now? It has been sent to your email, however. But I will just call it out for you.
Yes, I do. I do have a pen.
OK.
so it's zero two.
Zero two?
zero four.
Zero four.
one zero.
One zero.
Two two.
Two two.
Zero one.
Zero one. OK I have that right now. Yes I do have that right now. OK. that's given.
OK.
Yeah, I I also want to ask another question before how do do do this online banking issue? Cuz you know I know you guys do online banking right? You have your online website and all that. I really want to know how I can that can be useful to me and I want to use that so if previous transactions and all that if wanted to .
OK. For online banking you can check our website.
Mhm.
At WWW dot Intellibank.
OK.
Dot com.
OK.
And you can also have a mobile app downloaded on your mobile phone so that you can easily access your account and make transaction as you wish.
OK. OK. That's good. All right. I. I think Yeah but you know I have, like I told you, I have two issues. What about my credit card that's that was stolen. How do I go about that cuz I really want to get all this done. You know that was a you know that that was a current account. from that card so I want to like see what's gonna happen. you know that that why I'm trying to open a savings account.
All right.
OK.
OK. Can you like tell me the dates of loss or the dates your card was stolen or lost?
Yeah it was just four days ago. This was on the seventh of September.
OK.
Four years ago. Yeah.
Can you give me your card number?
Card number? Yeah, I think I have that in my wallet. wow wow wow. OK. OK. Six seven eight nine one.
Mhm.
Five five three five five.
OK.
Four two one eight seven two.
All right. Sorry, I'll have to go through your personal information again. can I make you recall your first and last name please?
Told you. Stevens. Moses Stevens.
OK. Your date of birth?
February nineteenth nineteen seventy-nine.
Your social security number?
OK. Three four two.
OK.
One eight nine one.
OK.
Two two.
All right. Can you give me the name of your first pet?
OK. Is that really necessary?
Yes.
Just to know if it's my card right?
Yes.
OK. Bruno is the dog.
OK. This card that was stolen is it against for a savings or a checking account?
It's a checking account. I just opened a savings account right now. So the checking account I'm doing that for.
All right. Just canceled your card.
OK.
And I'll have a new one issued to you.
OK.
can you confirm the address to which your card can be sent?
One one five three North Formosa Avenue.
All right. All right. you can activate your card by checking in on the website like I said.
OK.
Or downloading the mobile app. Or you can also visit any of our branches.
OK.
All right. Have a good day. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
And thank you for your hospitality.
All right.
Bye.
Hello, this is Roger from Intellibank, how may I help you today?
Yes, I'm calling I believe I gave you all the wrong email, What can I do about that?
Oh! OK OK. Yes you definitely can update your email I can confirm with you to see if it is the correct email on file. OK, I'm just gonna ask you for just some basic information, can I get your first and last name?
Roshonda Jackson.
OK, and is Roshawna spelled R A S H W S H A W N A and Jackson spelled J A C K S O N?
No, sir. Roshonda's spelled, R O S H O N D A, you had Jackson right though.
OK OK. Thank you so much, ma'am. Can I get your date of birth?
June thirtieth, two thousand and one.
Thank you so much, ma'am. Can I get the last four digits of your social security number or can I get your state-issued ID number?
My last four digits would be nine nine two eight.
Thank you so much. And what was the name of your first pet, ma'am?
Lady.
Thank you so much, ma'am, that is correct. Can I get your number for the account?
Yes, sir. Hold on while I look that up real quick.
All right, I have it here, sir.
OK. Just give it to me whenever you're ready.
Five five six one eight zero nine five eight two.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am. OK. And you said that this is about updating your email address, correct?
Yes, sir. I wanna change it.
OK. The email address that you have on file is Roshonda Jackson bad at Gmail dot com, would that be email address that you have?
No, sir. My new email address is miss Jackson nine eight five.
OK. And is miss Jackson uppercase and lowercase?
OK. So the two Z's is miss as M I Z Z, the two Z's are uppercase and everything else is lower case.
OK. And so I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and spell it spell it out to you how I got it typed up here just to see if it's correct on your end, OK? So I have capital M lowercase I Z Z J A C K S O N. Would that be correct?
No, sir. It's miss Jackson nine eight five at Gmail dot com. Everything else is lowercase except for the two Z's.
OK, the two Z's are capitalized, correct?
Yes, and that's all.
OK. So I have miss Jackson nine five five at Gmail dot com.
Nine eight five.
OK. I'm so sorry about that. Nine eight five at Gmail dot com.
Yes, sir, that's correct.
OK. Thank you so much, ma'am. One second while I upload all this information.
And yes and after this, I just wanna check my account balance and that will be all for today.
OK, no problem, ma'am, no problem. OK. So everything's been updated and what type of account would you what is the account that you would like to check the balance of, would this be for your checking account or savings account?
My savings.
OK, no problem. What was the street that you grew up on?
I grew up on Claudia Drive, is that the correct answer?
Yes, ma'am, that is the correct that is the correct answer. And I meant to I meant to say what is the name of your of the street that you grew up on through your childhood. I'm so sorry, I was on my But yes, ma'am, you have the correct answer. OK, ma'am, the balance for that account is, thirty-five dollars and ninety-three cents.
All right, lemme write that down.
OK, no problem. Let me know when you have everything written down by the way.
thirty-five dollars, ninety-three cents, correct?
Correct. Yes, ma'am, it's thirty-five dollars and ninety-three cents.
All right, I think that will be all.
OK, is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I don't think so. .
OK OK. Well, if there's nothing else I can help you with today, I want to thank you for calling. As usual, I open Monday through Friday, twenty-four seven. You can always call us at this number like you've done before. There will be a survey in the end, asking you about your experience. I ask that you please take the survey so that we can always improve on on getting these getting these tasks done for you in a more efficient manner. Thank you for calling calling us here at Intellibank, have a good day.
And you too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. This is Steve at Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hi. I got a notice in the mail and it said that there is some problem with my account.
I don't understand what the issue is.
OK. I'm sure I can help you with that. can you tell me your account number?
yup.
My account number is six zero three eight zero two three zero seven.
OK. Thank you and what is your full name on the account?
Bernadette Sampson.
OK. Thank you.
B
B E R N A D E T T E Sampson. S A M P S O N.
OK. Thank you, Ms. Sampson. I appreciate that. All right. and what type of account is this that that we're looking at. I see we have a couple in here.
It's a checking account.
Your checking account. That's the checking plus account that you're enrolled in. have you been satisfied with the account services?
for the most part.
OK. Excellent. All right so I've got the account information open so what is it exactly that you'd like me to do. would you like me to check the balance or check on a specific transaction. How can I help you today?
Well it says I got a telling up there that there's something wrong with my account and I'm not sure what that means.
OK. Let's start by by comparing balances. I show your balance at four oh three eighty-seven in that plus checking account.
that. Yeah. That looks right.
OK. So what about transaction. Let's see. Let's review the last four transactions. I have one here to Piggly Wiggly for eighteen fifty-five.
You did it three days ago.
Piggly Wiggly? I don't shop Piggly Wiggly.
OK. So let's let's go to the next one. Publix? One hundred and twenty dollars.
That's right.
OK. and the next transaction is a Candlewood Suites Hotel in Austin. Texas?
I live in Florida.
I've not been there in Texas.
Not traveling.
OK so it looks like we have some disputed charges here.
let me mark these as disputed.
All right. But you say that your your account balance does match ours. So that's good. That means these haven't actually been taken from your account yet so we can go ahead and mark those as disputed
I see another transaction here from California. Have you traveled to California recently?
I haven't traveled there but I shop online over the place.
OK. This is from Vitacost. Is that a company that you shop with?
Yes.
OK. So that's OK.
That's correct.
and I show a a hotel in Belize.
Have you traveled to Belize?
I have not traveled to Belize.
OK. So somebody has has obviously compromised your identity and your information from the bank.
Can we can we cancel that account?
We can. I can take the necessary steps to cancel the account. it shows here that you have a credit card it's a platinum card on that account. Can you give me the the full credit card number from the account?
That card?
yup. Give me a second to look it up.
Excuse me.
It's in my somewhere.
I can tell you Mrs. Sampson that we Intellibank does have a guarantee that if if fraudulent charges are identified, there will be no charge to you once we cancel them.
Well, that's good to know.
So.
So once we get this this this transactions flagged and canceled, there'll be no charge to you. You will not be billed for them or charged for them.
likewise if you discover other charges you won't be charged for those either once they're canceled.
OK. My credit card number is. my. It's actually my debit card number.
Four five one two nine six eight two four one three two one five eight three.
OK. I'll read that back to you. Four five one two nine six eight two four one three seven. one five excuse me.
Oh, nope.
No. It's four one three two.
OK. I'm sorry. Let's let's start again. Give me the credit card from the beginning.
Four five one two nine six eight two four one three two one five eight three.
OK.
Four five one two nine six eight two four one three two one five eight three. Is that correct?
Yes.
And the expiration date?
ten twenty-four.
OK and if you could give me the three three numbers on the back of the card.
One two three.
One two three.
OK very good. I've canceled this card. We will send you another one out immediately. You should receive in three to eight business days and we have put a hold on those transactions.
is there anything I can anything else I can do for you today, Mrs. Sampson?
Are you sure those you sure that that card is canceled and nothing else will happen? When will I get a new card?
absolutely. That card cannot be used so you cannot use it but neither can the person who has that information. we will send you a brand new card within three to eight business days.
OK.
OK. Is there anything else I can do for you this morning, Mrs. Sampson?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.
OK. Thank you for banking with Intellibank. Have a nice day.
You too.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Mary Ann, how can I help you today?
Yeah, I just moved to another part of town should I be getting my travel card in the mail and will that come to my new address?
All right sir, so you have a travelers card coming?
Yes.
All right it can it will be coming through the mail it usually takes five to ten business days. Would you like to update your address, your new address so that it can come to the correct one?
Yes please would you?
All right sir, I will update that information for you before I complete your request. I need to get a few get a little bit more information, ask a few questions.
OK.
All right sir can I get your first and last name please?
Rafael Brown.
All right Raffiel could you spell that for me please?
A R F F I E L. Brown. That's the color brown.
OK.
All right. R A F F I E L. All right sir, can I get your date of birth please?
Yes, my date of birth is seven thirteen nineteen seventy-four. And my phone number is five seven oh eight eight two eight eight three eight.
All right sir, thank you so much. you have seven thirteen nineteen seventy-four All right and for authentication purposes, could I get your driver's number.
Yes.
My driver's license number? hold on for one second would you?
Yes sir I sure can.
Let me find it here. Here somewhere.
All right I got it six six one nine five two four nine eight six.
All right sir so that number is six one nine five two four nine eight six?
Yes, yes.
OK sir, could I get your mother's maiden name for security purposes.
Yes, my mother's maiden name is Sue. And my social these are my social security number is seven two three four. And I just put down there case you need it.
All right sir thank you so much. I have both of those on file, that's accurate.
All right.
All right sir so you said you wanted to update your mailing address on file. It looks like the traveler's card hasn't actually been sent out yet, so that's good we can update this information for you. And I will make sure that you get this sent out to this new address.
OK.
All right.
OK sir, so what's that new address you wanna give?
yes. My new address is forty-four oh seven Northblake street San Antonio ZIP code seven eight two three two.
OK again that is four oh seven Northblake street.
Yes.
And San Antonio, Texas?
Yes.
And could you repeat sorry repeat that ZIP code for me please?
Yes, yes seven eight two three two.
Seven eight two three two.
Yes, yes. So you working hard so you working hard or hardly working?
I'm working very hard sir I try to work as hard as I can each day cause I really appreciate this job.
Well that's a good way to be. Most most people don't appreciate their job like that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh no I love working, I love meeting new people, and speaking to our clients, it's really nice to talk to our customers everyday.
Oh that's that's good right there.
So sir I've already processed your request for this information this should be updated, and like I said you're traveler's card has been sent out to this new address now instead of your old address.
All right.
OK is there anything else you'd like me to do for you sir? You have anymore questions? perhaps you would like to learn something about online banking so that you can actually process this information online next time.
Oh, yes yes would you be able to do that please?
Oh, yes sir.
I really appreciate that.
So we offer on our website, our website is Intellibank dot com.
OK.
First you would go onto our site on your computer you can access it through a cell phone too. Once you go to our main site there's two tabs in the upper right corner one of those tabs says online banking. You would click on that.
OK.
OK. .
Not that good with computers though but I'll try my best.
Oh.
It'll walk you right through the process, so once you click on online banking it'll ask you for some personal information just like what I got through asking you. And then you'll fill out that information do you have an email address?
OK.
no no no I don't have one of those.
OK sir so you would have to first set up an email address and you can go to Hotmail or Gmail and set that up online. It's very quick and easy they'll walk you through that process, but once you set up an email address you can access that information and then you can use that email address to set up your online account.
All right that sound like a plan.
All right sir is there anything else I can do for you for today?
Oh, no no no thank you very much.
All right Mr. Brown. Thank you for your time and patience, again my name is Mary Ann and and take care.
No. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you?
yes I need to check the my account balance for my checking account.
Absolutely. I can assist you with that. Can I have your name and date of birth please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S and my birthday is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
All right sir and can I have you give me the account number that you're wanting to check on?
OK. Just one second lemme look it up.
Absolutely sir. Take your time.
OK. I've got it.
All right sir. If you'll just go ahead and read that number out for me.
Seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine and the last four of my social security number is eight zero one one.
All right.
All right sir and just to verify that account number was seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine.
That is correct.
All right and you said the last four of your social was eight zero one one.
Yes.
All right. Thank you sir. I've got that verified and if you could just answer your security question for me. Which was your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
All right. Thank you very much Mr. Thomas. I've got that account pulled up here and you were wanting to know the available balance. Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right sir. It's showing that you have an available balance today of one thousand ninety-two dollars and eleven cents.
OK. That sounds good. what other types of services do you have? Do you have anything for online banking?
We certainly do sir. if you would like to take advantage of that service I can go ahead and help you get set up for that. Is that something that you would be interested in?
yes. I believe so.
Absolutely sir. lemme see if we've got a email address on file for you. It it looks like we have D Thomas at A B C dot com. Is that correct?
That's correct. That's my email.
All right and would you like the updates and correspondence associated with your online banking sent to that email address?
Yes please.
All right sir. I've got that. And I will just provide you with a username and a temporary password. Whenever you're ready I'll let you write that down.
OK. Lemme grab something to write with.
Certainly.
OK. I'm ready.
All right sir. The username is going to be D Thomas. T H O M A S zero zero seven.
OK.
All right and then your temporary password is going to be E eight zero G Q seven. And that's going to all be capital letters, sir.
OK. I've got that written down.
All right and so when you log in Intellibank dot com you'll just go to the homepage there there will be a area in the top right-hand corner for you to put that information in and it will be prompt you to create your own password the first time that you log in.
OK. can you hang on just one second I got let my dog inside?
Certainly sir.
OK. I'm back.
All right sir. as I was saying it will prompt you to create your own password. the first time that you log in and would you like me to go ahead and set up the two-factor authentication for you?
Yes. Let's do that.
All right. Can I get a phone number that you can receive a one time use code as a text message.
OK. Just one second. I got it. It is six six one two two one three zero five five.
All right sir. I'm gonna go ahead and put that in here and you should receive a code in just a few seconds. If you can go ahead and read that code off to me to verify that I am getting the correct phone number.
OK. I've got it.
All right sir. If you could just give me that code please.
Zero eight six six three nine.
All right. I've got that verified for you and you're all set. So when you log in after creating your new password it will send a text message to that phone number with a new code for you.
All right. Sounds great.
All right. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I don't believe so.
All right. Well we do appreciate you being an Intellibank customer and if there's nothing else I can do I'll let you have a great day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you sir.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Maddison. How can I help you.
Yes. Hi. Good evening. Do you think I'm customer?
And I'm calling because I noticed there was a charge to my account from a Herrs magazine company? I don't even read magazines.
OK well I'm so sorry about that, ma'am before we continue. Let me go ahead and get some information from you.
Well, are
Companies allowed to charge our accounts without our permission?
No ma'am they are not. let me look into this but before I go any further I do need to get some information from you. So that way we can verify which account and what the problem is. Exactly. So can you tell me your first and last name again please?
Yes. I'm Alstalsia Hoffman.
OK. Thank you miss Hoffman, and can I go ahead and get your date of birth please?
Yes. Oh three twelve seventy-eight.
OK, and are you calling about a savings account your checking account?
No! I'm calling about my account.
OK. Is this a savings account though? Or your Or a checking account?
It's my Visa card.
OK. So it's your credit card account?
Yes.
OK. Not a problem. Can I get that credit card account number from you please?
Oh dear. OK. Wait wait. I don't have it right here. Let me Can I put you on hold please?
Sure.
OK. Bye and I'll be right back.
OK.
OK. OK. Here it is.
I I got it now. It it's such a long number you know I really don't know it by heart.
Well nobody does I don't think
OK. So you ready?
Sure.
OK four four.
mhm
Three three.
mhm
Two two.
Mhm
One one.
Mhm
Seven seven.
Mhm
Eight eight.
Mhm
Nine nine.
Mhm
Seven seven.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am OK. One moment here, and if I could get you to tell me your security question here. I'm gonna use this one. What is the name of your favorite pet?
Oh. Subacca.
Subacca. Oh. That's interesting. OK. All righty, and I have your credit card up here. OK, and you said it was a hurts magazine? Is that H U R S T?
No. Its H E A R S T.
OK. Thank you. Let me go through all of your transactions here, and I do find it It looks like it was on the tenth of this month.
Yes. That's it. That's it.
OK, and you said you did not authorize this transaction?
No. I didn't. I don't even read magazines. I I don't have the time for that.
OK. Do you think maybe it was a sample or anything? And you just forgot to maybe you know, cancel that? Nope? OK. All right Well what I can do is take a look at this. Do you notice. Are you online with your account?
Nope. Nope. Nope.
Did you. Or did you just notice this through your bank statement that came in the mail?
No I was online and I noticed it. That's how I noticed it.
OK. When you were online did you happen to notice any other charges?
No. That was the only thing that I noticed.
OK. Were there and there weren't any other charges from any other companies that you are not familiar with?
No. Not at this time no I didn't notice any other.
OK. I'm gonna go ahead and flag this one for you.
But you know you know I've been trying to call you guys for a while with the Intellibank. You know I've been trying to call you guys OK and nobody. They put me on hold for about forty-five minutes.
Was that today ma'am or was it a couple of days ago?
Well it's been a couple of days ago, and I just figured well let me try again.
Oh
Is is that how you guys at Intellibank work?
Well no ma'am I am so sorry for that it is not the intent of Intellibank to go ahead and treat our customers that way. I do know that we were having some technical difficulties. There was a storm in the area and unfortunately it did knock out some of our telephone communications. We were working on that. We did get them back up as soon as we could but unfortunately there was some things that were a little out of our hand.
OK Well at least I got to talk to someone today.
Yes, and we'll go ahead and take care of this. Right now. What I'm gonna go ahead and do is remove this transaction. I'm gonna go ahead and start a dispute for this for you. Do you want me to go ahead and flag this as fraud? There's a difference between fraud and dispute.
Well what ever it is cause I did not order it. So let's go ahead and put it as can we put it as both?
Yes. I can do that for you. I'll go ahead and cancel it. I will return the funds to you. Now when we do that what happens is it's going to go ahead and close your account for your credit card. What I am going to do, though, is re-issue you a card. It will take about two to five business days to arrive but that's just as an added security measure for you so that way that car number will not be used again.
What
So what do I do in the meantime? I pay my bills and everything with this card.
I can I do see that you have your stuff payed, set up for bill pay through our website. I'll go ahead and transfer everything over to your new card. I'll also go ahead and email you a a temporary card number that you can use. till your new one comes. Once your new one comes and you get it in the mail go ahead and activate it immediately. It will self cancel out your temporary one. And then you'll be good to go.
OK. All right, well let's see how this works.
OK, so
Give me just a moment. I'll go ahead and set this up for you.
And all right. You are all set with that. There is no subscription fee for that to I'd also like to go ahead and maybe talk to you real briefly about our fraud protection that we have I notice you are not signed up for that.
Does that cost how much does that cost? How much does that cost?
We actually will cover you for up to Two thousand dollars in fraudulent transactions. You know with COVID and everything it brought out a lot of online transactions fees, and and canceling things. this will actually take care of you for in case you do make anymore online transactions and you notice that somehow you've maybe have gone to a site and it looks like it was the same site that you've always shopped on and it's actually a fake one. Those are mirror sites. This will actually protect you in case you accidentally go onto one of those and you make a a a transaction will cover up you up to two thousand dollars in fraudulent fees.
And and is it. Is it free? Is it free?
And that's for not for that.
For up to two thousand dollars coverage, no. If you go anything over that Then yes there's a a nominal fee and it starts off at about a dollar twenty-five every month.
Well I guess that's not so bad. Gives me peace of mind.
Yes.
OK. So let's go ahead and do the free one for now and let's just keep I'll keep an eye on this and see, make sure nothing else , but if I notice anything else is on it then I'll go ahead and pay the balance and changes.
OK. OK.
All righty, OK so you are all set then miss Hoffman. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. No. Thank you I'm good. This was great thank you very much you were very helpful.
OK. Well thank you so much for calling Intellibank again my name is Maddison and you have a good evening.
You, too. Thank you.
Thanks, bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How may I help you?
Hi. Yeah I need to check my account balance because I don't I don't know if it's been used or not. I'm not able to find my card.
OK. can I get your credit card number please?
yeah let's see. I wrote it down here. four six seven three zero two nine five eight three one two five three oh nine.
OK thank you. And who am I speaking with?
This is Karen Huxley.
OK thank you Karen. And for your security may I get your date of birth please?
Six six sixty-five.
OK thank you. And authenticating ID. That would be your driver's license number.
Yeah it's six six one seven five four two.
OK thank you. And then I have a security question here. It looks like the question is pet name. What is your pet's name?
Oh lord. I I set up this account so long ago. Let's see. Could it. Is it Pickles?
I have a different name down.
OK.
let's say John. or or Tommy or or Sunny.
OK Sunny.
That's.
Yeah. That's right.
OK.
I'm a write that down so I can remember that in the future.
OK. Sunny. Thank you very much. OK and so you wanted your account balance?
Yeah I need to see if someone's been using it or or maybe my husband's been using it. I just I have not found the card and I need to see what is left in the account.
well your credit card the balance on your credit card is.
OK, my credit card. Sorry. I'm. I'm thinking of checking but I know it's my credit card.
Yeah.
OK so you're. The balance on your credit card right now is a thousand dollars and seventy-three cents.
That's a little high. can you tell me what the last transaction was? I don't remember it being that high.
Yeah. Did you say that you lost your card?
Yeah I can't find it so I don't know if maybe it's somewhere in my house or maybe my husband took it. I'm just trying to see what has been spent on it.
I'd be happy to help you with that. Let me let me just ask you what was the date that you last remember having your card?
let's see. So today's the fourth. I want to say the first.
OK the first of October. OK and what was the last transaction that you made on it?
it was at a store called Eve's.
Eve's. OK do you remember the amount?
Well it was a birthday present for my husband so it was about ninety-eight dollars.
Ninety-eight dollars. Eve's. I do show that that was the most recent transaction on the card.
OK.
So but since you can't find it, I would suggest closing the card and.
Was that
Going to affect my credit score though?
That will not affect your credit score. What we can do for you right now is close the account and then and then set you up with a a new account, a new account number and send out a new credit card. Is that what you'd like to do?
Well if I do that though will whoever has my card if it was stolen can they keep making the payment making charges until I get that new card or are you going to shut it off? Or is it still gonna be active if I do find it before I get the new card? What's gonna happen?
It's
So I've already actually already closed this account since you said you couldn't find it so this account now is closed but we will be opening you up another account but it will have a different credit card number.
OK that's that's fine I suppose. Now are you are you in Oregon? Can I come pick this up at the branch? Am I talking to someone with the company or are you at a call center? Can I what do I need to do?
OK.
yeah I'm in Oregon.
how's OK what do you live in Portland or is that I'm up in Bend so if I need to come down to Portland what's the weather like? I know they talked about snow so.
Well yeah Bend is actually south of Portland so you'd go up to Portland but I do live in the Portland area we've we don't have any snow around here. You have snow there already in Bend?
Oh I guess it is north. yeah. I guess I'm just so frazzled from this credit card being lost. yeah it's already starting to snow.
Oh nice. No we might not see. We if we see snow it'll probably be January or February.
Yeah I hear everyone in Portland is just horrible when it snows. They and they they freak out and it's just like another rainy day for us.
Well yeah snow a lot of people don't know how to drive in snow over here. That is true. Let me so you said you. Let's see here. Can I confirm your address in Bend cuz what I'm gonna do is have them mail you out a brand new credit card with a new number. so what is your address to mail this new credit card to?
All right.
Yeah it's one eight six nine South Sixty-ninth Street Bend Oregon nine seven one five three.
OK great. All right. So then well you can expect this credit card in the next four to five business days.
That's long.
well well yeah because it does it does take a while to come out in the mail. Unfortunately this isn't something that you could get in the branch. You'd have to wait for the credit the new credit card to show up.
Well that's not convenient but I guess I don't have a choice here now do I?
Well I'm sorry about that. but we will be mailing it out as soon as possible. I you know some customers have told me that they received it as soon as two business days so you might. But I would say you know three to five business days is when you would get it. And when you do receive your new card there will be an eight hundred number on the card. Please call that to activate your new credit card.
I can't just use it at a purchase like other places?
Some some companies have that option but with this credit card you will need to call the phone number on the credit card to activate the card.
All right fine.
OK so you should get that in the next three to five business days. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
no I don't think so.
All right well you have a good day and thank you for choosing Intellibank.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer care, this is Harry. How can I help you today?
I need to check the balance of my savings account. And I also need to find the nearest branch.
Absolutely I can help you with that. If you can provide me with the name on the account.
It's Seth Davenport D A V E N P O R T.
All right, thank you and your date of birth, please.
March first, nineteen ninety-two.
Thank you, and to verify the security question, the name of the street that you grew up on.
Edgefield Avenue.
All right, thank you, sir. Have got your account pulled up here now and you were wanting to check the balance of your checking account is that correct?
My savings account.
Oh, I do apologize. I can definitely tell you the balance of your checking account.
No no, my savings account.
I mean your savings account I'm sorry. All right, the balance of your savings account is twenty-five thousand one hundred and ninety-two dollars and fifteen cents.
OK. And I need to find the nearest branch.
Absolutely and what area are you trying to locate a branch in today.
I am located at six West State Road, Howell New Jersey. oh seven seven three one.
All right, it appears we do have a branch about three and a half miles from that location. And it is located at two forty-eight Rockaway Street in Howell, New Jersey. Would you like for me to repeat that address, sir?
Yes, please.
Absolutely, it's two four eight Rockaway Street Howell, New Jersey.
OK, thank you. Could you give me the hours of that branch?
Absolutely, sir. That branch is open from eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And from nine a.m. to two p.m. on Saturdays.
That's good. How's the weather doing up there?
No. The weather's been just fine where I'm at. How's the weather doing where you're at?
It's doing pretty good. Been raining a little bit, not too bad though.
Now that's mighty good to hear Mr. Davenport. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right, well there will be a survey after at the end of this call, If you would mind sticking around to fill that out and let us know how we did helping you today. And if there's nothing else I can assist you with, I will let you enjoy the rest of your afternoon.
All right, thank you.
Thank you have a good day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Courtney. How can I help you today?
hi.
Hi.
I'm calling man, I really don't know. I'm just, I'm having a hard time understanding this. you know I've got, I got this new card in the mail. Like I didn't even order it. It just showed up in the mail. Talking bout a renewal card. And call this number for activation. Like I don't know. I feel like I'm getting scammed cuz I didn't order nothing. So I called the number on the back of it. So, yeah, I don't know what this is.
All right. And who am I speaking with?
It's Jake Roberts.
All right, Jake. And what's your date of birth?
three seventeen sixty-two.
OK. And what's your address?
It's eighteen twenty-three country road four eighteen Marion, Ohio.
And the ZIP code?
four four one nine six.
OK. All right, and then lets see here. There's a security question that you need to answer. Right. What was the name of your first pet?
Mhm.
Damien.
OK. And what account do you want to check in to? Do you know what that card is referencing? You think it's a checking or a savings? You want me to look into both?
I.
Only got a checking.
OK. Gotcha.
Let's get you pulled up here.
Yeah.
All right and then I just need the number on that account.
OK. Yep. Hold on, I gotta put you on hold. I gotta dig that out of the cabinet.
All right.
I'll be right back.
Great. Take your time.
.
Jake?
OK. OK. You there?
Yes. I'm here.
OK. man, I'm sorry ma'am.
You're fine.
what you, what you call me for?
you called us.
Who is this?
This is Intellibank.
Intellibank. Right, right, right. OK. OK. I got, I got that.
My name is Courtney.
Yes, got ya. I remember, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I have Alzheimer's sometimes.
It's OK.
Growing up, my dad went off to the war. You know, came back and he was all messed up and you know, he kind of messed the rest of us up a little bit.
That sounds terrible.
But I got that, I've got, I got that number for you now.
All right. Go ahead with that.
It's
Five five four nine two three one seven eighteen twenty-three.
All right. All right, give me one moment while I pull up your account.
Mhm.
All right and I got you pulled up and then I'm sorry can you go ahead and repeat what you, you said had a card with you. You said you're not sure exactly what's going on with that. It's a really old card?
Yeah. Yeah.
I need. I need. It says to activate.
OK.
So let me take a look at the notes in your account.
Mhm.
it looks like the card your card that you had been using for a while has expired with us.
OK.
And it's say it's saying here that the system sent you out a new card last week via standard mail.
Well, how we even
Yeah, so it actually just goes ahead and does that automatically for you.
Oh.
It did all the work for me. Ain't that something.
Yep.
And so all you have to do is have me activate your card and you'll be all set. and then I'll transfer you over to a different number so you can type in your four digit PIN.
OK. Would you, would you doing, doing it for me?
Yep.
I'm gonna go ahead and All right, and I'm gonna go ahead and click the link now for you. So it's activated.
that's great.
OK.
And before I transfer you over to choose your PIN, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Are you familiar with our banking app at all?
Banking app? No, no.
All right, so if you actually go in to the play store on your Apple phone of your Android, I'm not sure what, what you like you like to use.
Oh, I've got the Android. Yeah, that Apple that's, that's for them funny guys.
So, if you go into the Play Store.
Yeah, funny. You know.
Funny, . You know what I mean?
I do. so if you go in to the Play Store and you type in Intellibank.
Mhm.
OK.
Our app icon will come up. And it's actually a wad of money with a stack of coins next to it.
Oh, there. Right there. Right there it is.
Yeah, that's what I'm
Talking about, yeah.
Yeah, so go ahead and download that app.
I'm gonna go ahead and send you and email to your personal email and once you get that email you just click on that link. You're going to have a three-digit code in that email. You go ahead and type that code in to the app and you'll be all set. OK.
Mhm.
All right.
So you you can go ahead and see all of the notes on your account on the app. You can see when your card is expiring and when one has been sent to you. You can see all that so you don't even have to bother calling us anymore if you don't want to. Or if you want, you can definitely feel free to call us as much as you like. OK?
OK.
All right. And is there anything else I can help you with before I get you transferred for your PIN?
nope, nope. Just got to figure out what I'm having for dinner.
Me as well. All right Well, you have a good rest of your evening, OK. And thank you for calling us.
Yep.
All right, thank you.
All right.
Mm, bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes, this is Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And I am seeing a an unauthorized usage on my credit card statement.
All right, Mr. Thomas. I can certainly help you get to the bottom of that. Can you tell me your date of birth, please?
Five twelve nineteen sixty.
Thank you, sir. And the last four of your Social?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you. And just to verify the security question on your account. What is your mother's maiden name?
Green.
Thank you, sir. I'll pull up your account here.
All right, and which account is it that we are looking at today?
it's my Intellibank credit card.
All right, sir. And can I have the number on that card, please.
hang on just one second, let me go get it.
Absolutely, take your time.
OK. I've got it. It is two six nine four zero seven seven three five six five one zero nine three.
All right, Mr. Thomas. I'm not seeing that card in our system.
OK. I think I might've left out a number. I need to read it to you one more time. Two six six nine four zero seven seven three five six five one zero nine three.
OK. Let me read that back to make sure I've got that correct. Two six six nine four zero seven seven three five six five one zero nine three, Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I've got that pulled up. And can you tell me the the date of the transaction?
September twentieth twenty twenty-one.
All right, I do see a few transactions there. Do you have the amount that transaction was for?
Fifty-seven dollars and ten cents.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. I do see that transaction. It looks like that was an online transaction. Placed on Amazon dot com. Do you remember purchasing anything on Amazon dot com around the twentieth? Maybe a few days before?
I do not.
All right. Is it possible, does anybody else have access to your card or access to your Amazon account at all, Mr. Thomas?
No.
All right. Well if you would like, I can go ahead and escalate this to the fraud investigation team so that they can look into this further for you.
All right. That'd be great.
All right. I can certainly do that for you, Mr. Thomas. Let me just pull that screen up. Give me one moment while I fill that out for you.
How's your day going so far?
Oh my day's been pretty good, actually. just get to help people with their different banking needs is always nice. Always interesting.
Well that's good.
All right, Mr. Thomas. I've got that form filled out and I will go ahead and escalate that to the fraud investigation team. And they will reach out to you directly if they need any more information. But do note, it may take up to ninety days for them to reach a conclusion on that. it will go ahead and issue a temporary credit to your account in the mean time. So you will see those funds back into your account, pending that investigation. and I do advise for you to call Amazon customer service directly. so that they can assist you on their end as well.
OK. That sounds great.
All right, Mr. Thomas. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well, if you'll hang on the line, after we disconnect there will be a brief survey. That you can let us know how we did today at Intellibank. And how to improve our customer service for the future. And if there's nothing else I can assist you with, then I will let you have a wonderful rest of your day.
OK. You have a good day, too.
Thank you, sir. Have a good night.
Hi. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. My name is Alisha. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
My name is James.
Hi James. How are you today?
I'm all right. I go by Jim.
Jim? OK thank you for letting me know. what's your last name?
Feretti. It's Italian. I know it's kinda weird name. Sorry.
OK.
No, I like it.
Well, thanks.
All right so how can I help you today?
well I was calling because I was looking on my account earlier today and I've and maybe I'm just like overthinking it but I seen a transaction that I I didn't recognize and you know I was I was out of town last week so I think like maybe it's possible that like I used it my card or something and I couldn't remember. I don't know but I just feel like it's not something that I had you know something that I had done so, I don't know, I was just hoping that maybe you could give me some insight as to like what this transaction was.
Yeah, well absolutely. That's definitely something that I can help you with and put some hopefully ease your mind a little bit on that. lemme get your account information jump right into that so I can get your account pulled up here. Do you have the account number?
I do. It's let's see here. Hold on let me check. OK it's five eight six eight six four nine two five six zero zero four seven eight seven.
Four seven eight seven?
Four seven eight seven. Yeah.
OK, perfect and is this a checking or savings account?
This is a, this is a checking account because it's the one that my card's connected to and it's the one I use to like make my transactions with and everything but I also do have a savings account that I usually will transfer out of into this account so do like like this is the account that I was concerned about so I don't know. What do you mean?
OK, no, that's I just wanted to make sure I was looking at the right account here so perfect. Now a couple more quick security questions for you. Can I have you verify your date of birth?
OK.
Yeah, it's August tenth seventy-four.
Seventy-four OK.
Yeah, I'm I'm old. I know.
No. No, no you're not. Not yet. Now can you also.
Nice.
My FY , sorry go ahead.
Can you also verify for me your security question. It looks like the name of the street you grew up on.
Ooh, the street that I grew up on? let's think. I think it was First Avenue.
First Avenue. That's perfect. That's exactly what I've got. Thank you. All right.
That was a long time ago. Sorry can't always remember.
You're fine. OK so we've got that information pulled up here OK so can you tell me a little bit more about the transaction?
yeah. I I see a charge for, it was like twenty-six dollars and eight cents or something and the it said the vendor was like, it was just like this weird code. It wasn't like a specific like like store or something which I thought was kinda odd because I don't remember spending like twenty-six bucks on anything. Like I I remember like I went out to dinner and I remember I went to GameStop but I spent like a hundred and something bucks there so like this this is not making sense to me.
OK yeah that's definitely alarming. Do do you let anybody borrow your card or?
No, never.
No? OK. So I do see the, a charge here for twenty-six dollars. Was that the same one you were looking at? OK. And what what day was it on that you noticed it?
Yeah.
well I I noticed it this morning but it said the date was the fifteenth.
OK. Yeah so I do see that here and you're right it is a weird sort of name. It's just a bunch of numbers and letters.
Well I don't I don't wanna like I don't know. Is there a way to dispute it?
Yeah, so what I can do here is go ahead and first block your card so that no more transactions can go through. Unfortunately that means you won't be able to use it either but I can start sending you a new one right now.
Well how long is that gonna take?
It can take three to five business days but I can also give you the online banking information to get your virtual card in the meantime so you can use it online.
Oh, OK. Well I mean if if you say it's gonna only take like three or four business days like I don't think that I really need it till then so that's fine.
Yeah OK then perfect so I went ahead and I've already blocked the card just to make sure no more fraudulent transactions can go through.
thank you.
Absolutely and I did already start a dispute for the twenty-six dollar charge from the fifteenth and it pended until today. It just it did post today so I went ahead and submitted that. It can take about seven days for that dispute to come back and the funds to be refunded back to your account.
OK but it but it is going to refund, then, back to my account?
If they find that the transaction was fraudulent they do an investigation which I don't know too much about but I just start the process here for you and then I can give you a confirmation number here in just a moment.
OK perfect.
OK. You ready for that confirmation number?
Yeah, go right ahead.
OK it's gonna be one two A four four seven B.
OK then let me read that back. It's one two A, as in alpha four four seven B, as in bravo.
That's correct.
All right perfect. Thank you.
Yes, so what's gonna happen is someone from our security department is gonna call you in about twenty-four to forty-eight hours and they'll give you more information about the dispute.
Perfect, I'll be waiting for it.
OK and I'm hoping that everything's OK but have I taken care of the reason for your call today?
Yeah, I think that's pretty much all I needed.
OK, wonderful. Well expect that letter in the mail with your new card in three to five days. And you try to enjoy the rest of your day.
Perfect. Thank you very much. You have a good day, as well.
Thank you so much. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Andrea. How can I help you today?
Hi, I need to check the account on my credit. On my credit card.
All right.
Is. Is. I. I. I got people using it and they ain't supposed to be. Then they don't wanna tell me how much they're using. I may. I need. I I. I just need to know my balance. Thank you.
All righty. No problem. what's your first and last name, sir?
It's Simon Cowen.
All right, Simon. And what's your date of birth?
It's one nineteen eighty-two.
OK. All right, Simon. And do you have the number on your credit card? do you have that number with you now?
yeah, let me see here.
Sure.
Man, everybody messing with my stuff. there. Right here. Right here it is. OK. It's six seven nine two four eight three four nine seven six five. looks like it's kinda rubbed off. eight six seven two.
All right.
It's a Mastercard.
OK. One moment. .
you that know my mom got ahold of my credit. She bought a cat. You know a, a, a cat. I mean, I don't like cats. But she buys this cat and then she has to go out and get all these supplies for the cat and then the cat leaves to go the vet and she takes my card to do all this stuff and then she don't even want to tell me how much it is I don't even know how much money I got.
I can understand how frustrating that is for you, sir.
Man, it ain't. I don't even want nothing to do with this cat. I just want my money. Yo, it's my money. I worked for it. You know. A lot of people don't even work no more. But I not you, you know. people like me and you we work for our money.
Yes, we do, sir. it looks like we have a security question set up in your account.
Oh, man.
what is your favorite color?
Oh My cyan. That's my favorite. I like that one. It's. It's a real, real pretty shade.
All right. And that is the correct answer.
Yeah.
And what type of account are you checking again, sir?
my credit card account.
OK.
My mom was using it and she ain't supposed to be. And it's just. Man, just this stinking cat is driving me up the wall already. and it ain't been here for two days. Get off the table. cats.
All right. I can understand how frustrating that can be, sir.
I just wanna. I just want to know
You know, I just want to know what was used on it. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm so upset about this.
Sure, sure.
Sure, and let's see here.
I might. I might want to open another one. Good. We got. We got to get through this one first.
OK. And it looks like the balance on your credit card account right now is two dollars and sixty-nine cents.
I'm gonna kill this cat.
would you like to check any further accounts with us, sir?
Yeah.
All right, Simon. And what other account would you like to check?
I want. I want to check my savings account.
Sure. And it looks like you have a security question set up in your savings as well. And what was the name of your first pet?
Oh, OK.
My first pet. My first pet was Goldie.
That is very nice, sir. And that is the correct answer to your security.
It was a goldfish.
I won it at the fair when I was six.
That's very nice, sir.
He didn't live long. I I I I miss Goldie.
I'm very sorry, sir.
my first pet might be Goldie. Never forget him.
I understand. Your account balance on your savings. I have as a little girl. I'm very sorry about your loss, sir.
You ever, ever have a goldfish?
dibye bye. How long. How long did you have your goldfish for?
I honestly can't remember, sir. It's been a long time. looks like the balance on your savings is fifty-two dollars and three cents.
Aww, man, that's too bad.
Oh man. So what you're telling me. what you're saying is this cat broke me. I'm broke because of this damn cat. Man, I wanna kill this cat.
I'm just simply giving you the balance to your account, sir. I'm not saying you're broke.
man. That's what it sounds like.
is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Yeah, yeah, I better open a checking account so my moms can't get it. Can I. Can I open an account that moms aren't allowed to use? I don't want my mom using my accounts no more.
Sure, we can set up a harder security question for that account so your mom can't get into it.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's put some barbed wire around it.
Sure, no problem.
Yeah, my mom ain't getting this money. I'm tired of this cbye bye. I work for my money.
All right, sir. And so you said you wanted a checking account?
Yup.
OK. And let's see here. So it will cost fifty dollars and twenty-nine cents to start a new checking account.
OK.
Would you like me to transfer the balance from your savings into your new checking?
Yeah, yeah. Let's just do that.
Sure.
Mom ain't getting my money no more.
give me one moment.
you ever had anybody using your accounts like that? Like just like you ain't never. Like you ain't never know how much money you had?
I can't say that I have, sir.
it'll make you so mad.
All right, Simon. Simon, I'm gonna have to get you to another department to make that transfer and create that new. New account, OK?
Make you want to kill the cat.
OK.
Now, I'm very sorry to hear what happened to you. I hope the rest of your day gets better. OK?
Yeah, yeah, me too.
You take care and thank you for calling Intellibank.
I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.
I'm. I'm sorry about your goldfish.
Thank you, Simon. I am actually very sorry about your goldfish as well. I. I hope that it gets better for you.
Yeah, he. He. He. He was.
He was a good fish. He was a good fish. Only had him for three days but man he was really cool.
Yeah. They're they're a a bit more more low. They're a bit more low maintenance than than a cat. That's for sure.
Yeah.
Yeah I I I was told at the fair wasn't giving people good fish.
Yeah, yup, and that's understandable. Simon, I'm going to go ahead and get you to another agent now, OK? Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day, OK.
OK. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Damn cat.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How may I assist you?
yes, I need to check my Intel checking account balance.
All right sir is that your Intellibank checking account?
Yes that is correct.
All right not a problem. I can certainly help you with that. Can I get your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
All right and your date of birth please?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you sir and can I have you verify the last four of your social for me?
Eight zero one one.
And can I get the account number for your checking account please?
Just one second, let me go get it.
No problem sir, take your time.
OK I've got it.
All right go ahead when you're ready sir.
My account number is seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine.
That's seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine, correct?
That's correct.
All right thank you and then just for your security if you could answer this question for me. What was the make of your first car?
a nineteen sixty-eight Chevrolet Vega. V E G A.
All right sir I've got that verified. And I've got your account pulled up here. Now you would like to know the balance on your checking account. Is that correct?
That's correct yeah. I've got to buy some new tires. My wife, she's been running on flat tires and she's she's ruined our tires. I gotta buy some new ones.
Absolutely sir I that sounds like a pretty necessary purchase. it shows here that your available balance as of today is nine hundred and sixty-two dollars and ten cents.
OK sounds great. You been having a pretty good day so far?
Huh? Yeah it's been a pretty good day. my day's almost over actually so it is gonna continue getting better.
Well great!
Mhm absolutely is there anything else I can assist you with Mister Thomas?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well if you would you be interested in signing up for online banking today?
does it take very long to sign up?
Not at all sir I just need an email address that you'd like to use for us to send updates to it. And then I will generate a username and temporary password for you. And then you'll be all set.
OK yeah let's do that. I've got an email address D Thomas at A B C dot com.
All right let me go ahead and put that in there that's D T H O M A S at A B C dot com. Is that correct?
Yes that's right.
All right sir and then I've got a username for you or if you'd like to choose your own you can do that.
yeah go ahead and pick one.
All right it's just gonna go ahead and be D T H O M A S zero zero one.
OK I've written that down.
All right and I've got a temporary password for you if you're ready to write that down.
I'm ready.
All right it's going to be L three five G J.
OK. I've got it written down.
All right sir and then the first time that you log in you will just put that password in and it should prompt you to set your own password.
OK, and I just go to the Intellibank dot com homepage and I'm assuming there will be a link to sign in?
Yes sir that is correct. On the homepage there will be a location for you to input this information and just click the login button and it will take you straight through to the online banking page.
All right that sounds wonderful.
Absolutely sir. Was there anything else I can help with?
Can't think of anything.
All right well if you'll hold on the line there's a brief survey which you can fill out and let us know how we did today and how we can help you better in the future.
OK.
And if there's nothing else I can do then you have a great evening.
All right you too. Thank you.
Thank you. Good night.
Hello this is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
I'm calling to check my account balance.
OK. I can definitely help you with that. Can I get your first and last name?
Lashanda Jackson, and my date of birth is June thirtieth two thousand and one.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am. Can I can you spell Rashanda Jackson for me, can excuse me. Can you spell Rashanda for me?
Yes sir R O S H O N D A.
OK, and Jackson was spelled J A C K S O N.
Yes sir.
And ma'am you say you were born June thirtieth two thousand and one?
Yes. That's correct.
Thank you so much. Can I get your state issued ID number or the last four digits of your social?
Yes. I'll give you my state ID.
Z four C six four four F one G five seven R.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am, and what was the name of your first pet?
Lady.
OK. and you are checking the balance for will this be for your checking account or will it be for your savings account ma'am.
It will be checkings.
OK, and can I get the bank number for that account ma'am?
Yes sir. Let me go grab it real quick.
Not a problem.
OK. It's six seven seven nine four two zero eight.
And that was six seven seven nine four two zero eight?
Yes sir.
OK, thank you ma'am.
Just give me a, give me a few seconds so I can, so that everything can upload on our end. I can tell you that checking account balance number, balance.
Mhm
How's your day going sir?
Oh. My day is going good how is your day.
Pretty OK, thank you.
Oh. It's not a problem. You're actually the first customer to ask me how my day is going so that's a so that's always a plus.
.
OK. So the, your balance for your checking account is seven hundred twenty-three dollars and ninety-four cents.
OK. Let me write that down.
You say seven hundred and twenty-three dollars and ninety-four cents.
Yes ma'am.
All right. Thank you.
OK is there anything else I can help you with today ma'am?
Yes one more thing. I want to update my street address, that's the yeah.
For my account I want to update my account street address.
Absolutely absolutely ma'am, I can definitely help with that OK.
I'm just loading up everything, your personal information.
OK.
Now it has on file that your last current address was seventy-three forty-eight Windsor Drive? And this was in not Colombia, Union South Carolina?
Yes sir, I wanna change that mhm.
OK. Absolutely OK. Can you give me your new address ma'am.
Mhm It's three nine six, Taylor street.
OK, and that was three nine six Taylor street?
Yes sir.
Can I get the city as well as the state followed by the ZIP code?
Yes sir. Union South Carolina, and my ZIP code is two nine zero zero one.
Thank you so much ma'am.
OK. I have everything uploaded and as usual it's gonna take about five minutes for it to be inputted in the system. Now since you since, are, have you are you already moved into the address ma'am.
Yes sir, this my current residence.
OK.
OK. Yes ma'am so what's gonna happen is that you're gonna get something in the mail. just asking you for just some more verification. So we're gonna basically ask you to maybe come up to your local branch and to send us a utility bill just so that we can confirm that you stay here but I do have on file that you stay here but we wanna, just need some confirmation.
Oh OK. If that's needed I'll go up there.
OK. I do thank you for letting us know that. is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, I just wanna change my email address. That's all that's the last thing. I'm sorry.
Oh absolutely. No ma'am don't please do not be sorry I'm here to help you with whatever you need, OK?
I'm gonna go see what was your last email address on file OK the last email address we have on file for you is Roshanda Jenkins Bad at Gmail dot com is that correct?
Yes.
Yes sir.
OK. Can you give me your new email address.
Yes. It will be Roshanda Jackson ninety-one at Yahoo dot com.
And that's Roshanda Jackson ninety-one at Yahoo dot com?
Yes sir.
Now is Roshanda is anything capitalized or is everything lowercase.
All lower case. Yep.
OK ma'am I have your email address now that will be updated immediately. It's just that when it comes down to addresses and anything just pertaining to where you live at, your residence that's gonna take a while to go through our system.
So Is there anything else that I can help you with today ma'am?
No sir, That'll be all.
OK. Well I thank you for calling here today ma'am, and giving us your time to help you help you out with any issues as always you can call as we're open twenty-four seven Monday through Friday There'll be a survey at the end. I'll just call asking you, asking you about your experience I you please take that survey and you have a great day.
You too.
Thank you calling Intellibank. This is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
Marsha Stevens.
And how you doing this evening?
I'm doing OK.
That's good. That's good. can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
OK.
And what account are we dealing with today?
Well, today we're dealing with my savings into my checking.
OK. Let's get that savings account number.
It's eight A zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK.
and how much money are we moving in?
we're gonna take seven hundred out of the savings into the checking account.
Seven hundred?
Yes.
Alright.
Alright. Let's see. What's the checking or the.
What's the checking's account?
The checking account is eight A two two one zero zero four three five five nine eight.
You said five five nine eight?
Yes.
OK.
That won't.
Be a problem, will it?
no the we.
Just taking its time on this system. That's all.
OK.
It will be done in just.
So how your day going today?
it's going fine. It's going fine.
Good. Good.
Good weather we having today. That's about it.
Yeah.
Yeah. Starting to steam up though.
Yeah. Yeah. The just the Midwest weather though it's.
Unpredictable.
Yeah, very unpredictable, very unpredictable.
Alright Ms. Stevens, seems like the transfer is complete. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
let's see. Can you give me the amount that remains in the savings.
OK. Let's check the savings account.
After the transfer you have five thousand eight hundred and seventy-six and dollars and eighty-six cents.
Oh, OK.
Alrighty.
OK, are you aware of the online banking and app?
Yes.
OK.
Yes.
just a quick reminder you can always check you balance on there. you can actually work with the transfer on the app as well. It's a new feature that we have.
Oh, OK. OK. That's great.
Just if you never need to transfer on the fly or on the go.
I also wanted to updated you that you have a new a new branch that just opened up around you.
Oh, OK.
That that's that would be. That would come in handy.
So it's closer.
To me?
Yes, it's actually. Lemme look look this up in our system. Actually everything updated.
Well that's what computers do.
Yeah. And I'm it's world of technology. It's It's easier and convenient for people now.
Yes.
OK, we have one on three eight seven Warsaw Avenue.
OK.
yeah and if you're ever in the area, drop by. They will be happy to help you. And.
Do they have a tailor I mean a ATM in there?
ATM yes. All of our branches have ATMs within or outside of the building yes.
Oh, OK, great.
Great. Great.
And it's not too far and that's perfect for me. Oh wow!
Then,
Anything else I can help you with? Do you need to know the amount that's in your checking's account?
Yes, that'd be fine.
That'd be fine. That'd be great.
Added on with the seven hundred?
Added on with the seven hundred we just transferred you are at three thousand eight hundred eighty dollars.
All right.
OK, perfect.
OK.
I thank you for your help today.
no problem, Ms. Stevens. You have a wonderful day.
You too.
Alright.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Natalie. How may I help you today?
How are you today, Natalie?
I'm doing just fine, thank you so much for asking. And yourself?
I'm doing well.
OK. I'd like to close my checking account.
That's not a problem whatsoever. I would be more than happy to help you with that. May I have your name, please?
Mildred Pierce.
P I E R C E.
My date of birth is February fourth two thousand.
OK. Thank you for that information, Ms. Pierce. I have your last name spelled P I E R C E?
And your date of birth as February the fourth two thousand?
Yes.
OK, thank you. And may I have the last four digits of your social security number please?
My last four digits is five nine six oh.
OK. I have five nine six zero?
Yes.
OK, thank you so much Ms. Pierce. And I do have a security question on file for you. what is your maiden name?
Greene. G R E E N E.
OK, thank you so much for that Miss Pierce . Now, what is the number for the checking account that you would like to close?
The number is zero zero zero seven nine three three one.
OK. I have that checking account number as zero zero zero seven nine three three one?
Yes ma'am.
OK. And what is the reason you would like to close your account?
I've moved and I've opened a new account with a closer bank.
I'd also like to transfer my balance to my new account.
OK, sure. That's no problem whatsoever. Now what type of account is it that you would like to transfer your balance to?
A checking.
OK. And may I have the routing number for that checking account, please?
Nine nine one three seven one five eight six.
OK. I have nine nine one three seven one five eight six?
Yes ma'am.
OK. And what is the account number?
It's one zero zero five eight nine two three one.
OK. I have that account number as one zero zero five eight nine two three one?
Correct.
OK, Ms. Pierce. I do have this transfer all set for you. Now, it will be one to two business days before the balance will show up in your other account. But the account with us is closed as of immediately. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, ma'am. I need to report a lost credit card.
Oh, goodness. I'm sorry to hear about that. But I will be very happy to help. may I have your credit card number, please?
Yes ma'am The number is eight five nine three seven seven five six, oh two eight seven four five one five.
OK, thank you Ms. Pierce. That number is eight five nine three, seven seven five six zero two eight seven four five one five?
Correct.
OK, thank you so much. And what date was it lost?
We moved last weekend. I'd say nine twenty-six.
OK. I have that on September the twenty sixth?
Yes ma'am.
OK and what location or what business did you last use the card at?
I was at Ashley Furniture on nine twenty three.
OK. That was Ashley Furniture on September the twenty third?
Yes ma'am.
OK. Just let me check your transaction or your transaction history real fast to make sure that it hasn't been used since then. OK, well everything looks good. That was the last transaction thankfully, so we don't have to worry about any fraudulent charges. I do have that card canceled and I am processing your brand new card right now. Now may I have the address to send your new card to?
Yes ma'am. one twenty four Carriage Street Atlanta, Georgia.
OK. I have one twenty four Carriage. C A R R I A G E Street in Atlanta, Georgia?
Yes ma'am.
OK, thank you so much for that information Ms. Pierce. and your new card should arrive by mail to you within five to seven business days.
Now if you don't receive it just make sure and give us a call back here at this number Now is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
All right. Well thank you so much again for calling us Ms. Pierce. Again, my name is Natalie and have a wonderful day.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Yeah, I had a problem with one of my transactions the other day. I went to a restaurant and I got had some trouble with it. It might be a little complicated, but I'm sure we can figure it out.
OK. Sure, sir. I'd be more than happy to help you with that.
I'm going to have to ask you for some information to verify who you are. can I have your first and last name?
Sure.
Bert Friend. It looks spelled like friend. It's Bert Friend. Not Robert. they named me Bert.
OK. Thank you very much for that. And can you give me your date of birth and your last four of your social?
Sure. Three one sixty-nine. And four two three eight.
OK. Thank you so much. And I also need to need for you to repeat the number that's on your account that from your debit card.
All the all the the sixteen digit?
Yeah, to to authenticate your account.
I got you. It's do do do do do do do.
And if you don't have that.
This is. It might be
My old card here.
If you do not have that number you can use your drivers license number.
Yeah, I think this is my old card. Yeah, let me give you my drivers license number. It's it's West Virginia D one four five six eight nine two.
Uh-huh.
Yes, sir. Thank you for that.
Sweet.
And I need you to verify one of your security questions. So you'll solidify your identity. For to prove who you are. what's your favorite pet name?
My favorite pet? Fluffy.
OK. Thank you very much for that. And so you're calling because of a disputed transaction?
Well I don't know. Girl must've been a drunk or something. We went to the restaurant, at Josephine's, and spent a lot of money, and I left a cash tip. And I looked at my bill and it was a hundred dollars more. That waitress had added a hundred dollars to my bill without authorizing it or knowing it. And I called down there the lady doesn't even work there anymore the manager hasn't even got back with me. So, I mean this might be a real pain to figure out.
No, sir. There's no there's no job too tough. I'm sure we can help you figure this out. And
I mean, I don't how do we go about getting them to credit me through your bank or, were you gonna cover the loss through the FDIC , I don't know how that works.
Sir, we will do everything in our power to make sure that this situation is rectified. There will be an open investigation and I do wanna let you know that your account will be shut down temporarily.
Ooh, well.
You guys really don't have to do that cuz this event came from that person. My my information's not no where else. It was just that restaurant. So if if you don't have to shut it down, cuz I won't get a debit card back for like two more weeks. So, you really don't have to do that that's cool.
I totally understand how you feel, sir, but we do have to put different protocols in place when something fraudulent like this does happen. So
I mean could you
Waive. Waive it this time?
we may have to just change your passcode. so that you can still be able to use your debit card.
I don't wanna change all my numbers cuz I got everything on autopay. I'd have to get all the things and recall and redo the numbers for all my autopay on all my bills. Everything's through that number. And I would be like doing everything over again. excuse me.
And can you verify the date of when this transaction happened?
It was oh four days ago. on September twenty-fifth.
OK . let's see. Well all what I can tell you is that the investigation is gonna take place within the next couple of days. And as soon as we get more information on this event and what happened exactly we will call and let you know. can you verify your address for me, please?
My address, sure. two hundred two Castaway Lane. Moose, West Virginia. Five three two eight one.
Thank you very much for that, sir. And are you sure that maybe someone didn't that you know maybe accessed your account without you knowing? Maybe a family member or somebody living in the home?
No. No, you know where it says tip on on your receipt? That waitress added a hundred dollars to it.
Yes, sir.
There's a
My bill was a hundred dollar exactly a hundred dollars more than my bill was. And I left a cash tip. Trying to be nice.
Oh I know how you must feel, sir and I am so sorry this had to happen to you, but you are in good hands. We will take care of this for you. and those charges will be taken from your account, so you don't have to worry about the money loss. there will be an investigation and hopefully we can get to the bottom of this. Is there anything else I can help you with today, and did I help satisfy everything that you were looking for?
Yeah, ma'am. I appreciate, I thank you guys for covering this cuz it's really not your fault. You should make the business compensate you for for this.
Yes, sir. we are definitely gonna get on this and And bring anyone who is guilty up to answer for this infraction. So, thank you for calling us today and we will be in touch with you soon.
But thank you, I appreciate it.
one more question, what phone number do you have on file? Do you have the the three oh four eight four one number? Cuz I changed my number last month.
Yes.
Yes, yes, that's the one we have. So, do you need to update some account information? OK. Great.
Yes, I do.
I do.
Yep. You got my account open still?
Yes, I do.
OK.
My new number is three oh four eight four two seven nine one three.
Uh-huh.
OK.
OK. just a minute, sir, while I get that. OK. Thank you so much, your account is updated, and I appreciate you letting me know that that needed to be done. And is there anything else I can help you with today?
I guess that's it. I appreciate it so much thank you. I hope I hope you get ahold of them and have them compensate you for the you know doing covering my account when it's their fault. I I really appreciate it.
Well thank you, sir. And I'm glad I could help you today and we'll be getting in touch soon. Thank you.
All right, thank you.
Have a nice day. Bye.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have a question. I am actually looking at a statement I received in the mail and Excuse me. I have a charge on it that I don't recognize. so I'd like to dispute this this charge that I have on the statement.
and then also I actually need help finding an ATM.
OK. I can help you with both of those things.
OK great.
I just have to ask you a few questions. Let's get to the bottom of this dispute first, and then I'll help you find the ATM OK?
OK. Thanks so much.
You're very welcome. I need to ask you your last name and also your date of birth.
Sure. My last name is Johns. That's J O H N S. and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. Thank you so much for providing that information. Also need to ask you your security question. What is your mothers maiden name?
sure that's Murphy.
Thank you. And I need the account number that you're disputing on.
OK. Let me see here. Let me Let me go grab my checkbook. Hold on for one moment for me, Rose.
Sure, take your time.
Thanks.
OK. OK my checking account number is one one two, one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. And I need to know the dollar amount that we're looking at for the relevant transaction.
Oh, right. The transaction was three hundred eleven dollars and eleven cents.
And the date of the transaction on my statement shows it as September fifth.
OK.
And I just want to jot this down here in the notes. You're disputing this because you don't recognize this transaction.
Right, exactly. I don't recognize the amount or the company that's listed.
Venron? I'm not sure what that is. I tried to look on my statement to see if it gave any more information or possibly a telephone number to or to contact the company and I didn't see anything so.
Since I didn't recognize it at all or the or the company, I just figured I'd call you guys to dispute it.
Sure I completely understand. I do have to ask you a few more questions hun before I move this over to the dispute department so that we can start this investigation .
Sure.
is there anyone else that has access to your account that could have possibly made this transaction?
no. No one else has access to my account at all.
And do you have any regular membership fees? Or subscription fees?
I do have a monthly charge with Apple. but it's only for ten dollars. Actually it's nine ninety-nine. And that. It it literally says Apple is the company. So I know when that comes out each time. and it's generally around the fifteenth of the month.
I believe.
All right. So I am just confirming everything. Just wanna make sure I have all the necessary information and I think I do. I do have to put you on a brief hold, Ms. Johns. I apologize, I need to go ahead and submit all this to the dispute department. They may need to speak with you. so bare with me just a few moments and I'll be right back.
Sure no problem. Thank you so much.
All right.
You're welcome.
OK Ms. Johns, I have sent this over to the dispute department. They don't need to speak with you. However, I do need to make sure I have the correct phone number and email on file for you. Because that's how they're gonna contact you once the investigation is complete.
Sure.
Oh OK great.
my telephone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero five eight five. And my email is my first initial and last name. It's K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Thank you so much Ms. Johns. I have sent a confirmation to your account letting you know that this is. The investigation is taking place now. That generally takes about three to five business days and they will be contacting you by email and also by phone. OK?
Oh OK, great.
All right. and then the next thing you needed me to help you with was to find a ATM , correct?
Yes, please. Yeah I need to find one within, I'm hoping, ten to twenty miles from home.
OK hun, I can do that for you. can you please tell me what the street address is I'm looking for?
A location next to, close to?
Sure. Yeah. My home address is forty-nine Holland Lane. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. One nine one zero one.
All right, thank you so much.
Bare with me just a few moments.
Oh OK, thanks.
OK Ms. Johns. I was able to find two locations that are within the vicinity that you needed.
OK.
All right. So we've got one at two three oh one Grays Ferry Avenue the hours there are nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. On Saturday it's nine a.m. to twelve p.m.. And it's closed on Sunday.
And then, the second location is six two one South Forth Avenue. and that location is actually twenty-four hours.
OK.
Oh wow, great.
Also the withdrawal limit on both of those ATMs is five hundred dollars a day.
Oh OK perfect. Thank you so much for your help I really appreciate it.
You're very welcome. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no I think that takes care of everything. Thanks so much again, I appreciate it.
You are very welcome, Ms. Johns. You have a wonderful rest of your day ma'am.
You too hun. Bye bye.
Thank you.
Buh Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Steven. How can I help you today?
yes I need to update my address I've got for my accounts.
All right sir. I can certainly help you get that updated. Can I have your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you sir, and your date of birth?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you, and the last four of your social please.
Eight zero one one.
All right thank you mister Thomas and then as an added security if you could answer this security question for me. What was the name of the street you grew up on?
Magnolia.
Thank you sir. I've got that verified.
Now you were wanting to update or change the address that's on your account is that correct?
just the street address it's the same city.
OK sir. I can certainly do that. I see here your current address is in Canyon Country California, nine one three eight seven. Is that all still correct sir?
That's correct.
All right, and what's the address changing to sir?
Sixty three Pennington Street.
Can you spell that for me sir?
P E N N I N G T O N.
All right I've got that changed to sixty three Pennington Street Canyon Country California, nine one three eight seven. Is that correct?
That's correct.
Should I go ahead and get my checks addresses changed over also?
you can sir. You can go ahead and place an order for checks. since you have an account with us those checks are free of charge. Or you can continue using checks if you have any left over with that old address on them you can continue to use those as it will Show your new address in any system that they're used for.
Will there be a charge for, for new checks?
No sir. The. Because you have a checking account with us we do allow you to order the checks through us free of charge.
And how many checks are in a box?
A box of checks comes with four bundles. And each of those bundles has fifty checks in it sir.
OK.
Sounds good can I go ahead and place that order for the checks now?
Of course sir. I can go ahead and get those issued, and these will have your new address on them and is. Your wanting them sent to that new address. Is that correct?
That's correct.
All right. I'll go ahead and get those sent out and you can expect to see those within three to five business days. they do come just regular post office mail.
OK. Yeah I've had to move to a different apartment, and It's not to far away from my old place but I I guess I I I like it.
Well that's good to hear sir. Its always good to to enjoy your move, brings on some some new things for the for your life.
OK.
All right sir. Is there anything else I can assist you with today.
I sure can't think of anything.
Has the weather been pretty good out there where you're at?
The weather has been fairly decent it it rained quite a bit last week but it's it's It's drying up now and looks like we've got some sun forecast the next few days.
Yeah It's been raining here too. Hope it stops pretty soon.
I definitely understand that.
All right mister Thomas. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't think so.
All right sir. If you will just hang on the line for a moment after we disconnect there will be a brief survey for you to fill out and let us know how we did today and how we can serve you better in the future.
That sounds great.
All right sir. Well you have a wonderful rest of your day.
OK you too.
Thank you Good bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is David. How can I help you?
Yes, David. I have a problem.
What can I do for you?
I have been looking through my statements. They have not been coming out properly and now I'm really mad because it says on one of my statements that I have done HBO plus and I know I haven't and this come out like the last three months and I'm just.
OK. Now, don't worry. We can see if we can find out what's going on.
OK. by the way. I hope you've had a better day than I have because this is just again and again.
Well, oh. Like I said, we'll see what we can do to help you out. first things first. Can I get your name?
My name is Gladys Hoffner.
OK. And is that G L A D Y S?
Yes.
OK.
And. One F or two F in Hoffner?
that would be two F's.
H O F F N E R.
Yes, sir.
OK. Thank you.
And can I get your date of birth?
It is zero seven fourteen.
Seventy-six.
OK.
And
You said you noticed on the bank statement is it on your checking or savings?
That would be my checking account.
OK. do you happen to have the card cuz you said it was online traction transaction.
Yes. It was.
You happen to have the card number for that?
It's just one moment.
I thought I had it with me. Give me one second. Let me go and get it.
OK.
Great! I got it. OK.
that card number is going to be eight four three nine zero zero four two nine four eight three zero zero one zero.
OK. Just a second while I look up your account.
OK and just for verification. Can I get your mother's maiden name?
Sherman.
OK.
All righty.
now, what is the date of the transaction?
It was August third was the first transaction.
OK. Just a second.
OK and the dollar amount on it?
Seventeen ninety-nine.
OK. OK yeah. I do see that transaction here and is is there a reason why you don't.
I don't remember signing up for HBO plus at all. I thought perhaps maybe it was something else and it just continued coming out and coming out. I mean, this is the third month, so I really need this taken off.
OK and is there anyone else that to have access to that card or.
not this card. No, sir.
OK.
Taking a look here.
And you said it's been recurring so let me look. Got. Yeah, this is coming up also in September last month so have you tried contacting them?
I have not been able to get a hold of any of the representatives. I have to look to see if maybe my if I've have any login information that was on the site. There's nothing there. So I really don't know where this is coming from.
OK. Oh well we can definitely try and take care. that taken care of and put the stop on any of the future withdrawals from that provider.
How long do you think it will take for that money to go back into my account?
should be only about two to three business days once we get it stop on that we'll see about refunding the money.
I don't see will there be any other charges on that so we should be able to get that stopped. would you like me to put a hold on the card itself or just these transactions to this provider?
Please go ahead and put a lock on the card and send me a new one just in case. cuz I really don't know where the information was compromised at.
OK. That's not a problem. We'll go ahead and get this card deactivated.
OK and I'll. We'll go ahead and get you a new card. That the new card shall arrive in seven to ten business days. once you get that new card, just make sure you go online if if you use the online banking. You can activate it or you can call the numbers over your number on the card to call to set up the activation on that card.
OK. could you just give me a quick balance on that account please?
OK. Yeah. Looks like you got twelve hundred eighty-three dollars seventy-eight cents right now.
OK.
OK. will I still be able to. I mean, with the card locked, will I still be able to at least make one or two payments online or am I gonna have to go wait until the new card comes in?
if you're using the card number for transactions you may have to set up separate arrangement possibly just having them having it taken directly out of the checking account and you can set that up with your online bill pay, if you use that. and just use the routing number and account number that's on the bottom of your checks.
OK. That sounds great. I really appreciate it cuz this has been driving me nuts.
OK and like I said, you should see the refund back to your account in probably in the next about forty-eight hours. since it's towards the end of the business day today it'll be activated the the refund should be started first thing tomorrow as far as business day and that money should be back into your account by the end of the following day.
OK. That sounds great. I really appreciate it.
OK. Anything else I can help you with?
Not today.
OK and thank you for calling Intellibank and I hope you have a better day.
Thank you and you too. Bye.
Bye.
Good afternoon. It's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hi Cindy I'm a customer. my name is John Meadows.
Hello Mr. Meadows. How can I help you today?
Well, I wanna do a few things. I'd like to number one report it's either lost or stolen. My guess is it's lost, the credit card and I'd also like to close the account associated with that card and I'd also like to transfer the funds from that account to another different bank.
OK great. So let's get started first with your card. You say that you lost it?
Well, I can't find it so it's either either I left it somewhere or I miss. I It's not around. I I haven't used it in a while so I'm not anyhow. I'd like to. I like. I can't find the card so I'd like to close it.
OK sure. Let's get into your account first and let's see what's going on.
can you spell your last name, please?
Yes. It's Meadows. M E A D O W S. John Meadows.
OK, Mr. Meadows and what's your date of birth?
One fifteen nineteen seventy-five.
Thank you and may I have the last four of your social please?
yes I gotta remember the the complete number.
six three five five.
Got it. Thank you and what's your driver's license number?
it's Arizona. A Z one two six eight two nine. the I'm sorry. It it's eight two eight.
let let me say that again. Arizona A Z one two six eight two eight.
OK got it. That's A Z one two six eight two eight.
Yes, ma'am.
Wonderful. Thank you and what is your first pet's name?
was a great cat named Cleo. C L E O.
Wonderful. Thank you. OK we're in the account now. do you happen to have the card number that you lost?
Yes
Let me let me grab my wallet here. Just a just a moment, please.
Sure. Take your time.
Here we go. I don't have the card but I have it written down.
OK.
five one nine three two six nine eight two zero five two one five seven oh.
OK. Let me repeat that. Five one nine three two six nine eight two zero five two one five seven zero.
That's correct.
OK. Let me and you said that you hadn't used it for a while. Is that correct.
Yeah. I probably used it two weeks ago, maybe.
OK. Yes. I can see the activity on the card and it looks as though there has been no new activity for two weeks.
Great.
So I'd like to cancel that card. Cancel that account that is associated with and have you as a matter of fact, what I'd like, if you could give me now. Tell me how much money what are the funds in the checking account that that card is associated with.
yes OK so the balance on that account is two thousand three hundred and fifty-one dollars and seven cents.
OK so the we cancel the card. We take that amount in the checking and now I would like you to transfer those funds to my new account in a new bank.
OK sure. I'll be happy to do that. may I ask your the reason for closing the account?
Well, you know I've been with you now for a while and sometimes my checking funds are under a thousand dollars. It happens to be. I'm over the. I happen to be over now but most of the time it's under a thousand dollars and you charge me fifteen dollars a month for the the use of the checking account which sometimes I don't use them. You know I use it on the credit card.
Mhm.
But I'm already. I'm paying on the credit card as a percentage so I've got another bank. gave me a promotion where there's no charges for the checking account. So I get free checking.
So that's why I am transferring the funds to this new account.
OK great. I understand. Thank you so much for that. Just give me a few moments while I close this account for you.
OK.
Have you been following the Arizona baseball?
no. my husband is a fan of the Diamondbacks but
Yeah I know. Well, this is the last week they're playing and so it and they're playing against the Dodgers who are fighting for first place so it's I mean it's even though the Diamondbacks are not fighting for themselves. They can affect the Dodgers by beating them so I hope they beat the Dodgers.
Well that sounds very exciting. when is the next game?
they're playing tonight.
OK. Well maybe I'll tune in.
so let's see. OK you're account is closed. Let me ask you some information about the new bank where you'd like to transfer the funds what type of deposit account is that? Checking?
Yup.
That's a.
That's a checking.
OK great.
And what's the routing number?
the routing of the new bank is zero zero one two three eight eight nine.
OK. Let's see here.
Let me give that to you one more time.
Sure. Go ahead.
Zero zero one two three eight eight nine.
And that's America First Bank.
That's correct.
OK and what's the account number on that checking account?
Again, it's under my name John Meadows and the account number is one zero zero three two seven eight nine.
OK and you'd like to move all of the money from your old account into the new one.
Yes, Cindy. Yeah.
Let me give you the. Let me just verify the number.
Oh.
Sure.
One zero zero three two seven eight nine.
OK that looks great. All right. Well we'll be able to electronically deposit that into your new bank account. It may take up to forty-eight hours.
The no that'll that will be fine. That's a lot better than me coming down and moving checks around. will you be able to email me the confirmation?
Yes. You'll definitely get an email confirmation on this transaction. We have your email address on file.
J D Meadows at Gmail dot com?
Correct. You should see that momentarily.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Meadows?
Nope. Cindy, I think you have done a great job and thank you for your bearing with me about the baseball and unfortunately I had to move to the other bank cuz they offered me free checking.
I understand. Well, we really appreciate your business and if you ever in the future decide to bank with us again we're happy to have you.
Thank you very much.
Have a great day.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. This is Jake. Thank you for calling Intellibank. may I have your first and last name?
Marsha Stevens.
Mkay. How are you doing today Marsha?
I'm.
Fine today.
can I get your license?
P G one three three seven four eight.
OK. And date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
All right, thank you for that information and just one more for security purpose. What is your favorite animal?
Giraffe.
OK. What type of account are we dealing with today?
Savings.
Savings, OK. And you account number please?
Eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
All right OK. What can I help you with today?
I wanted to know how much I had in my account, my account balance.
OK.
OK we can do that right now. Looking it up. All right it seems like you have five thousand seven hundred and eighty-six dollars. just to give you a heads up we do have a app so you can look this up for yourself. if you have a pen and paper I can give you the name of the app.
OK.
OK and that would be Intellibank app and you can look this up on Google Play Store dot com.
OK.
And whenever you call here you can instantly use our phone automated system and it will also give you the balance. You would just have to have your last four of your social security and your account number and you will be able to hear your account balance from the phone automated system.
OK so I would get a notification on my phone?
No, but we can set that up for you.
OK.
OK and is this the correct number that you want your notifications sent to?
Yes.
OK. And Alrighty it looks like whenever you make a purchase or if you look it up it will send a notification straight directly to your phone.
Oh that's wonderful. And and it will give me all my purchases also?
Yes ma'am.
OK. That's perfect.
is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes. What about setting up another account?
yes we can do that. Would you like this to be a checkings or savings account?
let's do another savings.
OK. Now do you, what name do you want this account to be under, yours?
The same name Marsha Sevens.
The same name.
OK. Everything identical to the last account information?
yes.
OK.
Yes just a different account number.
OK with this we can also give you information with your new account and where you can transfer the money between both accounts on the same app that I gave you earlier.
Right.
So you can do this online at your earliest convenience and whenever you want to. right now here is your account. Is there a email that I can get?
not at this moment.
Not at this moment? OK, well we are going to make sure that we send you something through the mail.
Oh, OK.
And that way you can, you can have your account number and your routing number and you can be able to log that in when you use the app at your earliest convenience.
Oh that's perfect.
OK.
OK you have a nice day. I appreciate your help.
All right you have a lovely day as well.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. My name is Steven. How may I assist you today?
yes. My name is Dan Thomas T H O M A S. And I need to check the balance of my savings account please.
Absolutely Mr. Thomas, I can assist you with that. Can I have your date of birth please?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you sir, and the last four of your social security number.
Eight zero one one.
Thank you, and the for your security, can you verify the answer to this question? What was the name of your first pet.
Rocky R O C K Y.
Thank you Mr. Thomas I've got that information verified, and you were wanting to check the balance of your checking account today. Is that correct?
Yeah that's correct I've got to buy new tires for my car and make sure that I've got enough money to do that with.
Well certainly I can let you know what your balance is It is showing me that your available balance in that checking account as of today is two hundred and ninety-seven dollars and seven cents.
OK. That sounds great.
.
can you tell me if gaining any interest on my checking account please, an and what that interest rate might be if I am?
certainly sir. your checking account does gain an interest of point zero zero zero one percent annually but that only compounds on every dollar over one thousands dollars.
So currently you are not gaining any interest but your account could gain interest on any time there is a balance of over one thousand dollars at the end of the month.
OK. I probably need to transfer some money out of my savings account to my checking where I can buy those tires.
Absolutely I can do that for you. Can I have the last four of the savings account that you would like to transfer from?
Just one second. Let me look it up.
Certainly sir please take your time.
OK. I got it.
All right sir, if you'll just read that number off for me.
Eight four two zero. That's my savings account.
All right thank you sir. I've got that account pulled up here and I see you have a balance there of two thousand six hundred and thirty-seven dollars and eleven cents.
OK. Let's transfer six hundred dollars to my checking account please.
All right sir. Just to confirm you would like to transfer six hundred dollars and zero cents from your savings account in to your checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct.
All right sir I'll go ahead and get that transaction processed for you be aware that it can take up until the close of business day today for those funds to show as available it may take three days three business days for your that transaction to show as completed. But any purchases or transactions made while that is processing, those funds will be available to cover any of those.
OK. That sounds good.
All right sir, is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
I really can't think of anything.
All right Well if you'll just hang on the line for me after we disconnect there is a brief survey that'll allow you to let us know how we did today, and how I can How we can better service your banking needs in the future.
OK. That sounds great.
All right sir, well you have a wonderful day.
OK. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank this is Gale. How may I help?
Hi there, I'm trying to get a balance to my checking account.
I can help you with that, who am I speaking with?
My name is Justin. Kramer.
OK Justin and I just need a little bit more information. Is this the a checking or savings account you want information about?
I think that I'm gonna want both but right now it's a checking account.
OK, and what is your checking account number?
OK you ready?
Yes.
OK it's three five zero two and then then there's a space but then it's six one nine nine and then it's six zero two eight. Did did you get that?
Yes I did. Thank you very much Justin and what is I have to ask a security question here.
OK.
What is the name of your first pet?
That was my dog, it was Charlie.
Great and if you wanna hold on just a second I can get you that balance.
Oh that'd be great. Thanks so much.
Justin?
Oh hi yup.
OK I have that balance for you. Are you ready?
Oh yeah Oh hold on a sec. I'm getting I'm get my pen I'm sorry. OK. Hi I'm ready now.
OK fourteen thousand.
huh
Seven hundred eight dollars.
Oh perfect that that matches it can is it possible to do my credit card, what I owe my credit card too right now or do I have to call back?
No you can do that right now. your credit card is with Intellibank, is that correct?
OK.
yep. Yep. Yep.
OK, great. OK, hold on just a second here. OK what is your credit card number?
OK it's more numbers.
I just need the last four digits.
Oh really? It's six zero four zero.
OK, I have it right here and what is the last three digits in the back?
On the back of the card?
Yes.
let me see. Oh right here where the signature is? it's one one six.
Great, thanks. OK. and I see that the balance here is forty two dollars and sixty cents.
Oh perfect all right that's that's good that didn't yeah that'd be great I appreciate that. You know like if I last time I called I I I've been calling every time I have to check the account balance but it's I just don't like I have to find your number and everything, so I was wondering is is there anyway I can check online?
Yes I can help you with that. Do you already have online banking set up?
OK.
I don't I you know I'm not sure I I don't I don't know.
I.
Are you at a computer right now?
I.
Yeah, I'm I'm at my computer.
OK, great I can if I want you to go to Intellibank I N T I T I L L I B A N K.
OK hold on a sec.
Dot com.
OK and oh it's just the name of the bank. OK I got the all right I'm all right it's loaded I see that.
OK do you see on the right hand corner where there's two options either to sign in or set up account?
Yeah I can I see that on the right yup.
OK click on set up account.
all right Oh OK.
And when that page loads, let me know.
OK I it's mostly oh now it's loaded yup.
OK there's a series of questions that you need to answer. Your name.
OK.
And your bank account number.
Yup.
it will ask you for a password that you'll keep, so when you set up next time you'll need the password and your email address. It will ask you your email address.
OK, and so the password do you give me the password?
No it's you pick it, it's a six digit number that'll you'll have to remember because that's how you'll get in each time.
Oh OK all right I can do that.
OK. OK, and it says checking or savings and and the account number you'll put in that. Once you have that all set up then you will click on set up account and you'll be good to go after that with and next time you'll click sign in you'll give the information it asks for, so any information you put down that like your password you'll need to record that. Do you have any other questions about this?
I
No this is great cause now I'm gonna have to keep bothering you every time we need that balance. No this is great. I really appreciate your help.
Great OK, and if you have do I did I answer all your questions today?
Yes, I think I think you did. If not I could call back, I'm kinda used to that.
OK, again my name is Gale. Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
OK, thank you bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Bailey-Ann, how can I help you today?
yes, my name is Rick Lawson. I need the, I need the location to some good ATM machines, please.
All right Mr. Lawson. Let me look up some information for you . First, I need to get a little bit of background on your location so that I can find the correct ATMs nearby.
OK.
OK. Mr. Lawson, could I get your street address, please?
OK. I have two on, I might have two on file. I got my new address and my old one might be still on file. My new address is thirty-five eleven North South Street.
K, thirty five eleven North South Street?
Yes.
What, that's not the one I have one file, sir. What was the old?
My old one is forty-four oh three Saint Johns Street.
OK, so let me go ahead and correct that for you. You said that first address was thirty-five eleven North South Street?
Yes.
what is that city and state?
Jonesboro, Arkansas.
All right. That's in Jonesboro J O N E S B R O?
Yes.
Arkansas.
mm K.
So, Mr. Lawson, let me look up your information right quick. ATMs near that area. first of all, we have one listed on Peter road. It's six nineteen Peter Road. In Jonesboro, Arkansas.
OK.
That one's about a mile from your location.
OK.
Got that.
And we have another one that is pretty close by you at one point, one point two miles. It's on Margret Ann Drive. It is four oh six Margret Ann Drive.
All right.
OK. And we have another one that is close by as well. It's not actually located with our bank branch. It is with Federal Bank and Trust. It's is on Bethany Lane. It is at one five three Bethany, Bethany Lane. B E T H A N Y. In Jonesboro, Arkansas.
OK. Jonesboro .
And those are the one.
yes sir. Those are the ones we have close by you. We have several more that are about five miles away from your location. Would you want any information about those?
no. I would like to know what's the withdrawal limit?
with our branch, we normally start out with a max withdrawal of five hundred dollars a day. you usually can go online or go to our local branch and set up an change withdrawal limits if you want increase it or decrease it. But it's normally maximum five hundred. I don't know what the withdrawal limit or if there's any issue with a withdrawal limit at the other bank, Federal Bank and Trust that I mentioned.
OK. how about cash deposits?
Yes, the let me look that up right quick and check.
OK.
All right, it looks like the branch, the ATM on Margret Ann Drive, does allow cash deposits. The one that I listed on Peter Road, does not take cash deposits at this time.
OK.
And the one that I looked up on Bethany Lane at Federal Bank and Trust, it does take cash deposits but there is a fee for your deposit since it's not at our bank.
How much is that fee?
The fee is normally about it looks like it's a possibly a fee of three to five dollars.
Three to five dollars?
Yes.
now I got another question. One more quick question.
Yes, sir?
does it matter how much do I deposit? Is there a limit? for my deposit?
well yes sir. It shows that the limit on your deposit is a thousand dollars at this ATM on Margret Ann Drive. I honestly don't see a listing for a deposit limit at Bethany Lane. Normally the deposit limit we have for our account is a thousand dollars. So it make actually take the full deposit for that.
OK.
OK. Thank you.
All right, Mr. Larson. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it.
All right, thank you for your time and patience. Again, my name is Bailey Ann, enjoy the rest of your day.
Yeah, you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
yes, I need to dispute a transaction.
OK. I can absolutely help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
My am Gina Butler.
OK, Ms. Butler. Can you provide me an account number? Or your social security number?
my social security number is nine one three. Two two. Four seven. Six nine. OK. My date of birth, it's November second nineteen eighty one. If you need that as well.
OK. Thank you Ms. Butler. Thank you for that information. It looks like there is also a security question on the account. Can you tell me what the name of your first pet was?
My first dog's name was Gary. he was a wirehaired terrier that I got when I was thirteen.
I also have a wire haired terrier as well, Ms. Butler. They are great dogs.
Yes. Gary was a great dog.
Well, Ms. Butler, that was the correct answer. just so you know, if you want to dispute a transaction, I'm just going to need to ask you a couple of questions. And get some information from you. Can you tell the amount of the transaction you are wanting to dispute?
Yes. It's ninety eight dollars and forty cents.
All right. Thank you. And do you know what date this transaction took place?
Well, on my online banking, it shows that date as September first of twenty twenty one.
All right. I did find that transaction Ms. Butler. Can you tell me why you are disputing this transaction?
Well I've, I've never been to the cafe. It says its a cafe in Florida, but I live in Missouri.
I totally understand that Ms. Butler. I do show the transaction address as being made in Florida. And I do show it that it was made on September first, of this year.
Yes. I haven't been to Florida in like two years. My husband and I, we went for our anniversary in two thousand and nineteen. But I was, definitely not there last week.
All right. Ms. Butler, have you recently lost or misplaced your debit card?
No. I still have my debit card with me.
OK. And have you recently made any online purchases?
Yebye bye, of course. I make online purchases all the time. Every day almost.
OK. It is possible that your account information may have been compromised in some way due to an online purchase. But we will have our fraud team look into that for you. And we'll look into that complaint and try to get to the bottom of it.
OK. Thank you. I'm just really nervous now that someone is sitting there using all of my account information. And going to keep running up charges on my account.
Ms. Butler, I completely understand that. I'm so very sorry that this happened to you. I'm going to initiate that dispute for this transaction. I will escalate this to our fraud department. They will investigate that transaction and try to find out what might have occurred here. Were there any other transactions on account that didn't seem right or that you did not make?
no this was the only one that I saw. I looked through all of them for like the last two weeks, and I didn't see anything else outstanding. But will they release those funds back to me? Or will I have to wait until they've completed their investigation?
The fraud department will release the funds as soon as the claim can be reviewed. This usually is completed in about thirty business days.
OK. So how do I stop it from happening again? Do I need to replace all of my debit cards?
what I can do for you, Ms. Butler, is that I can issue a new debit card for this account. Just to be safe. This'll make sure that if anybody set up anything online, or any kind of accounts that for pay purchases that they've used your information on. This will, this will get your information out of that system, where they'll no longer be valid if they try to make any additional purchases.
Right. That sounds perfect.
OK, Ms. Butler, I just need to confirm your address to have that debit card mailed to. Can you just confirm the address? The billing address that you have here on your account?
It should be two thirteen North Winrow Drive. and that's actually in Maryville, Missouri.
All right Ms. Butler. Can you also confirm that ZIP code for me?
It is six five six seven eight.
All right. Thank you Ms. Butler. I will put this request in to get you a new debit card sent out.
I mean receive, should receive you new card within ten days. Ms. Butler, I do want to again apologize that you're going through this. And let you know that Intellibank is going to do everything we can to have this matter resolved for you. I just want to make sure that there's nothing else that I can do for you today, in order to get this resolved.
I think that is all. I just really want to make sure my information isn't going to be out there. And I'm not going to have this issue again.
I completely understand that, Ms. Butler. Intellibank offers some tips for safe online shopping methods. For your added layer of security. If you want, I can email that information to you. We basically have like a little break down list that will kind of tell you some steps. Just to make sure in the future, when you're making a purchase, that this doesn't happen. Would you like me to email that information to you?
sure. That would be great.
OK. I just want to confirm the address that we have on file for you is Gina, G I N A one B at Yahoo dot com. Is that correct?
Yes. That's correct.
Right. I will get that email to you right away. and if you have any questions regarding that, once you receive that information, you can give us a call here at Intellibank. And we can walk you through it. Was there anything else that I might be able to help you with today?
I don't think so. I just really want to make sure that my account is safe.
I, I can totally understand that Ms. Butler. And, and that's what we're aiming here to do, is just make sure that your account is safe for you moving forward. Ms. Butler, I just want to thank you for choosing Intellibank. Again, if you have any questions in the future, or any questions regarding the fraud complaint that you have made. Regarding this transaction. Please just give us a call back. We are, we are happy to help you at any time.
All right. Thank you.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Gio. Agent ID number four seven, five two. May I start with getting your name and your date of birth, please?
Oh, hello Gio. Yes. My name is Ms. Marsh T. Brady, and my date of birth is November eleventh nineteen ninety. I need to make a withdrawal and check my account balance sir.
OK, ma'am. So you need to make a withdrawal and check your account, correct?
Yes, I would like to know my checking account balance and make a withdrawal because the dang dog done ate my mail again.
OK. One moment while I pull up your account. Just bear with me. My computer is going a little bit slow today. OK. OK. There we go. I have it up now. I just a little bit more information to verify that it's you on the other end. So, I see your account has a security question. Where was it that you and your husband met?
Oh, that's a story and a half for sore eyes. It was a county fair demolition derby. You had to have been there to seen it. He was trying so hard to get my attention. Bless his heart. He almost missed the derby. But that's for another day. Could you tell me my account balance? My older kids are getting home now and I really need to start finish getting snacks ready. You know kids.
Cer~
Certainly, certainly. I just need to get one more verifying piece of information. Do you have your ID or a credit card that's associated with the account?
Yes. My driver's license number is two three nine, one eight seven oh hold on. Just one second. Let me grab my purse real quick. I done forgot.
OK. No problem, ma'am. Just give. I'll be right here. Let me know when you're ready.
OK, give me one second. All right. I got it. Sorry, it took so long. OK. My number is two three nine, five one eight, seven three.
OK. That seems everything to be correct. So, you're calling to get your balance on your checking account, correct?
Yes, I need to make a withdrawal.
OK. So, it seems here that your balance is two hundred and twenty-two thousand and sixty-one cents.
OK, so two hundred and twenty-two thousand and sixty-one cents. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am. So, is there anything else we can help you with today?
I would like to know if the deposit that was made yesterday cleared yet.
Yes, ma'am. It definitely it looks like everything is all set on my end and it should be reporting in and yes. That balance of two thousand two hundred thousand and twenty-two and sixty-one cents is correct that with everything posted. Nothing is pending. So, I see like you were saying about the kids. Would you like to know about our online account access?
Oh, that sounds so great.
Certainly, are you at your computer, or do you have your phone ready?
one second. Let me pull up my laptop.
OK, let me know when you're ready and you have your internet open.
OK, give me one second. The internet slow out here in the .
No problem. I know how it is. Over here in the city though, we have five G. You guys don't have that out there yet?
No, we're a bit slow. We're still on the four G honey.
Four G, I don't even remember what that was all about anymore.
I wish we got everything as fast as you people in the city do.
So, yeah. I'm. It goes way too fast. So, how is your internet? Is it coming up now?
yes. It's pulled up, right now.
OK. So, you need to go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com. Once you're there, let me know.
OK, WWW dot Intellibank dot com. OK.
OK. Now, so on the right-hand side, you'll see a red box and underneath that, you'll see register for a new account.
OK. I see.
OK, click that. Then, with the information we just went over, your ID number and your account number. Put that in there as long as your as well as your email. And then hit register.
OK. I put everything in. Are you sure my data is safe?
Yes, completely safe. We are FDIC insured, so no matter what the federal government, they have your back.
OK. Awesome cuz I worry, you know. I hear about all these things on the news about people's identity being stolen. It just makes me worry.
Oh, you have nothing to worry about. We are fully fully insured and everything is gonna be all set. But if you ever do have any questions or concerns you can always call us here day or night. We're always available here at Intellibank. So, is the registration all done and good?
Yes, sir. I got all my information now and I can view my account.
OK. The only thing you'll have to do is just check your email for the verification to sign up. So, like you were saying, you called to get your balance We went over that. Now is there anything else we can help you with?
no, sir. You certainly have been a . So sweet, honey.
OK, thank you so much, Ms. Brady. Again, my name is Gio. Agent ID four seven, five two and have a nice day.
You too, sir.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. This is Steven. How can I help you?
yes. I was looking at my bank statement and there's a charge on here that I don't quite understand.
All right. I can certainly help you get to the bottom of it. can I have your first and last name please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
Thank you and your date of birth?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Thomas. And, can I have the last four of your social security number?
Eight zero one one.
All right and then I just need you to verify your identity. if you could answer the following question? What was the name of your first pet?
Rocky. R O C K Y.
All right, sir. I've got that verified and I've got your account pulled up. can you tell me which of your accounts is it that you're having an issue with?
It is my checking account.
All right and is that the account ending in six eight two nine?
Yes.
All right. Thank you. Let me pull that up. So, what's the date showing for that transaction?
October first twenty twenty-one.
OK and the amount of the transaction?
Fifty-eight dollars and thirteen cents.
All right. I I do see that charge here. let me drill into the details of that and see what kind of information I can find for you.
it it was a chipped transaction, so it would've taken place in an actual store, not online. And if I can pronounce this right, it looks like it was coming from La Tribera Florists? La La Tribera Florists.
OK. well, let me think. Yeah, yeah that there was a funeral around that time if I remember correctly and I bet my wife ordered some flowers from there for that funeral. I will I will check with her and see if she made that purchase without telling me.
All right. Well, not a problem, Mr. Thomas. I do hope that that is the case. That she was the one who indeed made this purchase.
OK. do you do you you do offer online banking, is that correct?
yes sir. We do offer online banking.
OK. is that something that you could help me get set up today?
certainly. it'll just take a few seconds here while I switch screens. And let's see. Is your email address. Looks like we've got D Thomas at A B C dot com. Is that still your your active email address?
yes it is.
All right and would you like all of the communications regarding your online banking to be sent to that email?
Yes.
Excellent. OK and and then I've got a user name and a temporary password for you. you're gonna wanna write these down for for security.
OK, just one second while I grab something to write with.
Not a problem.
OK, I'm ready.
All right. So your user name is going to be D Thomas T H O M A S zero zero six.
OK.
And your temporary password is going to be capital L capital T seven two capital X five.
OK. I've got that written down.
All right and so now all you need to do is go to the Intellibank dot com home page on your desktop or laptop and in the top right-hand corner of your browser there will be an area for you to log in with those details and it will prompt you to create your own unique password and then it will take you to the online banking portal.
OK, sounds great.
All right, sir. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I don't believe so.
All right. Well if you'll just hold on the line for me, there's gonna be a short survey that comes up and you can let us know how we did today and how we can better service you in the future.
OK.
All right, sir. Well if there's nothing else that I can assist you with, you have a great evening.
All right, you too. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi, my friend's daughter is selling girls' scout cookies so I need a little bit of cash for that.
OK. I'd be happy to help you with that. Are you looking to locate a branch to make a withdraw or are you just wanting to go to an ATM?
I'd prefer to go to an ATM.
Sure. I'd be happy to help you. Let's pull up your account. What is your full name and address, sir?
My name is George Emory, and my address is one five three, Pinecone Circle. It's in Branson, Missouri. And ZIP code is five five three, two four.
Thank you, George. Can you verify your phone number for me?
Sure. It's six one two, two two nine, three nine zero nine.
And your date of birth, and the last four of your social, please?
My date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine. And my social is four four eight one.
Thank you. And then, can you tell me the name of your first pet?
It's Wink.
Wink. Thank you. And then, just verify your account number for me.
my account number is zero zero, one six, three nine two two, one seven.
OK, George. Now do you want an ATM that's close to your Pinecone Circle address or is there a different address?
I'm actually staying in Las Vegas this week, so I'd rather you input eight three four, Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada. And the ZIP code is eight eight nine one two.
Eight three four, Main Street. What was the ZIP once more?
Eight eight, nine one two.
Thank you. Now, George, it looks like I have two Intellibank ATMs near you. There's one at two twenty-eight Laverne Court and another one at four ninety-six Macetesh Street. That is inside of a Super America gas station. And then, we also have a non-Intellibank ATM at seven forty-nine Hope Avenue. That ATM seen as it's not an Intellibank location will be subject to a four dollar non-refundable transaction fee.
Hmm. actually, can I just go to a branch and what are its hours?
Oh, no problem. Let me look up that branch information for you.
also, could you tell me what my balance is at the moment?
Yes, one moment. Lemme gather that information for you.
So your balance is currently three thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight dollars and zero cents. And there are no pending purchases. And the branch location nearest to that address is actually right around the corner next to a Target. The address is one sixty-seven Pittsburg Way. their hours are Monday through Friday, nine a.m. to five p.m.. And Saturday, ten a.m. to two p.m.. They also have the drive-through open Monday through Friday, eight a.m. to six p.m.. And Saturday, nine a.m. to three p.m.. They have an ATM available on sight there as well. And you can you can actually deposit, cash or checks at that ATM twenty-four seven. Does that fulfill your request today?
yeah. I think so.
All right. And George I see here that we need to update your email, you. Have you been receiving emails from us?
no.
Do you know how long it's been that way that you haven't received an email from us?
I did not know until you just told me.
All right. And so I'm showing George Emory, your full name spelled out at Gmail dot com? Is that your email?
actually no. I changed it. could you put G Emory at hotmail dot com please?
One moment.
Sure. No problem.
OK. So G E M O R Y at Gmail dot com?
no, it's at Hotmail dot com.
Hotmail dot com. OK. I have updated that information. There's a transaction ID number that goes along with that update. Would you like to write it down or I can send it to you in an email?
no. I'd like to write it down.
OK. That transaction ID is nine nine, one seven, six two nine.
Nine nine, one seven, six two nine.
You got it, George. Anything else I can help you with today?
No. I think that's about it.
All right. Well you have a great day. Bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. Hello Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards.
And I would like to report a lost card, and update my street address.
Absolutely. Happy to help you with that, Ms. Richards. you stated that you wanted to update your street address?
Correct.
OK. And I'll be happy to help you with that with both of those items.
first of all, just need to verify some information if you would, Ms. Richards. What is your date of birth?
It is eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK. And what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight four, six five nine.
OK. And, for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez?
Mhm.
All
Right. Thank you.
We have you here. And let me ask, the information that you wanted to update, is this your home address? Is that the same as your mailing address, that your wanting to update, or is there a different address?
It's just the home address.
OK. And that's also your mailing address, yes?
Yes it is.
OK. Happy to do that for you. And, Ms. Richards, what is the new address?
OK. It is three six eight eight Layman Court Smyrna, Georgia.
Three zero zero eight zero.
OK. if I heard that correctly, this, Richards, that's three six eight eight Layman Court Smyrna, Georgia, three zero zero eight zero?
Yes, that is correct. And you did need me to spell the name? Layman?
sure.
It is L A Y M A N.
Thank you for that. I actually had that misspelled. You know, sometimes, it can be a little hard hearing sometimes.
Yeah. I can understand. I definitely understand that at my age. You're a young man.
Well, and Ms. Richards, I've gone ahead and put that in the system. And we have that updated for you.
Well, I also would like to update my email address.
Sure! Sure, s~, I'm happy to help you with that. And what did you wanna change your email to?
OK. I just wanna change it to Evelyn mm Richards one at Gmail dot com.
OK. That's Evelyn Richards one at Gmail dot com?
Correct.
OK. I've gone ahead and updated that in the system for you. And of course Ms. Richards, just so that you know, you also can update your information online as well.
OK.
All you have to do, if you are interested, you can just visit our website and enter your account information. Setup, do you have online access?
I sure do.
OK. Terrific. Well if you do have online access you can just go online and you can update your phone number, or email address, or check your account balance right there online.
OK. Is it pretty easy to do?
Very easy to do. Great question.
We wanna make it as simple as possible for you, not rocket science.
Good! Well that's what I need.
Absolutely. Well Ms. Richards, is there, oh and I believe you also said you wanted to report a lost card too. Is that correct?
That is right.
OK. Now, Ms. Richards, what card is it that you wanted to report lost?
OK. It's my Visa card. And the card number is four four seven nine, six five three two, seven four four six, three nine two six.
OK. That's four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six?
That is correct.
OK. I have that account pulled up. And do you recall when you last had the card? Or do you remember when you may have lost it?
Yeah. I noticed I lost it actually last night I was looking for it. And I discovered that I, it, I'd lost it.
No problem. We'll be happy to get that taken care of for you. you do want a new card sent out in its place, Ms. Richards?
I do. I sure would.
OK. I'll go ahead and work on that for you as it relates to canceling out this particular card, and getting a new card sent out to you. do you want that sent, what address did you want the card sent to you?
I'd like for it s~, to be sent to the new address, the three six eight eight Layman Court.
Smyrna, Georgia, three zero zero eight zero.
OK. I've got that down. We'll send a new card out to you to three six eight eight Layman Court Smyrna, Georgia, three zero zero eight zero.
All right. I really would appreciate that. How soon can I look for that?
A great question. because I know time is of the essence. And getting that card in your hands so that you can get out there and get back to living life as you are used to.
Absolutely.
we can get that out to you as quickly as we can. I've gone ahead and processed the cancellation on the card. It'll arrive within seven to ten business days to the home address.
Good! Very good.
And just one other thing Ms. Richards, just so that you know again, you can go online as well, and you can check the communications online, as relates to the status of, of the canceled card, and any tracking number that may be sent will also be online.
OK. Cuz it looks like you can do quite a bit on there.
Yes ma'am. You can. we certainly wanna make it as easy as possible for our customers.
I need that. Mhm.
Also appreciate it.
Well, Ms. Richards, is there anything else we can help you with?
No there's not anything else. I think everything's covered.
Terrific. Well, we again appreciate the time and we appreciate getting this, these matters handled for you. And you have a terrific day.
And you too.
Good morning, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name's Lisa. How may I assist you today?
Hi, I had a few things I wanted to do first I just wanted to check my balance on my checking account.
Alright, I can help you with that. May I have your name and date of birth?
Yes, it's. My name is Daniel Corson. That's C O R S O N and my birthday is January twenty-seventh nineteen seventy.
Great.
Can you verify your phone number and your email please?
Yeah, the phone is four three two eight nine four one nine six six.
And your email address?
Oh, I'm sorry the email is Daniel L Corson C O R S O N at NetAid dot com. That's N E T A I D.
Perfect.
Alright, so you said you'd like to check your balance in your checking account. I just need you to verify that account number for me.
Yes, it's one five seven one two six two seven three oh nine.
OK, it looks like. Looks like I don't see a checking account under that that number. could you read that back to me once more?
I'm sorry hold. Let me get my reading glasses on.
Thanks.
OK, it's one five seven one two six two seven five three oh nine.
There we go. Alright, perfect. Looks like your checking account balance is six thousand and seventy dollars and nineteen cents.
What else can I help you with today?
OK, well I had there was a transaction showing up on my bank statement it's for a place called Style-Depot. And I I've never been to Style Depot and I'm I've never even heard of it and I've never ordered from there.
Do you have the date of that transaction?
Yes, it was October third. It was like last week.
October third.
OK, and what was the amount of that transaction?
It was twenty-seven dollars yeah, twenty-seven even.
OK, have you contacted this business to double check on the charge yet?
Yeah the charge did go through. I just wanted to find out if like if this was like an online place or.
It does look like it's an online charge. And it looks like it's a reoccurring charge. So it may be a subscription to something that you that that either you can check into by reaching reaching Fashion-Depot again. Or it's something that you could actually dispute directly with us if you like.
Well I'd like to dispute the charge. Because like I said I've never of that that site. I didn't even know what it was.
OK, I can go ahead and dispute that.
so what we'll do for now is we will temporarily remove the twenty-seven dollars from your card. We will also place a security block on your card until this is resolved. So that no one else can use your card number. I do need to ask you does anyone else have access to your card and PIN number or have access to use this online or permission?
No, nobody should have that because I live alone.
OK, so you have not given anyone permission. You you are unaware of this business and you haven't done any business with them. So I'm going to go ahead and remove the twenty-seven dollars temporarily from your card. Once the dispute is resolved if it's resolved in your favor. Then obviously we will that will be a permanent removal. and again your card won't be usable until we get it cleared out. So just so you're aware of that. Is that OK?
How long would the dispute take?
It takes seven to ten business days.
OK, that's fine. Cuz if this is a subscription I wanna make sure that I'm not charged again like this next month.
Of course. Of course and that's what I would recommend as well.
So What I'm gonna go ahead and place the temporary hold on your card, remove the twenty-seven dollars from your balance and you will also be receiving a letter from us. as far as giving you information on how to take the steps in the future. And how to follow up on this claim with the claim number. It will not it won't actually be assigned a claim number until it goes to our claims department. So that is taken care of for you. Mr. Corson is there anything else that I can help you with today?
can I go ahead and check the the balance in my savings account?
Of course. It looks like the balance in your savings account is two thousand two hundred and ninety dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK, I guess that'll be it.
Alright, Mr. Corson. Again my name is Lisa. Thank you for your time and have a great day.
Alright, thank you very much Lisa.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Carl. How may I help you?
Hi Carl, this is Tonya. How are you doing?
Very well. How are you doing?
I'm doing well.
How can I assist you today?
well, I received so I moved to town a week ago, and I opened a checking account with you guys.
OK. Well, welcome to town.
Oh, thank you. It's been. It's been very nice. Anyway, I already received on my new address a letter from you guys that there's a problem with my checking account. Can you tell me what's going on?
OK, sure. so, Tonya, what's your last name?
Bishop.
OK. And it's spelled B I S H O P?
Yes.
OK. All right, Tonya. And, what is your address?
I should know that by now. it's two seventy Silver Cloud Road. Heber, Montana, nine zero. No. Nine one zero one one.
All right, so two seventy Silver Cloud Road Heber, Montana, nine one zero one one, correct? All right. And, Tonya, your birthdate?
Yes.
February twentieth nineteen seventy-four.
OK. And, for security purposes, the last four digits of your social security number?
six six zero zero.
Six six zero zero. And, what is the name of your first pet?
Ricky, and the way I spell it is R I C K I.
OK.
I'm sorry. Rocky, R O C K I.
All right. All right, got it. OK, so I see. This, let me see. I'm into your account, and yes, I do see a note here. we still need a government-issued ID to verify your account.
Oh, I never actually ended up going to the bank, OK.
Yes, and you also need
To fund the account. So, you've never stopped by the branch to fund it, or? So, that was just a reminder notice.
OK.
OK, got it. All right, then I will find time to do that.
Yes, please. And is there anything else that we can help you with today?
Actually, since you're on the phone, I thought about it and I'm gonna need to open a savings account too. Can we please do that?
OK.
Yep, we can. All right, so, I'm going to open a basic savings account to go with your basic checking account?
Yes, please.
OK.
Mhm. All right, it'll just take one minute.
No problem. Oh, just out of topic, since winter's coming, do you guys know if you guys do any, like, ski swaps, or things like that?
I believe there is a ski swap coming up in a couple weeks. It's should be. It's usually held at the community center, and there should be a post about it. I'm trying to think where they post that. I'm not a hundred percent sure where they post that. they generally, yes. In the local newspaper or maybe on the local newspaper's website. Or, you know what, you can go on the community center's calendar and there will be a there should be. It should be on their the community center calendar.
Maybe in the local newspaper I guess.
OK.
OK.
All right, sounds good. Thanks.
OK, so I have your savings account set up here. And your savings account number is two nine one two three one five.
Two nine one two three one five?
Yes.
OK.
Three one five. And, We're gonna keep the security questions the same for that.
OK.
there are no fees for the savings account. and there is no minimum balance on it.
OK. All right, well I guess I will just stop by and just take care of all of it.
Yes, so we need a government-issued ID and the funds to deposit for the, both the checking and the savings account.
Because I can't open the mobile online until I completely finish the setup first, correct?
Yes.
OK.
Have.
You you probably haven't been able to activate your debit card, too. Well, if you bring your debit card down, we can activate it right there while. And do everything all at once for you.
I haven't even tried.
I. I have.
To be honest.
OK. Then I'll just do that.
And then, once you have the Once you have. Once you've finished funding the accounts and have giving us the ID or shown us the ID then we Then you will be able to access your accounts online and through our mobile app. And our our online portal is at Intellibank dot com.
How do you spell that?
I N T E L L I B A N K. dot com.
OK.
Com.
And, in the upper right-hand corner, you'll see a login sign. And then at the next page, it'll have a register for you.
OK.
And then you'll use your account numbers and your social security. Your last four of your social security number and your full name and address, and that will and that will start the registration process for the online and the mobile app.
OK.
Online access and mobile app.
Oh.
All right, sorry. I gotta. I. I I gotta go. That was. That was very helpful, so I guess I will see you guys in a little bit.
OK.
All right, sounds good. Have a great day.
OK.
Thank you, bye.
All right.
Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for contacting Intellibank. This is Sherry speaking. How can I help you today?
Hey Sherry. Hopefully you can help me. I need to make a wire transfer to my brother in Florida. I have all of his information for his bank and everything. I just didn't know if I could do it through you guys or if I had to go to like Western Union or something.
We can absolutely help you with that today sir.
Oh and while we're on the phone I need to order a new debit card. Mine is snapped in half.
Sure. We can do that for you as well. Let's go ahead and take care of the wire transfer first and then we'll go ahead and get you a new card out to you. Sound good?
Yep. Sounds great. What are you going to need from me?
Well let's first go ahead and pull up your account can I have your first and last name and your account number?
Yeah sure. It's going to be Jacob Lamp. L A M P. The account number is going to be zero zero one three five nine zero eight five six.
OK. And can I have your birthday?
yeah that is going to be three thirteen two thousand and one.
OK. Thanks. I have your account pulled up. and for security purposes can you please answer your security question for me? what is your mother's maiden name?
That is going to be Heart. H E A R T.
Great. Thank you Mr. Lamp.
Hey so while I have you on my account what's the exact balance in my checking?
OK. Let's see here. Your total in your checking is five thousand one hundred and thirty dollars even.
OK. Thank you. I had to check first to see if I needed to move any money from my savings before we started the wire.
No problem. now I have to let you know that we do charge a five dollar fee for a wire transfers. Is that OK?
Yeah that's that's OK. No problem at all.
OK great. now I'm going to pull up the transfer papers. Ahead of time what I'm going to need from you is going to be your brother's name the name of his bank the address of his bank and his routing and account numbers.
yep I've got all of that. We're going in halves on a boat. So when I go to visit visit we can go fishing. So I got that info from him this morning.
Oh, that's great . Mr. Lamp I'm sure you guys will have a good old time on that boat. OK. I have the wire transfer page up. can I have your brother's first name?
yeah it's going to be Johnny. Last name Lamp as well.
OK. just to be specific could you spell Johnny for me?
Oh, it's going to be J O H N N Y.
OK Thank you. I wasn't sure if it had an H in it or not. now could I have the name of the bank?
Telebank. T E L E bank.
OK I actually haven't heard of that one. and the address for that bank?
Eight oh seven fish lane. Orlando Florida. Nine five three oh three.
You might want to take your boat to the bank when you get there since it is Fish Lane.
I didn't even realize that.
sorry I couldn't help myself. OK. Now I need the routing number.
that is going to be nine five four six five eight one two three.
OK and the account number.
that will be zero eight seven four three two nine seven zero zero.
OK let me just repeat those two numbers back to you. I have nine five four six five eight one two three as the routing number.
Correct.
And zero eight seven four three two nine seven zero zero as the account number. OK and let me go back over this as well. Just to make sure everything's correct. Johnny Lamp. J O H N N Y Lamp Telebank at eight oh seven fish lane. Orlando Florida. Nine five three zero three. Is that all correct?
Correct as well.
Yep.
OK and how much did you need wired to your brother sir?
That is going to be thirty-five hundred dollars.
OK and sir do I have the authority from you to charge your account the five dollar service fee for the wire?
Yes of course.
Great thank you.
OK I'm going to go ahead and send the wire now just give me one moment and I'll give you a confirmation number after it's sent. If you want to grab a pen while I do this. you'll also receive an email with the confirmation as well.
Perfect.
OK. The wire went through are you ready for your confirmation number?
Yep.
It's five nine four six eight zero one two.
Got it.
OK. With that all finished let's go ahead and get you a new card ordered. Can you verify your address for me?
Sure. That's going to be nine oh two Cardin C T. Cincinnati Ohio. Five four three nine two.
OK great. that new card will be on its way and you can expect it within the next seven days. When you receive it go ahead and call the number on the back and then you can set up your own personal PIN. is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Nope that will be are all. Thank you Sherry.
No problem. Pleasure was all mine. Thank you for banking with Intellibank and if you need anything else we're always here. Have a great day!
You as well. Thank you. Have a great day. Bye.
Mhm bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Maddie how can I help you?
Hello Maddie how are you?
I'm good thank you!
it could be better. Could be better.
Oh no! We don't want to hear that.
So all right. So I'm a customer at your bank and actually my business partner is on a. It's kind of like a business trip. We own a sports collectibles business and he went out to this convention in Las Vegas and I gave him X amount of dollars and now he's telling me about all these great buys. And I want to give him more money. I don't know if I'm right or wrong but I want to give him more money to get these hopefully good buys.
Oh wow that's really exciting! OK yeah, let me help you out with this. So let's start out with your first and last name please.
OK my first name is Joseph.
OK.
And the last name is Lemons.
Can you spell that for me please?
J O S.
Mhm.
E P H.
And your last name?
L E M.
Mhm.
O N S.
OK perfect and Mr. Lemons what's your date of birth?
Oh eight.
Mhm.
Oh eight nineteen eighty-six.
OK and your social security please?
OK it is two oh seven six nine nine.
Mhm.
Three four six.
Perfect and just one last question. Your security question. Who was the best man at your wedding?
Oh! I remember that guy. That was Albert.
Awesome. OK so OK so you need to You wanna withdraw money from your account obviously. And you wanna wire transfer this to your partner?
Yes.
I I.
Is that what you're thinking?
Would that be the quickest way to get him cash in hand or?
I
I think so. I think that would be. I would suggest the wire transfer. Do you have an account number to make a deposit to him in?
OK.
Yes. Yeah yeah yeah.
OK you do OK. Well first of all let me just. Can I get the account number that you want the funds withdrawn from?
OK.
If you can.
OK are you ready?
Yes I'm ready.
All right it's zero.
Mhm.
Six seven.
Zero.
OK.
Five eight.
Mhm.
Oh four.
OK perfect OK so you have eight thousand four hundred fifty-seven dollars and twenty-five cents in that account. So.
Oh so he took a little extra!
Oh no!
OK.
Ooh.
OK so how much do you want to withdraw from that to send over to him?
I I wanted to give him another two thousand.
OK perfect. OK so do you authorize me to go ahead and do that right now? And and then also. I guess not. But also I will need the a number. The account number that I'm gonna deposit that in~. We'll do we'll do the wire transfer too.
Do I have a choice?
Correct. Correct.
Yeah.
OK.
whenever you're ready I'll take that number.
All right it's oh eight.
Mhm.
Nine six.
Mhm.
Seven one.
OK.
Three seven five.
OK. OK I'm gonna set this up right now. This should only take a matter of moments. I don't know if you want to let your partner know that? I'm just kidding but OK.
He's probably already got it spent!
OK so let me just
I'm just hoping he's buying material and he's not pulling that you know. The the the the one-handed What do they call those? That the the the. What's the other name for the slot machines? The one-handed bandits. There we are.
Mhm.
Oh yeah!
Oh oh what do you call that?
The
One-armed bandits. The one-armed bandits.
Oh really? I did not know that's what. That's what you call that?
Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh man I haven't gambled in a really long time. I live close to AC and I really need to take a trip up there. OK so All right so I did the wire transfer and so in your account now you have six thousand four hundred fifty-seven dollars and five cents.
OK OK.
OK?
Yeah.
So the wire transfer should take about fifteen minutes.
Oh all right. Perfect it's perfect.
And
Let me ask you. So let me Do you have online banking?
I do not.
OK. Is it something you might be interested in or ?
Would. Do you think it would help me in situations like this in the future? Cuz he's the one that does the traveling. I stay at home cuz I have a family and he doesn't.
To your
Mhm.
I I definitely think
The online banking always helps.
OK.
In many many ways. what I can do is if you confirm your email address I can just send over. I can send you over a link with all the information about that and you can look at it yourself and make an assessment. And it's really easy to. If you do decide to do that it prompts you. And it's very very simple. It's not anything complicated so what is your email?
OK.
It's big Joe.
Mhm.
Lemons.
Mhm.
at Gmail dot com.
OK. OK perfect so I just sent that over to you and so the wire transfer will go through momentarily. And is there anything else I can interest you in? Do you need to order checks? Do you want to know about our travelers' card? Our gold card?
No I think we're we're good for now. If I I try not like I I handle the money and the business end and I try not to give him too much access to the money because you know. Like like I said he's in Vegas and.
OK.
OK. And in any event.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mm.
We all know what could happen in Vegas.
Yes what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right?
And I'm just hoping my money doesn't stay in Vegas.
Right. I completely understand that. And like if you ever need. Just to let you know. for the future or if you ever wanna think about this. We do give business loans. We we have small business loans.
I'll, let's keep that between us.
If you're ever interested.
OK.
And not tell him.
Not.
Yes OK. Well if you ever are interested in that we do have that option. At this. At Intellibank so just to let you know. But is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes.
OK.
I think that's it for right now.
OK perfect Mr. Lemons thank you so much and I hope you have an amazing night.
Thank you.
You too. Take care.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley. How can I help you today?
Hi. Yes. I need to dispute a transaction please.
Oh well, well I'll definitely be happy to help you with that. Just give me one moment to pull up my systems here please.
Thank you so much.
How has your day been? I hope it's going a little better than mine.
it's actually going really great. we had a team meeting this morning, and they provided free donuts. So you know that's always a fun thing to have, great way to start your day. So it's been a pretty good day, it's friday so weekends coming up and you know it's just been good. How about yours?
All I can say is thank God it's Friday, and I wish I was with you and those donuts
They were Krispy Kreme to, so you know they're good.
See now you're gonna have to make now you're making me have to take a special trip after work.
Aww I'm sorry.
It'll be worth it.
Right. Exactly.
All right so, let's go ahead and get you authenticated so I can process your request here. what is your first and last name?
Hailey Parker .
Thank you and what is your phone number please?
OK. On that one I'm not exactly sure which one you have on file.
the first number is three one five four four four two two three seven. And if that's not it then it's the three one five four four four seven six five two.
OK. We actually have the one ending in two two three seven. Is that still a good number?
Yes ma'am.
OK. Perfect, and your date of birth please?
Four fifteen eighty-nine.
Thank you. And your full sixteen digit credit card number? Please.
All righty. That one is, five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Perfect, and for your security question what was your first pet?
Jenkins.
Perfect. All right and while I pull this information up here, which transaction will you be disputing today?
There is an amazon purchase for a hundred and fifty dollars from October thirteenth that I absolutely did not do.
I don't even have an amazon account.
Oh wow. I'm sorry to hear about that. is there anyone authorized on your account that could have made the purchase?
No ma'am.
OK. All right so I do see it's an amazon dot com purchase. that doesn't seem familiar to you at all?
No ma'am not at all.
OK. And did it say anything about a regular membership or a subscription fee?
No ma'am.
OK. And have you contacted the business about this transaction?
Yes, and of course their answer always is to contact the bank.
That is usually true. All right so I'll definitely be happy to dispute this charge right away then. just to confirm we are disputing the Amazon purchase for one hundred and fifty dollars on October thirteenth. Correct?
Yes.
OK. All right so this request is going to go to our fraud investigations team. they'll investigate it fully and if found to be a fraudulent charge we will credit this transaction back to your bank account you should hear from us when our investigation is concluded within five to seven business days. Sometimes it's done before and with Amazon since it's such a huge company and they're on you know they're on the ball it's usually done before that but five to seven days would be the max. so I'll go ahead I've submitted this right away, you should be hearing something, you'll get an email verification regards to this transaction dispute. is there anything else that I can assist you with?
While I have you I'd like to do a wire transfer please.
OK. Sure I'll definitely be happy to help you with that. what type of bank account will you be transferring from?
Oh. Checking.
OK, and the bank account number for that checking account? Please.
It is, two one one seven six five eight.
Perfect. OK. So that account has a balance of six thousand eight hundred and ninety-five dollars. how much are you looking to transfer today?
Two thousand five hundred.
OK, and is this into a domestic or international account?
Domestic.
OK. what is the routing number for the account we're gonna be sending this to?
This one is four three six two five seven zero one two.
Thank you, and the account number?
Two two three four five seven eight eight nine zero one two.
Thank you. Just to recap all the information. So we are making a wire transfer from your checking account with the account number two one one seven six five eight. the amount of twenty-five hundred dollars to the domestic account routing number four three six two five seven zero one two. Account number two two three four five seven eight eight nine zero one two. Does all that sound correct to you?
It does. really quick before we process that are there any transfer fees?
I'm glad you asked I'll be happy to go over that with you. so for domestic wires transfers our company does provide three courtesy waivers of the domestic transfer fee, and international transfers are always fifteen dollars. after the three waivers of the domestic transfers, it is a five dollar fee there after. OK?
All righty.
All right and do I have, do I have your permission to go ahead and submit this transfer?
Yes, please.
Perfect. OK. So this will transfer and process immediately the receiving party should receive the funds within a few minutes. would you like any further information about online banking in order to check the balance or do wire transfers more conveniently yourself in the future?
no thank you. Not right now.
OK. All right well thank you very much for calling in today Ms. Parker, and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too. I will after Krispy Kreme.
Sounds good. Have a good day. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
All right.
Hi thank you so much for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Oh hey. I'm Shirleen and I like to open a different a different account.
sure. You say you would like to make a transfer to a different account?
Yes I like to make a transfer to a different account. I think having just one account to pay all the bills is somehow is is somehow too much because sometimes I feel like I forget I forget some details or I overpay so I like to break down the accounts to see how many bills I'm paying and where where exactly the the money's going to.
All right, no problem. I completely understand and I can definitely help you out with that. first can I get get your name and date of birth?
That's OK.
OK. My name is Shirleen Peterson and my date of birth is twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
All right, Shirleen. Thank you so much for that information. I'm also going to ask you for your credit card number.
OK search for it. Give me just give me a minute.
Sure.
OK. I have it here now.
OK great.
And the number is four nine two nine three eight one three two seven five five two two two four.
All right thank you so much for that. So what is the amount of the transfer that you would like to complete?
five hundred dollars.
All right five hundred dollars. And can you tell me the account number that you will like to withdraw it from?
OK. The account I'd like to withdraw it from is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right. Thank you so much for that. And to confirm, that is from your checking account, correct?
Yes that's from my checking account.
All right.
And now could you please tell me the account number that you will like to transfer the five hundred dollars to? So this would be the account number that it will be deposited into.
OK. The account number is one three five four three three eight seven seven five. Oh. Oh sorry. Can can I do that again I I guess I mistake I mistook some numbers.
Yes of course. No problem.
OK. My number is OK. One three seven five five four three three eight six.
All right. Thank you so much for that. I have that now on my records.
OK.
So I am transferring the amount now and to confirm, it is five hundred dollars, correct?
Yeah it's five hundred dollars.
All right so that will be taken from your current balance of two thousand so at the end of the transfer you should have fifteen hundred in your account left.
Mhm.
And I have just completed the transfer.
so does that mean I can immediately use the money in that has been transferred into the other account?
so it does take about one to two business days to complete the transfer since it is five hundred dollars. So within one to two business days you'll be able to use it.
Oh so the higher the amount the more time it takes to reflect.
Yeah, so if you look at the account now, it will just say that it's pending. But after the one to two days you should see it be completed.
Oh OK. And that you've said it'll to take one to two days right?
Correct, yes.
Oh OK. So it should I should label to use it use the amount after two days so for now I can just use the current account?
Yeah so after the two days you'll be able to use the five hundred dollars.
Oh, OK. I get you now.
Yes of course. And is there anything else that I could help you with today?
I think that's all for today.
All right no problem. Take care. Thank you for calling.
And thank you for your time.
Good afternoon, welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing really good Kim, thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty well. I am trying to find a branch near me I was trying to look online and for some reason I'm getting zero service on my cell phone as far as the internet searches. So I figured I'd call you and see if I could get some help from you
OK sure, I can definitely help you with that.
I just need to know the street address, city and state that you are looking for a branch.
sure I am I'm actually not too far from home, but I just moved here not long ago and I don't actually remember where all the, where all the branches are .
my address is forty-nine, Holland Drive.
Mhm
And that's Philadelphia Pennsylvania, one nine one two seven.
OK.
Bear with me one second.
Sure, no problem.
I apologize, it's taking a little bit to bring anything up for some reason.
Oh, that's OK.
It's probably retrograde, has everything moving crazy.
Oh my goodness, yes it does. It's so interesting to to hear someone actually know about retrograde.
Yeah it's, you know. I definitely, you can the difference when, when we are when we are in retrograde.
When retrograde is.
Upon us.
Yeah.
You're absolutely right about that. It is a struggle in all situations it seems. It's so frustrating
Yes.
all right, let's see here.
OK, I've got a couple that I can read for you.
OK
So I've got seven three three Santa Fe Drive.
That seems to be pretty close to you. And then I have another one at two eight one zero Quebec Street.
OK.
Two eight one zero, OK.
All right, and would you like me to find anymore for you?
no, that's OK. while I have you, do you mind checking my account balance for me please?
Sure I can definitely do that for you. Bear with me just a moment, let me change my screen here.
OK, thanks so much for your help I appreciate it.
You're very welcome, no worries at all. All right, so I know you said your first name is Kim and what is your last name, Kim?
my last name is Johns, it's J O H N S.
All right, thank you so much. And what is your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seven.
OK, and I just have to ask you your security question. What street did you grow up on?
at Broadway.
OK, thank you. And I need your phone number and also your email address.
OK, my phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five.
And my email address is, K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Thank you.
And your account number?
my account number is, one one two one zero zero zero five nine four. Oh wait, I'm sorry it's zero five nine five. I don't know why I said four.
So it's one one two one zero zero zero five nine five. and also my mailing address if you need that is nine, Holland Drive Philadelphia Pennsylvania, one nine one two seven. I think I did tell you that earlier in the call but just in case you need that.
Yes.
OK, thank you. I did need that
and it looks like your account balance is three thousand and eleven dollars, and twenty-two cents.
OK, great.
All right.
And was there anything else that I could help you with today Miss Johns?
Nope that's everything, thank you so much.
You are very welcome, thank you so much for calling. We hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too, bye bye.
Thank you, bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sherry. How can I help you?
Hi Sherry. I seem to have lost my debit card over the weekend. I need to cancel it and order another new one and see if there's any transactions on it.
Sure sir . Let's go ahead and get this started for you. Can I have your first and last name?
It's going to be Jacob Lamp.
OK. And your birthday?
Three thirteen two thousand and one.
And do you have your account number?
Yes. It's gonna be zero zero one three five nine oh eight five six.
Thank you. And can you verify the last four digits of your social for me?
Eight eight two zero.
Great, thank you. now for security reasons, can I have the name of your high school?
Belmont High.
Great. OK. And do you remember where the last place you used your card at? And the possible date you lost it? That way I can check to see it it's been used.
A seafood restaurant was the last place I used it and that was Saturday. So ten nine twenty-one.
OK. So I'm looking here, I see a charge for a hundred and twenty-three dollars and sixty-nine cents to Cap's On The Water on Saturday. Is that where you were?
Yep. That's it.
Well thankfully there has been no extra charges after that. did you by chance call the restaurant?
Yeah they hadn't seen it. I probably dropped it in the parking lot. Is there going to be a charge to order a new card though?
No sir, we'll order one for free for you.
OK. Have you eaten there?
No, I haven't. Was it nice?
Yeah, the food is great and the view is great as well. But personally the staff was a little rude.
I'll have to keep that in mind. Thanks for the info. So I'm going to go ahead and cancel that card for you and order you a new one. can you verify your address for me?
Yeah of course. It's gonna be nine oh two Cardon Court Cincinnati Ohio five four three nine two.
OK great. well I'm so sorry that you lost your debit card, I know it can be frustrating but we'll get this new one out to you. it should arrive within seven days. If you do not receive it, please call us back on day eight so we can expedite you a new another one. when it gets there alls you have to do is just call the number on it and set up your PIN and you'll be ready to go.
OK. So is there an easier way of doing this instead of calling in?
Yes sir. if you download our mobile banking app you can do it right from your phone. you may even pause the card, say if you left it somewhere and you wanted to pause it until you retrieved it and then when you got the card back you can just turn the card back on.
I'm not sure if I'll know how to do that.
there's actually a video on our app that shows you everything in detail.
OK that makes sense. It's easier. Thanks. What's the app called I need to download?
It's Intellibank mobile banking. once you type that into the search bar you'll see the app pop up it's the one with the large yellow I.
Thanks, sounds easy to find. I'll go ahead and download that and get my new card.
if you have any questions please don't hesitate to call back. is there anything else that I can help you today with Mister Lamp?
Nope, that's gonna be all. Thank you.
Of course. Well thank you for banking with Intellibank, and have a great day.
You too. Bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, my name is Cassidy. How can I help you today?
I love your bank. I've heard so many good things. I want to support you all and maybe do some business. How long does it take?
it should take no time at all. all I need is some information and the time it takes for you to provide it should be all that we need. How does that sound?
Oh. Incredible. Let's get started.
May I ask what time of banking product you're interested in?
Any of them. All of them.
Oh. That's wonderful. may I suggest we open a checking account to get started? Does that sound OK?
Yes. I like the sound of that.
Great. What's your full name and date of birth?
OK. So my name is Doris. D O R I S. And my last name is Terwilliger. That's T E R W I L L I G E R.
I was born four five eighty-two.
OK. Let me just look that up. Perfect so Doris this is spelled D O R I S T E R W I L L I G E R. And you mentioned your date of birth is four five eighty-two. Is that correct Ms. Doris?
That's correct.
Perfect. So Doris what I need next is your social security number.
I just threw up.
I have the common cold. I'm sorry if I sound sick.
That's not a problem at all Ms. Terwilliger.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I hope you feel better. And just gonna need that social whenever you're ready. Feel free to hold for a moment when you feel better.
yeah OK. Just take a sip of water here.
All right. Yep. My social it's gonna be one one two five three nine two four three.
All right, perfect. I'm gonna repeat that back to you just so we confirm that the information I have is correct. to open up this Intellibank checking account. I have Ms. Doris Terwilliger, born four five eighty-two. And her social is one one two dash five three dash nine two four three.
Yes. So let's go ahead and set up a security question for you. there are quite a few different questions we could ask you. You know, Ms. Terwilliger, this is just to verify your identity. And we do this just to make sure that everything to do with the banking products are secure and safe. there are Well the first three I'll go over. one is the name of your first pet the second would be your mothers maiden name. another suggestion I might be able to make would be a street that you grew up on. which one of those suggestions sounds good to you as far as setting up this security question goes?
yeah. It's gotta be something that I'll remember. I. You know what I don't often remember my first pets name. I was really young. So I I always. There's like two different pets that I could pick. So, no, I can't do that one. Mom's maiden name? No. She was adopted so she she finally knows her true birth father now but I I don't know if I should use her old maiden name or her her her her real maiden name. it's too confusing. I'll just go with the street I grew up on.
That's gonna be Kanner.
Yep yep. That's it. Kanner. Put that down.
So is is my account ready yet?
OK. And can you spell that for me?
Kanner? Yeah it's gonna be K A N N E R.
Alrighty. So perfect. So I have the Intellibank checking account open. And I have your security question down as the street you grew up on as Kanner?
And that is all put down. just need a moment to finalize all the information. Yep, OK. We are all done. is there any other issues that you need me to help you with today, Ms. Terwilliger?
do you know if I'm gonna be getting any checks with this checking account? Or is everything really online these days?
yeah you can check all of that information online.
OK sounds good.
All right, wonderful. Thanks, goodbye.
Welcome to Intellibank. My name is Lisa. How may I help you?
Yes, I need to change some information on my account.
OK, you need to update something on your account?
Yes, I do.
We can do that for you. Can you give me your first and last name please?
Sure, S U N N I Bean, B E A N and my birthdate is six thirty eighty-one.
OK, just a second. Let me pull your account up here.
Could you repeat your birthday one more time?
Sure, six thirty eighty-one.
Thank you.
And what's your address, please?
Eighteen thirty-five Rice Boulevard Fairborn, Ohio, four five three two four.
Alright and your phone number?
Nine three seven four six three three three eight zero.
OK and the last thing I need is your email address.
Is Sunni S U N N I A K N K I E at Gmail dot com.
OK, and I'm sorry I didn't get your account number so could you provide that please?
Sure, it's eight five two zero zero one eight.
OK, give me just a moment to pull all of that up here.
Thank you.
Go on get faster.
All right, and do you know what information you would like me to update today?
Yes, I need to change my email address.
OK, let me get back into that part here. All right, and you would like to change it from Sunnihankie at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
OK, go ahead with the new address.
It's S U N N I B E A N at Gmail dot com.
OK. Alright.
Alright, I got that updated for you what else can I help you with today?
I need to know, is there any other way I can update my email address?
Besides calling the help line?
Yeah.
Yes, there's a couple different ways. So, the first way would be to go into the branch and ask a branch teller to update that.
OK.
And if you didn't want to go in to the branch you could sign up for online banking and online banking will allow you to update your profile from the website. Do you have that?
Set up?
No, I don't.
OK, are you interested in doing that?
Yes, I am. Can you tell me the address and everything I need?
So, you would go to W W W dot Intellibank dot com and you will see an option for online banking right at the top of the page.
OK.
So when you click that link there will be an option to sign up.
OK.
And you'll need something like your name, your address, definitely your account number and your email address to verify who you are.
OK.
And you'll enter all that information and then we will ask you to to make a username and a password for online banking.
OK.
And then after that you should be able to log in and see all your information. Your account history, your transactions your address and email address can be updated at that point.
OK.
How's that sound?
That sounds good.
Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yeah, can you tell me my checking and savings account balances?
Sure. So, you gave me your checking account number and the balance on that is three hundred and thirty-five dollars and twenty cents.
OK.
If you need your savings account balance I will need you to give me that number.
OK, it is five nine four zero zero two nine.
OK, just a minute and let me pull that up for you.
Thank you.
I'm trying to think of another question.
Put me on for a message or I have another call .
OK.
Can you hold on a second? I have another call I need to answer real quick.
Sure, go ahead while I pull up your account.
Thank you. I'll be just a minute.
.
Are you still there?
Oh yes, I'm here. Are you are you ready for your balance?
OK. I'm.
Yes, I am.
OK, so you have six hundred and fifty dollars and thirty cents in that account.
OK, can I transfer some money while I have ya on the phone?
Sure.
Which way would you like to transfer.
Transfer two hundred from savings to checking.
OK, just a moment while I do that for you.
Thank you.
Just to verify, you want it come out of your savings and put into your checking?
Yes.
OK.
OK, that's been done for you.
And what's the updated amount on my checking?
Five hundred and thirty-five dollars and twenty cents.
OK.
Does that sound right?
Yes, that sounds good.
OK.
And would I be able to move money on the online banking when I am there?
Yes, you can make transfers back and forth. As often as you need to.
OK.
And if you have an external account that you would link from another bank, you can also make transfers to that account.
OK.
And I think that's about it.
OK well, have I served all your questions well today?
Yes, you have.
Alright well, thank you for calling Sunni. You have a good day.
You too.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I am doing fabulous. How are you?
I'm doing great. Been outside all day enjoying this beautiful fall weather.
Hopefully you didn't have to work all day.
I have.
Oh, no.
That's why I'm doing so fabulously.
Just kidding. My my workday is almost over so that's the fabulous.
Oh, well that's good. Thank goodness.
Yes. And also it is absolutely gorgeous outside. I mean it's night time now but it has been so beautiful today. It was only seventy and it's been a real welcome after a scorching summer.
Finally, fall is upon us and I am ready to embrace it with open arms.
Yes, I love the fall. Ugh, that's my favorite time of year. Well that's awesome.
Yes, ma'am.
well I need your help today please, Rose. I need to make a wire transfer to my friend's account please.
Sure. I can certainly help you with that. Do you have their account information as well?
yes, I do.
All right. So you're gonna make a transfer to your friend's account?
Right. From my my checking.
From your checking? OK.
All right.
So I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your checking account.
Sure.
All right. So I know that you said your first name is Kim. That's just Kim, not Kimberly?
yes, just Kim.
All right and your last name, hon?
Is Johns. Thats' J O H N S.
Thank you. And your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. And your security question. What street did you grow up on?
Broadway.
Thank you.
And the account number. Your checking account number.
my account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five. Sorry, I was having a moment there. I was like now I know I know this off the top of my head.
Oh, it's no worries.
and what is your street address?
my street address is well I am not sure if you all have. I moved about three weeks age so I think I updated it with you guys.
my current address is forty-nine Holland Drive.
And that's Philadelphia, PA one nine one zero one.
my previous address is three twenty-one Greenleaf Road. Still in Philadelphia PA but the ZIP was one nine one two seven.
OK. Awesome.
I think it's the second one. Let me. Hold on. I'm sorry. My screen just went black.
That's OK.
Yes, the second one is the one that we have.
Yes.
Yeah, if we can update that while I have you if that would be OK to my my new address.
Certainly, I can take care of that for you. Bear with me just one moment while I update it for you.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
All right. I've got that updated for you.
And now I need to know the dollar amount that we will be transferring.
I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars even please.
OK, five hundred even. And is this a domestic or international transaction.
It is domestic. it's through. my friend has an account through Chase bank so it's just to their checking account.
All right.
I will need that deposit number. I mean the, sorry, the deposit routing number and also the bank account number please.
sure. The routing number is zero five five zero nine five five seven five. And the account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
All right.
Thank you so much. And I am initiating this transaction right now.
bear with me just a few moments while I go ahead and put that through.
Oh, OK. Thank you.
You're welcome.
OK. I am sending you confirmation that this transaction has taken place.
I do see that it has been received to the friend that you were sending it to.
I did want to advise you of your balance in your account.
It is now five thousand five hundred dollars even with no change.
OK. Great.
And I just sent you a email letting you know it's a receipt for the transaction.
The wire transfer. I'm sorry.
OK. Thank you.
No, that's OK. I did see the information. Or excuse me, the email notification come across the top of my phone.
while I have you, I'd also like to close my savings account.
OK.
I am going to have to use that money and I will have less than the minimum balance. and I don't wanna be charged. So until I can kinda build that money back up again I I wanna close the savings account and put the balance into my checking as well.
You got it. All right. Can you provide me with your savings account number please?
Sure. It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you. It looks like you have sixty-two dollars and seventy cents in this account.
And I'll go ahead and transfer that over to your checking right now.
OK. Perfect. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
And while I'm transferring I know you just said the reason for your closure but I just wanna confirm it.
You're just closing this account because it will be less than the than the necessary balance?
Right, exactly. The less than the minimum balance so I don't want to be charged the fees for having less than the.
OK.
Right.
OK.
Yeah.
All right. OK. I have put that deposit into your account now. and I'm gonna go ahead and close out your savings account.
And I am sending you a confirmation of that closure. Getting a lot of emails from me today.
OK. I have the email. Thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You are so very welcome. And is there anything else that I can help you with today?
no. That's everything. Thanks again.
All right. You are very welcome, Kim.
Thank you for being a part of our Intellibank family. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your evening.
Thanks. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How can I help you?
Hi Daisy could you tell me where the nearest branch is to me and could you also give me the their.
Hours?
The nearest branch and their hours? Certainly sir I'd be happy to help you with that. What is your current address?
I'm currently at my sister's house at seven sixteen Jupiter Way. That's in Branson Missouri and the the ZIP code is five five three two four.
All right one moment while I look that up for you. Looks like the closest branch to you is about a half a mile away. It's at one six seven Pittsburgh Way. And the hours the the lobby is open Monday through Friday. Nine a.m. to five p.m.. And Saturday ten a.m. to two p.m.. And the drive thru is Monday through Friday eight a.m. to six p.m., Saturday nine a.m. to three p.m.. It also has an ATM available in the main entrance it's open twenty-four seven and accepts checks and or cash deposits.
OK actually can you and I do a wire transfer from my account to my sister's checking account? just here on the phone.
do you and your sister both have accounts with Intellibank?
Yeah.
I sure can. I'll be happy to help you with that. Let's pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
My name is George Emory and I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson Missouri and the ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you. Your phone number?
It's six one two two two nine three nine zero nine.
Thank you. What is your date of birth?
It's September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
All right George, and what was your mother's maiden name?
Smith.
Smith. Great. just verify for me your checking account number.
It's zero zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Thank you. And you said you wanted to move funds from your checking account to your sister's checking or savings?
checking.
Checking account. All right. And what is her checking account number please?
could you give me one second while I go ask her that?
Sure. No problem, take your time.
OK Daisy, she's actually busy at work and doesn't have it on her. Could I do this without that number?
I'm so sorry George. In order to to a transfer from account to account I actually need all of that information. do you wanna maybe give us a call back later when you've got it?
Well, is this something that I can do myself online?
You absolutely can do wire transfers online. You could set it up as a one time thing or recurring. Have you ever used our website before?
I tried to log into it but it didn't give me access.
Yeah if you've never logged in before you do have to set up your credentials. Let me pull up that information for ya. All right so, if it's your first time using Intellibank's online banking, click the first time users enroll here link. Read and accept the online banking disclosures. And then do your account number, your social, your date of birth and then create a password. Once you're all logged in, you'll be prompted to choose and answer five security questions and you'll also be asked to enroll in the one time security code feature. Does this make sense?
Yeah that makes sense.
I don't know if you're aware George but you could also set up bill pay at our website. You can view your balance or your monthly statements. You just have to click on the statements link within the account details screen. And there you'll be able to view all that information and even print out your monthly statements.
OK that sounds great.
Great and so I'm so sorry we weren't able to complete that wire transfer for you today. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no. Nah I think that's it.
All right well thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
You too, thanks.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yes I got a letter from you guys saying that I had a pent over tee fee due for paying my credit card late.
OK, I can help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
OK and do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter you can call me Jill.
OK Jill can you tell me your account number?
Yeah it's three, four, six, zero, two, nine, nine, eight. And my social is eight, seven, five, zero, nine four, six, seven, nine. And then the last four of my debit card that's seven, six, five four.
OK, thank you. I'm just gonna need your account number for now. Can I also get your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
OK, and your account has a security question. Can you tell me the city you were born in?
Yes, I was born in Gledstone.
OK. So it looks like you received a letter regarding a penalty for a late credit card payment, am I understanding that correctly?
Yep, but I've never payed anything late so I don't really understand what they're saying.
OK. Let me look at your account here for you. See what I can see and what's going on.
OK. So it looks like we've never received your September payment for your credit card and that is why there was a penalty charged.
what do you mean that you've never received my payment. I mean I have it set up on an automatic draft, so it automatically comes out of my checking every month.
OK. So I can see where you have it set up for a draft and they they attempted to draft that on October third but it says the funds were not available for them to do so.
So the payment of ninety six dollars is due and then they've accrued a penalty of fifteen dollars and fifty cents for it being late.
I don't understand why there wouldn't have been enough money in there though to cover it . I mean can you tell me what my checking account balance is, like none of that makes sense to me.
OK. So right now it looks like your current balance in your checking account is actually negative dollar negative four dollars and fifty-five cents.
It's negative, what?
I don't understand what's going on!
OK Jill. So it looks like you've had a debit payment go through in the amount of twelve hundred dollars on October first to si senor dance studio and that is what dropped the account into the negative. so right now there's a four dollar and fifty five cent negative balance in there.
Oh my gosh. So that's my daughters dance and I totally forgot that that payment would process on the first. OK. I I have the cash for that can I go deposit that so I can make it right and then you guys draft the payment again or something?
Yeah, you can do that you want me to maybe help you find a bank location to help you deposit that or do you know where you're gonna go?
No, can you help me find one please?
Yeah, so are you wanting a location that's close to your home or another address?
If I can find one close to my home that'd be great.
OK, give me just a second OK. Let me get a give me a second to try to find that for you all right?
Yes, I can't believe I did that. Do you have any children?
I do, I also have a little girl.
Is she into dance?
No, she's to little for that right now but maybe one day we'll decide for her to do that.
Well if you do it's super expensive so maybe have her choose something a little bit cheaper you know like I don't even know what's cheaper these days but my daughters seven and I've spent about eight grand a year on her dance and everything that goes with it and she didn't love it so much I take her right out of it. I forget they always post the payment at different times every month so it's really hard to keep track of and I'm sorry about that.
Yeah, that's a very pricey, that's a very pricey sport for a child. Jill that's fine, you know like you don't need to apologize, mistakes happen. I did find an address for you and it looks like the bank at location is not quite two miles away. And right now it is open until five p.m. . if that seems like it might be a good locations for you let me know when you're ready and I can give you that address.
Yes, I'm ready.
OK. The address is eight nine zero Borno, B, O, R, N, O Road in Kansas City.
And you said it's two miles away?
Yes, that's correct. It's not quite two miles away.
Do you know do they have a drive-thru?
Yeah, let me look real quick here for you.
Yeah, so this location does have a drive-thru and they also have a virtual teller available from five p.m. to seven p.m.. So the lobby hours are until five p.m.. and then they have that virtual teller option from five p.m. to seven p.m. at that bank location Monday through Friday. And let me see one more thing here for you. And what I'm going to do too is I'm going to try to waive that that penalty for you. So I'm going to put some notes in here that once you're able to get in there and make that that deposit and get that that credit card payment satisfied we're gonna go ahead and waive that that penalty fee that you got from Intellibank for the late payment here as a one time courtesy for the mistake that was made, OK? we understand that that mistakes happen and we're you know we're gonna try to work with you on this one and give you cut you a little break here. So let me add some notes for that so that they know when you come in. OK. So I've got those notes in there so they should be aware of that whenever you come in to make your deposit and to make your payment. Was there anything else that I could do for you today Jill?
No I appreciate that, that was very nice of you. Thank you so much.
No problem Jill, thank you for choosing Intellibank, you enjoy your day OK.
Good afternoon. This is Rose at Intellibank. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm pretty good. How are you?
I'm doing pretty well.
I am. Well I'm actually trying to find an ATM. I I'm outta town and have been trying to look on my phone for the past like ten minutes and I am getting zero service. It just keeps loading and loading and loading. I don't know what's going on so I was wondering if you could help me with that?
Oh, no.
Oh certainly I can definitely help you with that I do need to know where you are on your fun adventure?
Oh sure I'm I'm in Denver Colorado.
OK cool. I've always wanted to travel to Denver. How's the weather there?
It's been really nice lately. The beautiful colors coming out. It's it's really been beautiful.
Nice I've wanted to come out there and ski and I never really thought about the leaves changing but I bet that is gorgeous.
Oh yeah it's been amazing.
Awesome. OK so I need to find somewhere in Denver .
yeah I grabbed the the street address of the restaurant that I was just in if you need that.
yes.
OK it is three five six zero Chestnut Place in Denver and the ZIP is eight zero two one six.
OK. Bear with me one second while I look that up for you.
OK I have several locations that are within walking distance of where you are.
Oh, great.
And
All of them are twenty-four hours. I think all except one and I'll have to look at those hours for you but I'll start with the closest one. That would be at three three four zero North Downing Street.
And then there's one at five zero five zero Washington Street.
OK.
And then. And I'm just going further away from you each one that I'm I'm letting you know of is the.
Well, I think these two addresses will work
Can you tell me what the daily withdrawal limit is for for the ATMs?
yes. The first one that I was telling you about is five hundred dollars and then the second one is fifteen hundred dollars a day.
OK. OK great and let me see here. Oh yeah I was gonna ask you since I can't get online and check my check my account. Can I check my account balance with you as well?
Sure I can totally help you with that. Which type of account would you like to check?
my checking account.
OK. I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your account for you.
Sure.
All right. Can you please tell me your I think you said your first name was Kim correct?
Yes and my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
Thank you and what is your date of birth Miss Johns?
April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK thank you so much and I have to ask you a security question. what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Murphy.
Thank you and your account number?
OK let me see here I just had that thing.
Just had my checkbook hold on for one moment for me Rose.
Sure take your time.
OK I got it here I had dropped it down down on the floor.
Oh no.
Yes the the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine zero.
Oh I'm sorry I meant zero five nine five. So the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much for fixing that cuz I literally was like I don't think we have an account number.
Sorry about that.
No worries no worries. All right Miss. Johns. I was able to pull up your account. Thank you for providing me with that information and you wanted to just check your balance correct?
Yes please.
OK your balance is three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
Oh OK perfect.
All right and was there anything else that I can help you with today?
no that's everything. Thank you so much for all your help. I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome Miss Johns and as a part of the Intellibank family I'd like to thank you for your business and your loyalty and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too. bye bye.
Thank
You, bye bye.
Hey, how you doing? I had just called, my call dropped. I was trying to close my account. I don't know if it went through or not though.
All right. thank you so much for calling Intellibank . My name is Ashley. I will just have to start off by getting some personal information from you to verify your account information. Number one, may I get your name?
My name is Joe William.
Awesome, and what kind of account are you calling for?
I'm calling cuz of my checking account. I'm sorry.
OK so you're calling in regards to your checking account.
Yes.
Mr. Joe Williams.
Yes.
Awesome. And your birthday?
My birthday is April the first, nineteen ninety-one.
April first?
April the first, yes.
That's my brother's birthday!
Your brother's, really?
Yeah, well look at that! Never met anyone with the same birthday as my brother.
Wow!
Wow, how old is he?
He's actually sixty-five years old. Yeah. Probably the first one with that birthday that I know. All right, and your card number?
Sixty-five? Wow.
Card number is six eight two one five six eight one two one three one zero six nine one.
All right, and that card number was six eight two one five six eight one two one three two zero six nine zero.
I'm sorry, it was two one three one then the third one.
Two one three one. Got it. And zero six nine zero.
Yeah. Yes.
Yes. Oh six zero six nine one. I'm sorry.
All righty, zero six nine one. Sorry about that. And for security purposes, we're gonna have to ask you about your security question which is what is the name of your first pet?
Sparky.
Sparky?
Yeah.
Well now I have to hear the story behind that, sir. Come on, tell me how you came up with that one.
Well I have a young dog, he's like three months old, and he always get into so many trouble. He will just go through the trash, he will mess up my pillow cases and couches and so I just decided to name him Sparky because of his personality. You know? He just always seem to you know not. Always get in trouble and stuff. Always just causing a nuisance to my life.
Well sounds like you may wanna get rid of Sparky then, huh?
he's a good dog though, he's a good dog. All right? I got him from a shelter, a animal shelter.
Oh so he's just getting adjusted.
Yeah.
Aww I can understand that. All righty. And may I ask what's the reason for closing your checking account with us?
actually I found a better bank that's gonna give me a a higher interest on my money, and so I just wanted to just close out this account and just transfer my remaining balance which is fifty dollars to my new bank.
All right. Well did you ever consider calling us and seeing if we can up your interest?
it's before I had just got off the phone with one of the tellers and they said they was unable to up my interest.
All right. Well I'm so sorry we weren't able to accommodate you, sir. may I have your checking account you would like to transfer this fifty dollars to information?
Yes. the routing number is zero eight two zero zero zero five four nine zero two one five six one three three five zero one.
OK, so for the routing we have zero eight two zero zero zero five four nine.
Yes.
And for the account number we have zero two one five six one three three five zero zero.
the last digit is zero for the account number.
OK, that's what I said.
OK.
Five zero zero.
Yes. Oh five zero one, ma'am. I'm sorry. Five zero one.
So I got.
OK so I'm gonna have to ask you to completely repeat the entire account number.
It's zero two one five six one three three five zero one.
OK, perfect. I got it right here, sir. All right, so that was zero two one five six one three three five zero one.
Yes.
Awesome. All righty, just give me a brief moment while I process that information for you.
OK.
All right.
Transferring fifty dollars to your new bank and closing out your old account. All right, sir. your account has been closed out, and your fifty dollars is transferred to your new account. Is there anything. Last thing, is there anything else I can help you with?
yes. I was actually wondering, are you guys hiring in any department of yours?
Yes we are, Joe. I'm so surprised you you asked. we are hiring for call center positions. We're also hiring for positions such as in person bank tellers. So if you are interested, you would just go on our website at Intellibank dot com, go to careers, put in your state, put in your city and the location in which you're interested in working, and from there you will see all of our opportunities listed. I do think for you you will be a perfect fit for a call center, you have such a lovey voice.
Oh thank you, thank you very much.
You're welcome. And I'm so sorry to see you go, sir. I wish you would've kept this account open for Sparky, but maybe you'll be back later to open a new account for him.
I might consider that.
I think that would be a great idea, sir. You have a you have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services this is Steven. How can I help you?
I believe I want to close my savings account and I want to transfer the remaining money to my checking account. but I need to ask a question first before I do this. I need to know what the interest rate is on my savings account. And the minimum balance that I have to keep in my savings account to earn that interest.
Certainly. can I have your name and date of birth please?
My name is Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And my date of birth is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And your social security number. the last four of your social security number I'm sorry.
Eight zero one one.
Thank you and if you'll verify your identity for me. your security question is what was your mothers maiden name?
Green G R E E N.
Thank you. verify that information. And I see your savings account here let me pull the details on that up. OK yes . Your savings account is eligible to earn an interest of point zero zero one percent annually. And you don't have to have a minimum balance to earn that interest rate. but you do have to have a minimum balance of five hundred dollars each month. To avoid incurring a maintenance fee.
OK.
And that maintenance fee is twelve dollars.
Twelve dollars OK that's what I thought Yeah I'm getting hit for twelve dollars each month, and it won't be very long before I'm out of money in my savings account. So yes I I want to close my savings account and and move the money to my checking account please.
OK I can certainly do that for you. Can I have the last four digits of your checking account number?
Six eight two nine.
Six eight two nine.
Yes.
All right. And go ahead and get the savings account close out. And you're just wanting to close that out because you're you're not satisfied with the interest rate that it's it's drawing.
Well the interest rate and the monthly maintenance fee.
And the fees yes OK. All right and. So that's gonna close out and there will be a leftover balance of three hundred and twenty-three dollars, and seventeen cents. and you just wanna go ahead and transfer that to your checking?
Yes please.
OK. Let me put that in here and get that processed. All right I've got that account closed. So you will receive a notice in the mail providing you the full details of the closure. But that account is closed. And the funds have been transferred to your checking account. And they should be available within twenty-four to forty-eight hours.
OK that sounds great. Your day going pretty good so far?
Yes my day has been pretty good. almost done with the day so that makes it even better.
That's good Yeah. My day's been pretty hectic I'm a school bus driver.
Oh.
And those kids they just wear me out.
I can certainly understand that.
Quite a bit of stress. And with the traffic and kids it's it's not a very fun job, but I have to do it.
Yes.
Yes well somebody somebody's gotta do it and Yeah. It's not a job that people realize is is essential, and just how difficult it it can be.
Yeah yeah. Yeah those kids can get pretty rowdy.
I can imagine. All right sir is there anything else I need to help you with?
can you tell me I probably need to order some checks.
OK I can certainly help you with that. is your is your address still sixty-three Pennington Street in Canyon Country California?
yes.
OK. Yeah I can certainly get you some checks ordered.
OK. can you tell he how many checks come in a box and how much they are?
Yes the. There are four bundles of checks in a box and each bundle has fifty checks in them. So there's a total of two hundred checks in a box. And for our checking account customers. Or well for any of our account customers ordering checks is free of charge.
OK sounds great. And you can get those ordered and When can I expect to receive those?
Yes you just needed one box?
Yes.
OK. Just one box of checks. I've got those ordered for you and you can expect to receive them in the mail in three to five business days.
OK sounds great.
All right. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I can't think of anything.
All right sir. Well there's gonna be a brief survey that comes up here in just a moment. And it'll give you the opportunity to let us know how we did today. And how we can assist you better in the future.
OK sounds great.
All right sir you have a wonderful evening.
All right thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
yes. First name Ben last name Riley.
OK.
Can I also get your date of birth?
yeah. Date of birth is November twenty-third nineteen seventy-nine.
And for security purpose can I also get your state ID or driver's license number?
yeah. That is R P zero seven five seven three.
Four zero seven five seven three?
Correct.
OK.
Also for for security purpose can I also get your email we got on file?
yeah. The email is B as in boy Riley seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
at Yahoo dot com. Glad I'm not the only one to use that Yahoo account.
Yeah.
Slowly fleeting account.
Right. But I mean it's still it's still it's gonna stick around for a while.
Aww, yeah. It it got some life in it still.
How can I help you today, Mr. Riley?
I wanted to do a an internal transfer from my savings to a checkings account.
Oh OK! We can do that.
All right. Can I get your savings account number?
yes. zero nine one eight two seven three six five four.
OK.
Also, can I get your checkings account?
yes. That is nine eight seven one two three four five zero six.
All right and how much we moving today?
I'm just gonna move a hundred from the savings to my checkings.
OK.
So a hundred dollars from savings to checking.
Mhm.
All right. Your current savings account balance is five thousand seven hundred forty-three dollars and six cents.
Your new current checking account balance is seven thousand four hundred eighty-two dollars and fifty-two cents.
Awesome! That tracks.
All right.
also Mr. Riley, do you have the Intellibank app?
I do. I actually just downloaded it not too long ago. I haven't gotten to setting up my information and everything just yet though.
OK OK. Well just a heads up you can also transfer your your funds in from your internal accounts on the app.
Oh!
Just just to save you time cuz I know a lot people don't like to be on hold or wait for one of us agents to get a hold on the phone, but you can do a lot of things on that app. Make sure that it's real time.
Awesome.
Mhm.
our servers lately might have a little hiccup where they hesitate for about a hour or two. But everything else is pretty much just real time fluent.
OK.
Oh OK. So I can use the app to like do this transfer and all that kind of stuff?
Yes. It's it's very easy. It prompts you every time. Every time you sign in you'll get an email alert saying that you logged in.
so it's very secure as well.
Mhm.
and you can change whether you wanna have a limitation on certain accounts or certain spending for that day. Everything
Yeah the app is very versatile.
Awesome! So if say I wanted to change like my personal information? For my account. I can do that all through the app?
Yes and when you do it you can actually it'll actually change in real time as well.
Awesome! That that is amazing actually.
I should've been using this one.
Yeah.
Well, it's never too late.
that's what technology is right now. It's never to late to get involved.
Awesome! That they that that works out a lot actually. That's very convenient helps me out a lot. coz like sometimes I just don't have, you know, have the time to be on phone all, you know, for a while. So.
Exactly! Exactly! And like I said there's plenty of people I know of that just they just don't want to be on on hold or waiting for a agent to get on on the phone. The app definitely eliminates that whole situation.
Great. That that is that is amazing! Thank you.
no problem sir. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
that'll do it.
Oh well then you have a lovely day and thank you for calling Intellibank, Mr. Riley.
Awesome.
Good morning, thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Lisa, how may I help you today?
Hi Lisa. I was calling about the travelers card that you guys offer. And I was curious as to how it's different than the other credit cards you guys have.
Got it. I'd be happy to tell to you about the travel card. May I get your name and your date of birth please?
Yeah, my name is Daniel Corson that's C O R S O N. my birthday is January twenty-seventh nineteen seventy.
OK. Great Mr. Corson. And can I also verify your address?
Well, yeah, I just recently moved. So I'm not entirely sure which address you may have on record. My old address was forty-three seventeen Perry Street. That's P E R R Y Street. The my new address, the one that I just moved in to right now is is ten seventy-five, Deercove Drive. That's D E E R cove C O V E Drive. And that's in Midlands Texas. And the ZIP code is seven nine seven five six.
Got it. Give me just a moment to verify that. Let's see which one we have.
So where are you located at?
I'm in Tampa Florida. Have you ever been to Florida before?
No, I haven't had a chance to get down there. I hear it's nice though.
Oh, it's beautiful. This is a great time of year to come too. Starting to cool off a little bit. Do you like spending time on the beach?
Well I don't know about the beaches. But I'd like to visit some of the amusement parks. Like Universal and stuff like that.
Oh, you would. You definitely would. It's super fun. Disney's one of my favorite places but I hear Universal's really great too.
Yeah, there's there's a lot of amusement parks out there sounds good. I know Busch Gardens is in Tampa.
It is.
It is. Absolutely.
OK. So, it looks like I do have your current address on file. So, thanks for updating that with us. Let me give you a few points about the travel card. it is one of our lowest interest cards. For approved applicant's. And you accrue points with every one of your purchases and those points go towards big discounts on hotels and rental car companies that are participating in our network. would you like to go ahead and apply for that today? Takes about ten minutes for me to do it right now and I can tell you if you're approved instantly. otherwise, you know, you always have the option of applying for that online.
OK. Well, I'll check it out online. It sounds pretty good.
but the main reason why I called right now is because I'm at a restaurant and I just curious if you could tell me any nearby ATMs.
Sure. Sure, I'd be happy to look up some ATMs for you. Let me are you home? Or, or can I get the address of the location where you are?
Yeah, I'm at a restaurant. It's called Coconuts. The address is four two zero seven seven South Glenn Boulevard.
All right. OK. So it looks like I've got a couple, couple of options for you. There's an actual Intellibank ATM about a mile a little less than a mile from you. That's at two one six State State Street West. And that is right at the Rocket Coffee Cafe. Then there's, there's a location a little bit closer to you. It's at State Bank, inside the bank. At five one three Bragom Boulevard. I do want to let you know though, if you use a bank that's out of our network we do charge you a two dollar and fifty cent fee. As well as any fees that are, that are that are charged by the that bank, that state bank. Would you like a third offer?
No, I'm good. In fact, I think that I'll check out the the first one you told me about. About near the coffee shop. do you know do you know if they accept cash deposits at that ATM?
Give me just a moment. Let me check on that for you.
Yes, it actually does look like you can deposit up to six hundred dollars in that ATM.
Oh, OK. That sounds great. that'll be it actually and I'll check out the website for the travelers card information.
All, right we look forward to hearing from you again. Did I answer any of your questions? Any other questions you might have?
No, no, no. You did great I think we're all good. Thank you for your help.
All right. Again my name is Lisa, thanks for you time and you have a great day.
You too, Lisa. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
I'm not exactly sure what I need to do, but I don't know where my card is.
OK. I can handle that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
All right. Do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
you can call me Jill.
All right Jill. So just so I'm understanding you correctly, you believe your card may have been lost or stolen?
I mean, I guess. I don't really have any idea where it's at. So I'm leaning more towards lost.
OK. And is this a debit or a credit card?
It's my debit card.
And when was the last time that you used the card?
yesterday I got gas. And I think that was the last time that I used it, was after the gas station.
OK Jill.
All right. give me just a moment. So what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight zero, two three, seven five three.
OK.
And can I also get your date of birth?
Yes, so it's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right. And the account has a security question, Jill, so could you also tell me the city you were born in?
Yes, so the city I was born in was Gladstone.
All right.
Jill, I have your account pulled up. The first thing that I wanna do is just check to make sure that no one has used your card since that, since that transaction that you said you made yesterday for gas. OK?
OK.
All right. So it looks like I'm showing the most recent transaction on the account was an account t~, or I'm sorry, was a purchase made at Wendy's for four dollars and eighty-seven cents. Do you recall making that purchase?
Oh my God, yes. I totally forgot about that. I got a burger after I got gas. So that was the last time I used it. Wendy's would've been the last time I used it. That was after gas.
OK.
So judging by that, looks like Wendy's was the last transaction. So it doesn't look like anyone has used your card other than you.
but what we can do, is we can go ahead and cancel that card for you, just to make sure that no one does if they come across it. would you like us to do that for you?
So if I cancel the card, and then I happen to find it, like if I find it then, then I can't use it again, right? Like it's gone, I can't use it anymore.
no Jill. So if we cancel the card, you wouldn't be able to use it anymore. It would make that card invalid if you do happen to locate it. But what I can do for you is I can order you a new card with a new number.
And that will come to you in the mail within seven to ten business days. So we'll get you a new card out, it'll have a new number on it.
And basically, if you don't locate that other card, it will just void that card out and cancel that one for you.
But how would I pay for anything in the meantime?
OK, if you didn't wanna wait for a new card, then you could also go to any local Intellibank branch and provide a valid photo ID. And then they can also print you a new card on site. so, I mean, you have some options there.
Oh OK that would be much easier. I mean, have you heard about the big swap meet tomorrow that's happening in the city? Are you from here?
Yes, yeah I'm from here.
Well, so its like a huge flea market. I'm really into the antiques and stuff, and I've really been looking forward to this. But, but yeah it's like tomorrow or whatever.
I had not heard about it. And it, and it's here in Kansas City you said?
Yeah, it's at the civic center. And there's like a hundred and eighty vendors booth, it's supposed to be like huge like there's a really huge event or whatever. But I've been waiting to go to it. I'm kind of keen on finding some new antiques. So, you know, it's a big thing for me.
That sounds pretty cool. Are you gonna, are you gonna actually have a booth in it? Or are you just going to shop?
Not a booth. But I wanted to just go check it out. Maybe see what goodies I could find. And I've got to have a debit card to shop, so.
OK. Yeah, absolutely. is there anything in particular you're gonna be looking for while you're there?
Oh, who knows. I never really know wh~, I never really know what I'm looking for till it finds me. I like to, to find nick knacks and what not.
Well, I hope you find a lot of good stuff, Jill. I have noted your lost card on your account.
So whenever you into the bank to make that request for that new card, they should all know what's going on from there. it looks like if you do locate your new card, I mean, if the new card isn't, I'm sorry, if the new card you receive that new card and you happen to locate that old card, you can go ahead and just cut that up and dispose of it. It's not going to be any good anymore. It's not going to be valid.
but this way, this way your not having that sit around and having anybody come across that card. It's just a little security measure. I just wanna make sure there's nothing else I can do for you today. Your do you need help locating a branch near you, in order to get that card, that new card made for you?
I mean, if you can tell me the nearest branch to me, I m~, mostly go to ATMs, and I know where there's a really close ATM, but there's not a ban~, an actual bank with it.
You tell me where the nearest location is, like, to my home address.
Yeah. Is your home address on your account correct?
It should be, yes. It all should be up to date.
OK. So let me look at your home address here. So it looks like the nearest location to you is forty-five oh nine Weston Circle. And that's in Kansas City, Missouri. Are you familiar with where that area is? It looks like it's near the intersection of Weston and Hanton. Does that sound like an area you're familiar with?
Oh yes. That's like really close to me. It's not very far at all.
Yeah. It says it's one point three miles from your residence. So it should be fairly close.
Oh, that's perfect. Let me write it down.
OK.
All right, Jill, was there anything else that I could do for you today?
No, nope.
Don't think so. I think that's perfect. I appreciate it.
All right, Jill, well you have fun at the swap meet. And thank you for choosing Intellibank, OK?
Thanks for calling Intellibank this is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes hi Jerry how are you doing today?
I'm doing terrific thanks for asking.
Well good my name is Evelyn Richards and I'm calling today because I need to change my street address my phone number and I would also like to get the balance on my checking account.
Wow you got quite a bit to get updated here today. Happy to assist you with that.
Thank you.
and Ms. Richards if I could just ask what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK and what is your phone number and your address? Your address and phone number?
OK my address is three six eight eight Layman Court Smyrna Georgia three zero zero eight zero.
OK the account that we have on file you're saying is three six eight eight Layman Court Smyrna Georgia three zero zero eight zero?
Yes .
And is this the account that you want to change?
Yes.
OK and what is the your phone number also?
OK my phone number is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
OK that's six seven eight two zero two four two five three?
Yes.
And you said you also wanted to change or update that as well?
Yes I would!
OK. And Ms. Richards what is the address that you wanted to update? what is your new address?
OK the new address is one four one Oakwood Avenue Avondale Estates Georgia three zero zero zero two.
OK that's one four four Oakdale Avenue Avondale Estates Georgia three zero zero zero two?
no it's one four one Oakwood Avenue Avondale Estates Georgia three zero zero zero two.
thanks for that correction that's one four one.
Yes.
Oak.
Wood.
Wood.
Avenue.
Avenue. Avondale Estates Georgia three zero zero zero two.
Correct.
OK and what is the new phone number?
OK the new phone number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one.
OK that number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one?
Yes.
OK I've gone ahead and made those adjustments for you. But before I can actually continue Ms. Richards what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
OK thank you for that. I've gone ahead and processed your request and you also said that you had another question that you wanted assistance with?
yes I wanted to also get my checking account balance. I was gonna go by the bank today but I just decided to call in.
Oh OK. Absolutely. Well thank you for calling Ms. Richards.
You're welcome.
We're more than happy to save you the time and of course if you ever want to go to the bank we're happy to have you visit there as well. And what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight four six five nine.
OK that's for your checking account number Ms. Richards?
Yes.
OK your balance there is six hundred twenty-seven dollars and thirty-seven cents.
OK it's six hundred twenty-seven dollars and thirty-seven cent?
Yes ma'am.
OK thanks.
And of course with that being the case. Just so that you know you can always update your account information online as well. Did you have any questions about our online banking?
No.
OK well is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I also would like to report that I lost my card.
Oh so sorry to hear that Ms. Richards. And let me just pull that up here what is the card number?
It is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK that's four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six?
Yes.
OK I have that pulled up and again just for security purposes what is your name of your first pet?
Dusty.
OK I see that here and you said that your account that your you've lost your card. Do you recall when you last used your card?
Yes I last used my card yesterday.
OK and did you. Was that when you lost the card or was that today or do you remember?
I believe that's when I actually. It it's missing cuz I looked for it and I couldn't locate it. So I I can't find it.
OK so just to be clear. So was that on October the fourteenth that you you believe you lost your card?
Yes.
OK and do you you said. Do you recall where you used it last?
Yes I I last used the card at Target.
OK I see that you are saying that you last used your card at Target. And I will go ahead and report that in the system. And did you want to have a new card sent out?
Yes.
OK and did you want that new card sent out to the new address that we just updated on the account?
Yes I would!
OK and that address again is one four four Oak.
Excuse me it's one four one.
Pardon me that's one four one Oak Dale Drive? Oakdale Avenue?
No it's Oakwood Avenue.
Pardon me. So that's one four one Oakwood Avenue Avondale Estates Georgia three zero zero zero two?
Yes.
OK terrific we'll make sure that gets out to you. And your new card should arrive in about seven to ten business days and you can activate it by just giving us a call back here at the help line or by going online for your online access.
OK!
And is there anything else I can help you with?
No there's nothing else I need today.
Terrific Ms. Richards thanks for giving us a call here at Intellibank.
You're welcome thank you!
Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. How can we help you today?
Yes, hello today. How's it going?
Pretty good, pretty good. How are you?
not too bad I need to open a account with your bank and get things rolling.
OK, yes sir, we'd be more than happy to help you with that. can I have your first and last name please?
Yes, it's Bart Herold with an E, H E R O L D.
OK, thank you for that. And your date of birth?
Mhm.
My date of birth is two twenty nineteen seventy.
OK, thank you for that, and your social security number?
Oh, my social? two oh one three three four eight one two.
OK, thank you for that, and I need you to pick a sec a security question. it's between your mother's last name or your favorite pet.
I'll do my favorite pet.
OK and what would be the Fee.
Fefus. F.
F. F E F U S.
Fefus, OK, thank you for that. That. And I'm setting that here for you now.
Fefus.
Fefus McGruff.
Fesa. Fefus McGruff, isn't that funny?
And you.
My kid named it that.
And you said you'd like to open an account with us. did you know that we also offered savings, and we have car loans, and we also do house refinancing.
Do you do the free checking?
Yes we do.
That's pretty much all I need right now.
OK, and I just wanted to let wanted to let you know that our interest rate right now is at three point eight. So. Mhm. So you.
Off the loans?
Like
Small business or car loans or something?
Yes.
Yes, sir.
you know, I I might take it, you never know.
So if.
If you're ever interested in doing that, that is our interest rates as of right now and it's a it's a pretty good deal.
That's wonderful. Thank you.
But if you hold on one second, I'll get all this filled out for you and I'll get this account opened up
All right.
And and what balance would you like what would be your balance you'd like to start this account with?
Oh.
Oh, it'll be my next paycheck and it it usually runs like right around fifteen hundred and some so.
But, today your your depositing how much today?
Today, I'll just I'll just I'll just deposit the cash I have I have six hundred and forty-five dollars.
OK, yes sir. OK, let me get all this input here. OK, thank you very much then. I just opened up the account and we'll be we'll transfer the money in there for you Is there anything else I can help you today with?
well I I did move so I have to give you my new I have to give you my my address period. it's twenty-six thirty-four.
Mhm.
Skyline Road.
OK.
Charleston, West Virginia.
OK, thank you very much for that and
Now now another thing I was wondering like I I saw your signs on some of the ATMs but I was wondering like what what ATMs have different services I I saw two of them just within three miles of the house. The one do they have the ITM? what do they call it? Inter Interactive, the interactive teller? Where if I push a button I could talk to somebody.
Yes sir, that's a great question.
Both of them?
They both have it?
Then act. Actually only one has it right now.
That's.
That's the one I need.
OK, yes sir if you
Right over by Witcha Creek?
Yes that's it's gonna be right there at the at the town at the town center area it's a twenty-four hour access and it does have the I the ITM that you're ask asking about, with the interactive.
Mhm.
And it's outside.
Mhm.
By the bank itself, not in like a Walmart or anything?
Yes.
And also the checkless deposit is is also available, you can do that too. And then three miles from that on the other, going the other direction there's also another ATM located at a grocery store there on Plane's Lane.
That's
What's their hours?
they are open twenty-four hours for the ATM use in the lobby, but the store itself closes at nine o'clock.
You say it's in the lobby, right inside? Cause sometimes people put their ATMs outside that way you can get to them.
Yes, sir.
If they close or something.
Yes, sir.
Like they close at ten but they had their ATM outside if you need to get money.
Yes, it's very easy to access and it is a twenty-four hour access for you, and for your convenience. And did you know about our online our our online account accounting information that you can check your balance and anything online
Mm.
I will need some.
I will need some information on that in the near future. Oh, I need to come and open an you know, probably talk to your IT guy about getting registered for the online banking.
OK. Yes, sir.
Saw something
About that that I had to call an IT guy and get a certain number verification So, if that hadn't changed, I'll that'd be great. Now, do you have does that ATM have the cash deposits where I can deposit cash anytime I want?
Yes, yes it sure does. You'll have that option also, yes.
Both of them?
OK.
You can deposit cash anytime that you need to and you can also do the checkless online, where you don't have to be present to make your deposit.
Well that's cool.
You have your numbers and then you can just input them online, and it will automatically put your check into your account.
Oh, yeah you know Farmer's Almanac said it's gonna be a really bad winter this year.
That's what I understand, sir, and that's a. That's a terrible thing. It'll be hard to get to work.
I've got four wheel drive, but
They they didn't patch the roads from last winter so I feel bad for people next next spring time, when spring rolls around, they're gonna be breaking ball joints and springs and getting front end alignments.
Yes, sir.
We paid good tax dollars for this, they need to do it.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm. I'm
Sorry about that, I keep rambling. No, I appreciate it. Thanks for all the information and
I'll be in touch.
OK, well thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a nice day.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you, buh bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Carl. How may I help you?
Hi Carl, this is Tanya how are you?
I'm doing well Tanya. How are you doing?
I'm doing fabulous. I just move into town and I need to open a bank account with you guys.
OK, I can help you with that. Are you looking to open a checking account or a savings account?
for for right now just checking account.
OK.
All right we have a couple different options for checking accounts. We have an interest bearing checking account and we have a free checking account. Or we also have a business checking account. Which would you like to open?
I'm just gonna start with a basic just the basic checking account.
OK. All right. I can definitely help you with that. So you're looking at the free basic checking account? Correct?
Yes,
Please.
OK. The so Tanya let's start with what is your full name?
first name is T as Thomas.
OK.
A N Y A.
OK.
And last name B as in bicycle I S H O P.
OK. And Tanya what is your birth date?
February twentieth nineteen seventy-four.
OK.
And your current address?
hold on a second I'm not sure about my number. I gotta run downstairs and look on the front of the door. Hold on.
OK.
OK. I'm back. It is two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
Heber, Montana nine zero. Sorry nine one zero one one.
OK so you said that's two seventy Silver Cloud Road?
Heber, Montana, nine one zero one one. Correct?
Correct.
OK and Tanya I need a phone number for you.
my phone number is three zero one three four five nine nine eight seven.
All right. Three zero one three four five nine nine eight seven for a phone number. And then I need a social security number from you, Tanya.
social security is six four five five four six six zero zero.
All right so we have six four five, five four, six six zero zero. Is that correct?
Correct.
OK. All right so we need to run a background check real quick and that will take one minute. And while we're that's running we can talk about the the checking account and I'll give you all the details about it.
Oh OK.
So how did you how did you find out about us?
Oh well you guys are very close to where I live and I see branches all over town so I figured it's a good bank.
All right, perfect. And did you just move to Heber, Montana?
Yeah about a week ago.
All right, very good. What brought you to Hever Heber, Montana?
skiing. You guys have awesome skiing.
That we do. Where did you move from?
Ohio.
Ohio. Pretty flat in Ohio.
Very flat there's yeah there's no skiing in Ohio.
OK all right so I'll give you a couple of the details about our our free checking account. there are no fees for monthly fees for the checking account. We do have an overdraft fee of thirty-five dollars for every time that you overdraw the account.
Got it.
and that's it. Did you want to get a an ATM card or a Visa debit card with that?
I would like a Visa debit debit card please.
OK, all right. All right so it looks like the result of the background check's come back and we can move forward here. So I'm going to use this information to start opening up your checking account.
OK.
OK.
Mm all right I'm putting in the info. And we wanted a Visa debit card. do you have a do you have a preference for what the card looks like?
Not really.
Not really. OK. OK.
No.
Surprise me. How about that?
All right. I will surprise you.
The so we need is a security question with an answer.
OK.
That can be your mother's maiden name, your first pet, your first car. Things like that.
let's do let's do my first pet.
OK. All right so the name of your first pet?
Rocki and let's spell it as R O C K I.
OK.
OK, so the name of your first pet, and that is Rocki, R O C K I.
Correct.
All right. and then for your Visa debit card we are going to have to come up with an ATM pin.
let's.
Four-digit ATM pin?
let's do two seven zero zero.
Two seven zero zero for the ATM debit pin. your ATM card will ship out today.
OK.
And you should receive it in the next two to three business days. we have that we have that. How did you want to fund this account?
you know what? I'm gonna. I'm gonna stop by later and I'm gonna put some money into it.
Pass check the transfer.
OK.
Got it. OK so right now we have everything basically set up. Let me give you your checking account number.
OK.
It's two nine one two three one one.
Two nine one two three one one.
Correct that's it and when you stop by later to to set up your account you're going to need a to bring a photo ID.
Yes.
And that'll be the finishing product for setting up or the finishing requirement for setting up your account and funding the account.
OK.
And since you are gonna stop by later you can do both of those at the same time. Your Visa debit will be there in the next two to three business days. And is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No that was that was very helpful.
OK.
All right perfect. Well thank you very much for calling Intellibank and we are glad and excited to have you as a customer.
Thank you, me too.
All right, thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. This is Michael. How may I help you?
hey, this is John. I'm calling. I'm interested in opening an account and I want to I mean I'd been a member of the bank for a while but then I closed an account because I moved and so but now I'm back back in town so I'd like to get an account so I'm curious of what. Can we do this by phone?
Yes sir, we certainly can set up a new account for you by phone. may I have your first and last name sir and your date of birth?
I'm John Walker. that's W A L K E R. And what was the second question?
Your date of birth sir?
Oh I was born November tenth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. May I have your Social Security number sir? This is to put on file to associate with your account.
hold on hold on. I messed this up last week. just a minute. Let me go get something. I had to write a reminder to myself. One moment.
That's not a problem sir. Take all the time you need.
OK. Here it is. Three six three five seven nine three seven six.
Thank you sir. What kind of account would you like to open with us? Would you like a checking or a savings account?
Yeah, just a savings account. I just don't write checks anymore so.
Understood sir. please choose a security question. some examples that you could choose for your security question is what is your mother's maiden name? What is the name of your first pet? What street did you grow up on? What would you like for your security question sir?
What does that mean? A security question? What will it be used for?
This is for the security of your account sir. It's just if you ever decide to call in at another at a later date or if you're trying to log in online, this is the security question to verify your identity.
OKs. So it needs to be something I remember so OK my mother's maiden name. What is my mother's maiden name?
Thank you sir. And what is the answer to this security question?
Jeffries. That's like J E F F R I E S. S as in Sam.
Thank you sir. hold on one moment please.
Are yo~. So where where is your at I Bank, where is your office located? Are you in town?
Intellibank sir? Are you inquiring about Intellibank office locations?
Oh what did I call it? I'm sorry.
I Bank sir.
Oh oh OK sorry. ye~. yes.
yes sir. Intellibank office locations we have two of them possibly in your city.
No no, I was kinda curious where the call center is. Where's your location?
Oh I apologize sir. my you're asking about my location? yes our call center I'm currently calling from Austin Texas. If that answers your question correctly?
Oh wow! I've been to Austin before. have you You know we just had the big music festival. I mean I used to go but I'm just getting a little too old for that. Have you ever been to the Austin I I forget what they call it. It's music fest~. ACL that's it. Have you ever been to that?
Yes sir, Austin City Limits. I I've been there a couple of times
Yeah
That's some crazy stuff isn't it.
Yes indeed, sir. OK Mr. Walker, I'd just like to confirm a few things before I officially open this account. your first name is John, last name Walker. Your birthday is November tenth nineteen sixty. The Social Security number that we have assigned to your file is three six three five seven nine three seven six. This is a savings account which you are opening with Intellibank. The security question which you have chosen is what is your mother's maiden name? Answer is Jeffries. Spelled J E F F R I E S. Does does all this sound correct sir?
That's perfect. Yes.
OK sir, so effective immediately today this account will be open with us in Intellibank. You will be able to deposit or withdraw at your leisure. we do not have online fees since you are have become a member and the account number the for your savings account which is assigned to it is you might need a pen for this sir
OK.
Your account number is seven one seven six two six. But you can also find this online. Are you familiar with online banking sir?
I am. I am. I just haven't had good luck with it but I I oh sorry. Go on.
Would you like more information about online banking?
Not right now. and that account number was seven one seven six two six?
Yes sir, that's for your savings account that you're opening with us.
OK. Alright, so I'll go into a branch and make a deposit. Thank you.
Thank you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
no, not today.
Alright, have a good day sir.
Thank you. You too.
Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intel Bank. How may I help you?
Hi yes, my name is Marie Johnson and I'm just calling to get some more information about depositing my check.
Hi Marie Johnson, I'll be gladly able to assist you with that. May I please have some information to go into your account. This will just make sure I'm talking to the correct person before I go into your file.
Of course.
May I please start off with your
you may either provide your social security number, your account number
and your social security number the last four digits along with your birthday.
You just tell me which number works best for you.
I think I'm gonna go ahead and give you the last four of my social if possible and my address.
And if you can that's fine you can also provide your address but I'll also need your date of birth please.
OK I'm sorry yes. I'll provide my date of birth cuz I can't find my account number. I'm sorry.
It's OK. It's confusing. It's a lot of numbers to to remember by heart. That's not a problem. I'll go ahead and start out with your your date of birth please.
Perfect, it's May twenty-five nineteen ninety-eight.
OK and may I please have your
Your last four digits of your social please.
Of course, twelve twenty-five.
OK. and can you please verify your street address please?
Of course,
Forty-seven sixty Chariot Circle Greenacres, Florida three three four six three.
OK.
not a problem.
OK, Mrs. Johnson. I see that there are four local branches near your address and what exactly services are you looking for today?
To deposit my check.
OK well there's a few options that I can provide for you.
The nearest branch is about ten minutes away from your home address
and I you can either go to that branch. Or you can also actually if you have the check in your possession, we have services that's online with our online banking
and you are able to take a picture of your check and that will deposit it. But you'll probably wait between three to five business days for the check to clear.
do you have an option of what you'd like to do?
Yes only because I need the money as soon as possible, I think I might just walk into the bank that's closest to my location.
OK that's great as well.
I will suggest that you definitely bring an ID especially just so they can verify who you are. And if you have also any debit card or any ATM card
please bring that with you, that way there'll be no issues and you can quickly deposit your check.
and they'll be gladly to assist you with that.
Perfect, sounds great.
And also I'm not sure if you would like to know our store our business hours at our location at the bank that is ten minutes away from your home, it's from
nine to five Monday through Friday. Saturday we're open from twelve to five and on Sunday's we're not open.
Our ATM services are for our inside of our branch is twenty-four hours,
but you will need to have a debit card to access the building.
Our drive-through for the ATM is also twenty-four hours, it just like some people like to go inside
and depending how busy we are during that
specific time you come to our branch we have two different areas for you to access the ATM, which is inside or outside the bank. Which you can just stay inside your car and drive through a drive-through
or if you wanna take a little stretch and walk out your car, you may do so as well. But please have your debit card in hand in order to access our building if you would like to go inside to use the ATM.
Perfect, thank you so much.
Not a problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I had a concern, by chance is there a monthly fee and if so, how can I avoid it?
I'm glad you ask that question. most banks charge fees monthly fees for their basic checking and savings account
at our bank we do not offer savings accounts or investments account, we just have checking. And in order to avoid the mainly service fee you would need to have an excess of at least two fifty two hundred and fifty dollars directed into your account from a direct deposit every month.
And so a minimum balance needed for that account, for the account that you have with us would need to stay around fifteen hundred. Do you think you'd be able to do that?
Yes.
OK, that sounds great.
When you come into our branch we have services that will actually have you sit down with a banking staff
and they'll definitely go over ever services that you would like to have. so we do do the if you were we asking about. We do offer ATMs as you were just in case if you want different options as far as coming into the bank. Or outside the bank especially now with the times with COVID. some people don't really wanna to go inside different stores or different
just any you know go face to face with anyone. So we do offer those and as well as
When you do go into the bank, please ask the banking manager or the banking customer services representative that will be assisting you, to please ask how you can also set up your online banking, so that you also have that have your banking information right in your phone and all you can do is log in. So if you do wanna check your balance instead of calling our customer service line, you may also just you know just type in WWW dot com and look for Intel Banking and you can just go ahead and set that up.
If you have any issues setting it up, I'm sure one of the banking representative at our location will gladly assist you with that and if you have any other questions, there's definitely different services that our branches offer. There like I said, we don't offer any sort of investments but we do have checking. And you can also, you know, set up any direct deposit with your job things of that nature. And if you have any other services or questions, I'm sure somebody at the branch will definitely help you. If I can help you with anything else, please let me know. Is there anything that you might need help with again or at all?
Nope, everything seems great.
Oh great, I'm so glad I was able to assist you today Mrs. Johnson and please if you have any questions please give don't you know feel free to give us a call back and we'll gladly assist you. And I hope you have a great day.
Thank you so much, everything was great.
You take care. Bye bye.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great, Kim. Thank you so much for asking. And how about you?
I'm doing pretty well. I am. I'm calling because I am having an issue with the online portal again. I. I'm trying to do a few things and I keep trying to access the information online and sometimes it looks like it wants to let me in. Other times it just loads and loads and loads and then nothing ever happens.
Awesome.
Oh my goodness, I'm very sorry to hear that. I can't say that it's a new thing though. You're not the only person that has brought this to my attention. I have submitted a ticket to our IT department and they are currently looking into that. So hopefully something will be taken care of today. I. Again, I apologize on behalf of the company. I know that it's an extreme inconvenience in a in a situation that's supposed to be very convenient.
Yeah, it is. I mean I'm out of town and I'm trying to pull up, you know, an ATM near me, and and whatever else I might need to do and and having it at your fingertips of is of course much easier than calling you guys and and, you know, asking you to do it. But I appreciate you taking care of that, thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
I was looking for, like I said, an ATM. I'm out of town and I'd I need some help with that please since I can't do it on the site.
Certainly. I just have to get a little information from you and so I can help you locate an ATM. So could you give me a street address that you're nearby or at.
Sure.
Sure. City and state as well.
give me one second here.
Sure.
I thought I wrote down this restaurant's address. Hold on for one second for me, Rose.
OK. Take your time.
OK, here we go. the address of the restaurant is three three three three East Colfax Avenue and that's in Denver, Colorado. And the ZIP Code is eight zero two zero six.
OK. Thank you so much. Bear with me just a few moments while I look up something that I mean a ATM that's closer to you.
Sure.
Do you have a particular radius that you need? Walking distance? Driving?
no. I mean anything would be. Anything. If there's anything within, you know, fifteen to twenty miles from there. I think that that would work out fine.
OK. Thank you.
What was that ZIP Code again?
Sure, it's eight zero two zero six.
Thank you very much. OK, I've got a few that I wanna give you, you know, give you some options. Bear with me, my computer's acting crazy. OK. Let's see here.
I apologize, my computer's running a little bit slow.
Oh, that's OK. No worries. All the systems are are not working I guess?
Yes. It's such a stressful time when Mercury retrograde happens. It's like nothing wants to run as smoothly as it should.
Right.
But business is still happening and you still have to work so trying to, you know, accommodate those stresses is is it's taxing. To say the least. Alright, I just had to basically clear out what I had just searched because it wasn't. It wasn't working. So bear with me just a moment, again. I apologize.
Sure, that's no problem.
OK. I have a couple. and a couple that I'm going to give you are twenty-four hours and I'm hoping they're all twenty-four hours but the first three are definitely twenty-four hours.
Oh yeah, that's fine. Just two or three will be totally fine.
OK.
OK. So the first one is at seven three three Santa Fe Drive.
OK.
And that one is definitely twenty-four hours. It's not inside of a business, it's a standalone.
OK.
And then I also have one at one forty Capital. State Capital. Excuse me. that one is open right now. It doesn't say that it's twenty-four hours, but it is open right now. then I have another one that is two eight one zero Quebec Street. And that one closes at midnight.
OK, perfect.
Alright, awesome.
OK.
Thank you so much.
You are so very welcome. And so you said you had another issue you needed me to help you with or no. I'm sorry, I couldn't remember.
Oh, no, that's OK. I yes, there is something else I do want to I wanted to do. I was trying to do it online and as I said, I was having an issue. I saw a charge out there for a service that was not rendered. it was actually for something that was supposed to be scheduled and it was wasn't rendered the person it was a charge from Home Depot and the person never came out to fix my dishwasher. And I called them and they said they were going to reverse the charge and they still haven't and so I want to dispute that through you guys because they are not taking care of removing the charge from my my account.
OK, I can certainly take care of that for you. How frustrating.
Yeah.
So I just have to get some personal information from you so that I can submit this to the dispute department.
Sure.
You've basically answered several of the questions I would have asked so this will be pretty quick. I just need your first and last name.
It's Kim and my last name is Johms. That's J O H M S.
Thank you Kim. And the. Your date of birth.
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. the account number that you were that you're disputing. Has the the dispute on.
yes, that's my checking and it's one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you. And also the dollar amount that's being disputed?
the dollar amount is for two hundred and seventy-five dollars and twenty cents.
OK. And then I would also need the transaction date.
And the transaction date on my statement, if I remember correctly, I don't have it with it but I'm pretty sure it was on September seventh or eight. One of those two days.
OK. Alright, bear with me just a second. I'm looking this up. OK, so you've already answered where the transaction's coming from and that you've already tried to handle it and that it's definitely not a membership fee.
Right, exactly.
OK, I just wanted to confirm with you that I do have all the necessary information to submit this to the dispute department. They will be contacting you. anywhere from three to five business days is how long an investigation takes. They will initiate it as soon as I submit this information to them. And they'll be contacting you by phone and also email. Could you please give me the updated email and phone number for your account please.
yeah they I mean it should be whatever you have on file exactly what you have on file. The number is nine nine three seven one seven zero seven eight five. And the email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK, Ms. Johns. I just dis~. I just sent that over to the dispute department. Department. Excuse me. And was there anything else that I can help you with? Oh, I'm sorry. I meant to tell you. I'm so sorry. That we do have to put a hold on your account until the investigation is completed.
yeah. I figured that's no problem.
Alright. And was there anything else I could help you with today?
no, that's everything. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Jake, can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. Monica Stevens.
OK Miss Stevens, can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty.
One one nineteen sixty?
Yes.
OK. And for security purpose, can I get your driver's licence or state ID?
Yes. P G one three three seven four eight.
Seven four eight?
Yes.
OK.
And also for security purpose, can I get your email that we have on file?
OK. organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Organic peach.
Yes.
OK. What can I do for you today?
I would like to change my address.
OK, we can do that. Alright. Give me one second.
OK.
And what is the new address you want us to change to?
It's thirty sixty-nine Teakwood, New York, New York one zero zero six two.
you said Teakwood.
Yes.
Could you spell that for me?
T E A W O O D.
OK. Alright. And you said New York, New York.
Yes.
City so nice they named it twice.
Yes.
Alright. And we are updated.
Oh OK and I would like to open a new account.
OK.
I'm gonna do a checking.
A checking, so you're gonna have two checking accounts?
Yes.
OK.
Alright, are we pulling from any other of the accounts or?
We're gonna we're gonna pull a thousand out of the savings.
A thousand?
Yes.
OK.
Alright. Let's get this savings number.
Eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
And that's nine eight.
Yes.
OK.
And you said a thousand?
Yes.
Alright.
And this is the same name on the account?
Yes.
OK.
OK, you should be getting a email right about now. If you can check your phone your last operating anything check the email and give me the last four digits of the of the account number that they get sent you.
OK.
The last four?
Yes.
OK, we got eight eight one nine.
OK.
That is correct.
And we're gonna go ahead and transfer that thousand into that account.
OK.
Alright.
Mkay. Just a heads up Miss Stevens, I do know for a fact that we you have the the app.
Right.
You can you can create and transfer money within the app as well.
Oh OK.
So you don't have to wait, be on hold or anything to get to talk to us or anything.
Oh OK.
Other than that, this should hit this account within the next one or two hours but I will say wait twenty-four hours before you actually put any money or take any money out of this account.
Oh OK.
OK and down the line if you want to set a debit or credit card to this account, you can, you can do it through the app or you can call us, whichever you prefer.
OK.
you wanna have you job deposit money into this account, you can do that on the app as well. the app is pretty user friendly and it will give you step by step step to do that
all righty.
Other than that is there anything else I can do for you Miss Stevens?
That's about it.
That's about it.
Yes.
All righty. Well you have a lovely day Ms. Stevens and enjoy your day.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Yeah, I called earlier about closing my account, but I didn't have any of the information readily available, so I'd like to do that now.
Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that. And let's pull open your account. What is your full name and address please?
My name's George Emory. I live at one three Pine Cone Circle, Branson Missouri. My ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you for that George. And verify your phone number for me.
Sure, it's six one two two two nine, three nine zero nine.
Thank you.
And can you verify your date of birth and the last four of your social?
My date of birth is September twenty-first, nineteen ninety nine, and my social is four four eight one.
Thank you George. And then your security question. What is your first pet's name?
It's Wink.
Thank you. And you said you wanted to close your account today. Can you verify for me the number on that account?
sure could you just give me a second?
Sure, take your time.
OK it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Thank you your checking account at Intellibank?
Yes.
All right, and may I ask why you're choosing to close this account?
I found a different account at a competitor's bank that works better for what I need.
OK. Let's go ahead and gather the information. And did you want to transfer this to an existing account or do you want us to cut you a check and send it via mail?
No, I have an account ready.
OK, so you'd like to do a wire transfer?
Yes please.
OK and will this be coming from a domestic or an international bank?
It'll be domestic.
And will this be a checking or savings account?
A checking account.
OK. May I have that routing number please?
How do I find the routing number?
The routing number is usually the first set of numbers along the bottom left of your checks.
It's nine digits?
Yes.
OK. Yeah, I've got it here. It's nine eight two five four three six four four.
All right.
Thank you for that.
hey, could you tell me what my balance is?
Sure, I'd be happy to get your balance for you. One moment while I look that up.
And could you also tell me what the last transaction on my account is?
Absolutely, George. One moment. So it looks like the last transaction on your account was McDonald's this morning, in the amount of five dollars and thirty two cents. Does that sound right?
Yeah, that's right.
And then your balance on the account is one thousand three hundred and twenty-one dollars and fifty-six cents. there's nothing pending currently. So you do want to go ahead and proceed with this account closure?
Yes please.
OK. So we left off at, I need your account number please.
sure it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Actually George I need the account number that we're sending the money to at that other financial institution. I'm sorry, I should have clarified.
No, I'm sorry. yeah, the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Thank you. And we're gonna go ahead and transfer the whole balance of one thousand three hundred and twenty-one dollars and fifty-six cents.
Yes.
OK. Let me just gather this information together and then I will have you confirm it for me.
Sure thing.
All right George here we go. George Emory is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of one thousand three hundred and twenty-one dollars and fifty-six cents. This is coming from his Intellibank checking account. Number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. We are sending these funds to another financial institution with routing number nine eight two five four three six four four. And account number seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Does this all sound correct George?
Yeah, that all sounds right.
All right. One moment while that that processes. It'll take up to thirty seconds here. Then I'll have a transaction ID number for you to write down.
OK. Sounds good.
I have that number. Are you ready, George?
Yes ma'am.
That number is nine nine one seven six two nine.
Nine nine one seven six two nine. OK got it.
Great and I'm gonna go ahead and close that account, and you should receive an email about this account closure shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with today George?
no, that about covers it.
All right, you have a great day.
Yeah you too. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Gerry. How may I help you?
Yes, hello Gerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I would like to dispute a wire transaction I made today.
Be glad to help you with that Ms. Richards. And you said that you are wanting to dispute a wire transaction?
Yes. And I'd also like to do another wire transaction to the right account.
OK so you wanna go ahead and send another wire to the right account?
Yes.
OK, well I'll be glad to help you Ms. Richards. I just need to verify some of your account information. If you would, what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
And what is your phone number?
It is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
Thanks Ms. Richards, and also what is your home address?
It is three six eight eight Layman Court, Smyrna, Georgia, three zero zero eight zero.
And for security purposes what is your date what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez. OK thank you Ms. Richards, I'll be glad to assist you with your concerns regarding, disputing your wire transfer as well as you wanna send a new wire transfer. If you would just let me know, what is your account number?
Well I don't have that my account number.
OK, well regrettably Ms. Richards we need your account number just for security purposes to ensure that you know when you are disputing a transaction we need to know what the account is that you are disputing.
Well I need this now, what can I do?
I completely understand your concern, and again unfortunately I wouldn't be able to assist you with a wire transfer today. However, an option that you might have, at Intellibank we do offer the option of going online. Are you familiar with our online banking?
Yes.
OK, terrific. Well if you are familiar you can just go to our online banking, which is at our website, and right from the online banking you can from there send your request for disputing a transaction as well as send a wire from there, but because you're not having your account number to provide to me here over the phone just for security reasons, we'd be unable to assist you on the phone here today.
OK well I understand that. I will go online and see if I can do that, it seems pretty user friendly.
we try to make it user friendly Ms. Richards.
OK, well good.
Well I'll try to do that and if I have any issues I'll call back.
I again apologize for the fact that we weren't able to assist you today, but here's the good news Ms. Richards. you know if you are able to get online you will be able to handle it yourself, and I know that you seem like a a terrific person and a smart woman who's able to get this handled yourself, although I would have been happy to have done it here over the phone.
Well thank you very much for that. I hope I can get that done and I appreciate your help.
Thank you, and again is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it.
Terrific, thank you again. And again if you do have any other further questions you can always go by or stop by one of our branches and they may be able to pull up your account information. As well if you may be out and about, you can stop by a local branch as well.
I certainly will look into that too.
Thank you Ms. Richards.
You're welcome.
You have a great day and thanks for calling Intellibank.
thank you too. Bye bye, bye bye.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. My name is Jennifer. How can I be of help to you?
Good afternoon Jennifer. My name is Thomas. And I'd like to open an account with Intellibank.
OK Mr. Thomas. can I get your full name please?
My name is Thomas Pink.
OK Thomas Pink. Would you like to open a checkings account or savings account?
I would like to open a savings account so that I can get interest.
Oh great. Thank you very much. Please hold on while I take in your information for the account opening. First of all I will require your full name again. Please confirm your first and last name.
My first name is Thomas and my last name is Pink.
Thank you very much. Could you provide your date of birth?
OK. my date of birth is December twentieth nineteen eighty-three.
Thank you very much Mr. Thomas. I would love to get your full address and your social security number.
OK for my address I'm calling from San Jose, California and my address is one three nine sixteenth street. San Jose, California.
Thank you very much. Can you provide your social security number?
OK. For my social security number all right it is three two one three four five seven zero nine.
OK. I want to reconfirm your social security number with you. Three two one three four five seven zero six.
Six.
Yes. That is my security number. That's correct.
OK. Thank you. Hold on please. I'm going to need further further information from you. Kindly correct your secret question and answer.
OK. for my secret question I would like to use my mother's maiden name. if I may or my pet's name. Which of them can I use?
Kindly give a secret question in regards in regard to your pets.
OK. My pet name is Kylie. She's a dog.
OK. Please hold on. That is OK. We'd like to ask you the last question before we can proceed in opening the account. Can you confirm your mother's maiden name?
my mother's maiden name is Wayne.
OK. Thank you very much for that information. Please hold on. Thank you Mr. Thomas for contacting Intellibank. For Thank you very much for contacting Intellibank. We would also like to confirm all the personal information. I will also have to make contact with you to account opening form. However in the interim we're going to create an account for you . And we're going to also request for a card to be produced in your name. And you can start operating on the account almost immediately. Kindly provide your address to your place of work.
OK. You need my address to my place of work?
OK. I work with Walmart. So I'm with Walmart in San Jose. that's the only Walmart in San Jose.
OK. Thank you very much. We have taken in that information for the account opening process. Once again we thank you for contacting Intellibank. Your card will be ready for pickup or delivery in three working days. Can you confirm if you want to pickup or you want it delivered to you?
I want my card delivered to my office. I'm always available Monday through Friday So if you can deliver in that time frame I'd really appreciate it.
OK. Thank you very much Mr. Thomas. Your card will be delivered in three working days from today. Thank you for contacting Intellibank. Do you have further questions?
OK. I would like to know how long will it take for my account to be opened?
Your accounts will be ready within twenty-four hours. account number will be sent to you email and your phone number. Could that be all?
Yeah. That'll be all please.
Thank you very much and have a nice day sir.
You too.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael, how may I help you?
yes hi. I need to on my account, update my email address.
Yes sir, I can help you with that. can I have your first and last name and your date of birth please?
yes I'm John Walker. Date of birth eleven ten nineteen sixty.
Thank you sir. And can I also have an authenticating ID number associated with this account? It could be your account number, a credit card or driver's license number, something that we have on file.
Oh, my driver's license yes. two, four, two, five, seven, four, nine, five.
Thank you sir.
Wait, wait. That's not right. my driver's license is Two, four, two, five, seven, four, eight, five.
Thank you sir. One moment please.
And for the to further assess the validity of your identity and for the security of your account there is a security question. what is the name of your first pet?
yes that would Judge. J, U, D, G, E. And I do have my account number handy if that helps. Eight hundred that's eight, zero, zero, one, four, one.
Eight zero zero one four one, sir?
Yes.
OK. One moment please while I pull up your account.
And what piece of personal information did you want to change sir?
my email address.
Yes sir and what would you like your updated email to be?
that's six, zero. No I'm sorry it's J Walker six zero at Gmail dot com.
Thank you sir.
OK. I've edited your profile. this change should take in effect immediately or by the end of the day. I've changed your old email from J Walker or excuse me. I've changed from your old email J at Walker dot com to J Walker sixty at Gmail dot com. is this is correct sir?
Yes. Could you spell that out just to make sure we get that right?
Yes sir of course. For your new updated email I'm going to update it to J W, A, L, K, E, R six zero at Gmail. G, M, A, I, L dot com.
Yes OK, thank you. Appreciate that.
Is there anything else I can do for you sir. Would you like to know more about online banking so you can check the status of your accounts more conveniently in the future?
no I'm I'm fine. I I gotta run now, just needed my email changed. Thank you.
You're welcome sir, have a good day.
All right, bye.
Hi, Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name Julie, how may I assist you today?
Hi, Julie. How are you doing today?
Oh! I'm doing just well, thank you so much for asking, and how about yourself, ma'am?
Oh! I'm doing just wonderful. We actually just moved into a new house on the outskirts of town and we're coming from a little tiny apartment. So Oh my gosh! I am so thrilled we have a huge backyard . I know my kids and our dogs are absolutely thrilled about that. But at least and I am so sorry I'm just babbling on and on. The actual reason that I'm calling is, I'm trying to find a branch near me . The apartment that we were living in, we had a branch that was right around the corner, all I had to do if I need to go to the bank was walk out the door and there we were.
Well, that's no problem, ma'am. I will be happy to check that for you . First, may I please have your street address ?
Absolutely. Excuse me. my street address is three zero six Oak Mound Road.
All right. That was three zero six Oakmound Road. O A K M O U N D Road ?
Yeah, that is correct.
All right, thank you so much for that information. May I please have the city?
Sure, that is in Correll.
All right, I have that in Correll. That is C O R E L L?
no ma'am. That is C O R R E L L.
All right, thank you for that, ma'am. And what state is that located?
That is in Minnesota.
All right. So three zero six Oakmound Road in Correll, Minnesota?
Yes, that's correct.
Just one moment please while I pull up that information for you.
Sure, no problem.
All right, ma'am, I am back and I am actually seeing two branches that's within about a ten mile radius of you. The first one will be at two ninety-four Parker Avenue.
Oh my goodness! I'm so embarrassed. Could you hold on for just a second so I can go grab a pen and a piece of paper to write that down on?
Yes, ma'am. Sure, that's no problem whatsoever. Just let me know when you're back.
OK, thank you.
OK, I am back. I am so sorry about that. Now, you said the first one was at?
All right, it was at two ninety-four, Barker Avenue.
OK. Two ninety-four Parker Avenue. That's P A R K E R, correct?
Oh! No, ma'am. That's actually B as in boy A R K E R Avenue.
Oh! OK, sorry about that. Two ninety-four, Barker Avenue.
Yes, ma'am, that's correct. And the second one will be at six two six James Street.
OK, I have that. Six twenty-six James Street.
That is absolutely correct. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
actually, yeah. Do you know if those two branches, if they have ATMs that's on the inside or the outside or actually, is there just a standalone ATM that's anywhere near me?
Just one moment, please. Let me double-check on that for you. OK. Well, I am seeing that both of those branch locations do have twenty-four hour access to the ATMs. So even if they are on the inside you can access them at anytime you'd like. And and also seeing that there is a just a standalone ATM that is right about a mile away from you.
Oh! That's great. Can I have that address, please?
Sure, it is at four zero nine Libby Street. L I B B Y Street .
OK. So at four zero nine Libby Street.
Yes, ma'am, that is correct.
OK. Well, thank you so very much for your help.
Thank you, ma'am. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Nope, that'll be it.
OK. Well, thank you so very much for calling Intellibank, you have a wonderful day.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sherry speaking. How may I help you?
Yeah, I need to open a new account. A checking account. I need checks for it, too. Can you do that?
Yeah, I can help you with that. did you want to open a savings account, as well?
No, just a checking checking account.
My other bank has been horrible.
They don't even have an app.
Do you guys have an app?
Why yes, sir we sure do. I'm glad you decided to do your banking with us. let me go ahead and grab your name and we'll get that started.
Then I'll tell you a little bit about what our checking account offers.
Sure, my name is Jacob Lamp. L A M P.
Hello, Mr. Lamp.
so our checking account offers a free debit card that you can use fee free at over six hundred in network ATMs we offer five hundred free checks.
Anything after that is a charge of ten dollars per booklet order. we have free digital and mobile banking.
And we also offer a free savings account if you would like to open one up in the future.
does that all sound good for you, Mr. Lamp?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Great. Let me go ahead and get some info from you and we'll go ahead and get this all started. so, Mr. Lamp, can I have your birthday and social security number.
Yeah, the birth date is going to be three thirteen two thousand and one.
The social security number will be two nine six four two eight eight two zero.
OK. Let me just make sure I have that right. your social security number was two nine six four two eight eight two zero?
Correct.
And may I have your address?
That is going to be nine oh two Garden C T, Cincinnati, Ohio. Five four three ninety-two.
Great. And a phone number to reach you at?
nine one four eight five three zero zero one six.
OK. Thanks. now I'm going to have to have you give me an answer to a security question. out of the three options, would you like to use your mother's maiden name, high school that you attended, or your first pet's name?
Let's go ahead and do the first pet.
And his pet his name is Spot.
OK. I went ahead and put that in for you. you are now all set up.
If you have a pen, I can go ahead and give you your account number .
So you can set up your mobile banking when we get off of the phone.
Great, let me go grab one real quick.
OK.
OK. Sorry, I'm back. What's the number?
OK. No problem. it is zero zero one three five nine zero eight five six.
also, while I'm at it, can I grab your email address?
I can go ahead and send your account number to that.
Also, I can send along with that, our welcome package explaining everything a little bit more in detail for you.
Sure, it's Jacob M Lamp at Hotmail dot com.
OK. I have Jacob M Lamp at Hotmail dot com. Now is that M a capital M or is it a small M?
That is going to be capital.
OK.
Great.
And we have that correct.
Yep.
Three others will also be J Lamp at Gmail. J M L oh oh oh L at Comcast dot com, and Jacob L at A T and T dot com.
Oh. OK. Well, thank you, Mr. Lamp. but if it's OK, I'll just go ahead and use the first one that you gave to me.
And, if you want, you can add the other emails after you log in to the mobile app or you can do it online at our website.
OK, sure, sorry. I wasn't sure if you needed them all or just the one.
That's perfectly fine, Mr. Lamp. I appreciate you being thorough.
OK, well, we're all set.
you're signed up. Welcome to Intellibank. is there anything else I can do for you while we're on the phone?
Nope. That's gonna be it today.
All right. Well go ahead and check your email for your welcome package, and keep an eye out on the mail for your debit card.
It should be arriving within the next seven days.
And again, welcome and thank you for banking with Intellibank. You have a great day.
Thank you, you have a great too.
Bye.
Bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie, how can I help you today?
Hi, how you doing? I'm at a grocery store and the machines are down how am I supposed to pay for this stuff that I'm trying to buy? Can you help me?
Yes sir, I certainly can. It looks like we actually could probably get you to an ATM that way you can pay for your groceries in cash.
Alright, that sound great.
Alright sir, let me look up a couple addresses for you. first can I get your first and last name please?
first name Dale, last name Walker.
Alright Mr Walker, I'm going to need a little bit of information about that location you're calling about. So that I can find the branches of ATM that's closest by you.
Alright.
Alright, sounds good.
OK so can I get that street address please?
yes it's nine six six East Halifax Street.
Alright sir, could you give me the city, state and ZIP code?
OK the city is is Peoria. Peoria. In the north. six one six five six.
Alright sir, so you said nine nine six East Halifax Street in Peoria, Illinois. Six one six five six. Alright, let me let me look this up and see if I can find a couple of branches really close by you.
Yes.
Yes.
Alright.
OK sir. It actually looks like we have one right around the corner. And you actually in walking distance from that location but we also have three more that are located a little further away if you wanted to drive in and purchase your items drive to get the your money and then come back and purchase your items.
Mm
OK so you got two locations close by? Alright I'll take those.
Yup.
OK sir, so the first location is at twelve, Northeast Penn Oak Street.
Penn Oak Street.
Yes, sir. and that is right around the corner from that address probably within walking distance, it looks like, that's actually one of our branches with the ATM located inside the lobby.
All right.
OK and what time do they close?
OK sir, the branch itself is closed already since it's after four, but that lobby area will be closed down around ten p.m..
Ten p.m.. Alright that sound great.
OK sir and that next location we have, we have three more locations that are less than a mile away. But, you know, they're not within walking distance, so you would have to drive to those. OK that next location is at thirteen Buttonwood Drive.
Alright.
Oh OK.
Buttonwood Drive.
Yes sir. That one is about a quarter mile away.
yeah so it's in driving distance and that is actually a twenty-four hour branch location.
All right.
OK.
So that ATM should be available to you for twenty-four hours.
OK are there any transaction fees?
No sir, there's no transactions fees at that ATM.
We do have an ATM outside of our local branch. It does require a transaction fee but it's a little bit closer than these other two that I'm gonna list for you. You wanna have that one as well?
All right.
OK.
Yes, is this walking distance?
Yes sir, that one's in walking distance but it's not at our local branch so if you go to that one the fee will be around two to five dollars for debit. OK.
All right, that's fine.
So that location of that branch is outside of our banking is at seventy-one twenty-four East Middle River Avenue.
Alright. Thank you. That's seventy-one twenty-four East you say River Avenue? OK. I got that.
Yes, sir, East Middle River Avenue.
OK and I'll give the I'll give you these other two locations just in case you wanna you know in in case you pass by these branches and you wanna make a drive there. OK, so this next location is about a half a mile away at six five six North Bohemia Drive.
Alright.
Alright.
That one actually is within a lobby of a branch that's not open right now cuz it's after four but that one's open till ten as well.
OK, I got that.
OK and this next one is actual twenty-four hour branch location with a drive-thru.
All right.
It's at twenty-nine Beach Lane.
OK I got that.
OK, sir.
Alright I've got all of those. You've helped me very much.
man are things going are things going good for you? I bet you get a lot of calls like this I mean I mean helping people.
Yes sir.
Yes, sir. I do have to help a lot of people through the day and that what's keeps my day going pretty well. I like actually being able to help.
Why that's good no but that's good spirit to have.
Right thank you so much sir. Is there anything else I can help you with?
that's about it.
Well thank you so much Mr Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary. How can I help you?
Hi, this is Peter Davis. I'm trying to transfer money. for some reason I got an error.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear about that, Mr. Davis. sometimes that happens when an account is closed. lemme look into that for you. can I get the your name is mm Peter Davis, correct?
Yes.
All right. Do you happen to have your date of birth?
November four, nineteen sixty-eight.
And do you have your driver's license number handy?
No, I lost that.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that. let's see. We have another option for you. How about the last four numbers of your social security?
Yes. Two two zero zero.
Two two zero zero. We have a security passcode on file. Do you happen to know that?
Yep. Marlen.
Marlen. M A R L E N?
Yes.
And this is your savings account, you said?
Yep.
Do you happen to have that account number?
It's five four three two one zero zero, one two three.
Five four three, two one, zero zero one two three?
Yep.
OK. Lemme pull that up right now, Mr. Davis. OK. Just a moment. My screen's running a little slow here. How's your day going?
not a good day today. Too hot.
Aww, I'm sorry to hear that sir. OK, sir. Let me see. And now it looks like, yes, that account is closed. and it looks like you were the one who initiated that closure.
Yes, but there is still money on that account.
Yes, sir. The money remains there until you either come into the bank and get a final check to withdraw all that money.
No I wanna have a transfer to another bank.
OK, sir. We are more than happy to help you with that. just a moment please. Let me go to the next screen. OK, so lemme see. What is the bank you want to transfer that to?
That's the ING bank in Austin, Texas.
OK. ING. Austin, Texas. And do you happen to have your routing number?
yes. That's eight one nine, two two two zero zero.
Eight one nine, two two two, zero zero?
Yes.
And do you have that account number?
Yes. That is I B N.
I B N?
Six five one.
Six five one?
Eight seven one.
Eight seven one?
Two two four five four.
Yeah, well, let's see. Let me repeat all this back to you sir. We've got I B N.
I B A N.
Oh, I B A N?
Yes.
Six five one eight seven one two two, four five four.
Yes.
OK, Mr. Davis. Let me get that set up for you. OK. It looks like you've got about twelve thousand dollars in that account. There is a fee, and you have the option to transfer it within the next twenty-four hours, forty-eight hours, or seventy-two hours. Each time slot has a fee.
And what are the fees?
If you want it in the next twenty-four hours, it's seventy-five dollars. Forty-eight hours, it's fifty, and if you're OK with seventy-two hours, it's twenty-five dollars.
Then we'll have the forty-eight hours, please.
OK, sir. So that will be a fifty dollar charge. And do you want to pay that with your debit card, or would you like us to take that out of your account balance?
Out of the account.
OK, sir. So basically we will be transferring the twelve thousand dollars minus the fifty dollars in service fee. Is that correct, sir?
That is correct. Yes.
OK, give me one second while I get this initiated and produce a confirmation number for you.
can you send me the through mail?
through regular postal mail?
No, email please.
Oh.
Email. OK. Just a moment, sir. let's see. So your confirmation number is A four five two three one seven. And you said you want that via email. Lemme go look to your the screen we have your email on. So Mr. Davis, it looks like your email address is Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com.
Yes.
Correct.
OK, Mr. Davis. What I will do is I will create an email message to you with this confirmation number A four five, two three, one seven. We will also include a statement balance which will show the transfer of the twelve thousand dollars minus the fifty dollar wire transfer fee. that transfer will show up in your new ING account within the next forty-eight hours. If for some reason, you do not see it please give us a call back immediately so we can research that transfer to find out where it could be.
OK, that's fine.
OK, Mr. Davis. What I'll do is I'll send that email over to you right now. If for some reason you do not see it, please check your spam because a lot of times messages end up there.
OK.
Mr. Davis, is there any other information I could provide you? We have some credit cards we offer, we have loans we offer.
No.
I'm fine. I'm fine. Only calling for this.
OK, Mr. Davis. Well, we appreciate your business for the last fifteen years. Is there anything else we can help you with?
No, thank you.
Wonderful, Mr. Davis. Thank you so much for calling us. And we are so happy that you were our customer for the last fifteen years. Let us know if there's anything else we can help you with.
OK, no problem.
Thank you, Mr. Davis. Have a great day.
Same to you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good evening. Thank you for calling Intellibank help hotline service. How may I help you?
yes, hello darling. good evening. I was interested in doing a wire transfer. Can you help me with that today?
Not a problem. May you please state. May you please state your first and last name for me?
sure. My name is Ashley Jones.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Jones. May I have your date of birth please?
sure. Zero four zero four nineteen sixty-five.
Thank you so much for providing that information, and may I also have your social security number? You can just give me the last four digits please.
sure, not a problem. It's four four four four.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Jones, for providing that information.
For security purposes I would need to know the name of the street you grew up on.
that was Chariot Circle.
Thank you so much for providing that information. Now you said you were interested in doing a wire transfer. Is that correct?
yeah, that is correct.
OK. may I have the withdrawal bank account number please?
Sure, that won't be a problem. It's zero zero zero zero nine eight.
Thank you so much for providing that information, and how much money are you looking to withdraw from that account?
To complete your transfer.
I want to do twenty-five hundred.
Not a problem. We can definitely do that, and before we continue, what type of transfer will this be, is this domestic or international?
It's definitely domestic.
OK, perfect. Now, in order to complete this wire transfer I will need the deposit routing number. Do you have that information available?
just give me one brief moment. I gotta grab that out of my stationery.
Not a problem. I'll be waiting.
OK ma'am, I'm back. I'm ready to go ahead and give you that information.
OK, please start off with the routing number please for the deposit.
sure, not a problem. It's five five two zero seven four one one two.
Thank you so much. May I please also have the deposit account number?
sure, that won't be a problem. It's three two one four two three zero zero one.
Thank you so much for providing that information.
As I populate the information in here, I'll let you know once it's been confirmed that the wire transfer is complete. Just give me one brief moment please.
sure, that won't be a problem.
Thank you so much for your patience.
All right, looks like we're able to get your wire transfer completed. Everything should be good to go now.
Oh that's wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Thank you so much for your time.
That's not a problem. Can I help you with anything else?
Yeah. I had a question I wanted to ask you. It just kinda slipped my mind now. Oh that's what it was. how does ordering checks work?
Can you assist me with that?
I surely can. since you have been a customer with us, there will be no charge for ordering checks.
We can have them mailed to your home within the next three to five business days.
I can go off of the address that you have on file. I'll just verify to make sure we have the correct address and then I can have those shipped to your home. Will that work for you?
yeah, that'll work perfectly fine. can you let me know what address you have on file for us?
Sure, not a problem. We have the address one zero seven Avenue Lane and that's in Canton, Georgia. Three zero one one four.
Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Thank you so much for verifying that. OK. I'm gonna go ahead and submit this request, and like I said, it'll take three to five business days for you to receive your checks at your home and there will be no cost for this since you are a customer with good standing account with us.
Oh that's just wonderful. So you said three to five business days, correct?
That's correct. Three to five business days and you will receive your your checks that you have ordered.
Oh that's wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.
I also wanted to mention to you, you can also go on our website at Intellibanking dot com and you're able to go ahead and actually order your checks if you would like.
You can also complete a wire transfer like we just did today, and there's also loan products that we offer. Whatever interests. what's needed in your family and you can check that out as well. Just go ahead and create your own username, create your password.
They may ask different security questions in order for you to access your account. If you have that information in front of you it should be this.
Fairly simple.
Three steps and then you should be able to access your account and you can just monitor making sure your transactions are matching up.
Should there be any sort of error or something you're confused on, just give us a call back and we'll be gladly able to assist you with any issues that may arise.
Do you have any other questions or you need help with anything else?
no, I don't think so. I was able to do my wire transfer fairly quickly and you answered my questions about the checks. So I don't.
Can't think of anything else and if I do come up with anything or think of anything else, I know I can just give y'all a call back and I'm sure y'all will assist me. Is that correct?
That is correct. We'll be gladly able to assist you. Just give us a call.
We're here twenty-four seven.
Morning, noon and night.
Oh well that's great. I'm so glad to see that you guys are able to assist me whenever I need it.
Yes, we're we're we're glad we're able to do the same.
Thank you for calling Intellibank and hope you have a great evening.
You have have the great evening as well. Thank you so much for all your help tonight.
Not a problem. You take care.
You do the same.
Thank you.
Not a problem. Goodbye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. my name is Jackie. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Hi. I'm calling back. I got cut off and I need to update some info I was on the line with the bank like five minutes ago but my phone cut out. I guess bad service. I don't know.
Oh. Yeah no actually I am aware of that. You were speaking to my colleague, Howard over here and I see that in the notes. I'll be able to finish up this request and help you get your information updated. just looking. Yes. shall we get started?
yeah. Let's do that. If I get cut off again what should I do?
right now what I'm doing is taking down notes that you had first spoken to our agent, Howard. you're now speaking to me, Jackie and seeing as how you didn't get far with him then none of no personal information has been put in, I'm going to be putting everything you tell me in the side notes so it'll all be there and you'll only have to answer these questions once. if you do happen to get cut off like you'd expressed concern about, what you'll do is just go ahead and mention both of our names and you should be able to just pick up right from there.
OK. Sounds good.
OK. can you let me know your name and date of birth, please?
Yeah it's Camille Light. That's C A M I L L E Last name Light is spelled L I G H T. And I was born five three eighty-six.
OK. I've got C A M I L L E. Last name L I G H T. I had you born five three. Miss Light, could you repeat back the year you were born, please?
Eighty-six.
OK. So five three eighty-six. Great. And what is your account number?
It's five four three two four five four two four five.
OK. Four five four three two four five four two four five. thanks for that and I also need to ask you your security question. what is your mother's maiden name?
that would be Jackson.
OK. Great. And lastly I just need the last four of your social.
OK. It's seven six eight nine.
OK. Great. I am in. I have verified all of your info and I have your account up here. this Camille, what information do you need me to update for you here in your account?
OK. I just need you to update my phone number. I just got a new phone. what's the number you have on file? Also do you have information on inline banking you can send me?
Oh. Yeah. I assume you mean online banking. first of all to send you some information about that online banking I'll send it to the email address I have for you here on file. Just want to confirm with you that's C A M L I G H T double oh seven at Gmail dot com. So that's Cam Light oh oh seven at Gmail. Is that right?
That's correct.
Awesome. thanks. Now the phone number I have on file for you is four four three two two one four four five three.
OK. Yeah. So let's update that to oh gosh. I don't even know my new phone number. Let me look at my phone. I just got it yesterday. All right. I'm just searching in my phone. OK. Yeah. Here it is. I found it on the receipt. Are you ready?
Yes. Yes, Miss Light. I'm ready whenever you are. Just take your time.
OK. It's eight eight three three three two three four four three.
All right. I am updating that information right now as we speak. Eight eight three three three two three four four three. OK. Yep. You are all set.
I appreciate it.
All right. Miss Light. Thank you for being a valued custer of Intellibank. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nope. I'm all good. Thanks for your help.
All right. Awesome. Thanks so much. Bye bye now.
Bye.
Good evening. Thank you for calling Intel banking help hotline. How may I help you?
yeah hi, good evening. I was interested in doing a wire transfer. Can you assist me with that tonight?
Sure not a problem. I'd be gladly able to assist you. In order to begin may I please have your first and last name?
sure, my name is Sharon Stone.
OK Mrs. Stone. Wonderful. May I please have your date of birth?
sure it's zero one zero one nineteen sixty-five.
Thank you so much Mrs. Stone. Now in order to continue with the wire transfer, can you please verify the last four digits of your social?
sure that won't be a problem. That's forty-five forty-five.
Thank you so much for verifying that for me Mrs. Stone. And for security purposes can you please state your mother's maiden name?
yeah that was Smith.
OK thank you so much for verifying that Mrs. Stone. In order to complete your wire transfer, I will need your withdraw bank account number. Do you have that available?
can you just give me one brief moment? I have to grab that out of my purse.
Sure not a problem Mrs. Stone. Whenever you're ready.
Thank you so much. OK I'm ready.
OK go ahead.
The account number is for the withdraw bank account is eight nine zero zero zero one.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Stone. And how much money are you looking to transfer over?
I would like to do one thousand dollars, please.
Not a problem Mrs. Stone. Will this be considered a domestic or international transfer?
This will be a domestic transfer please.
OK not a problem. May I please have the deposit routing number?
sure not a problem. It's one one two seven four zero two five five.
Wonderful, wonderful. May I please also have the deposit account number?
sure, not a problem. That's two three one four one two three four five zero one.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Stone for providing that information. Just give me one brief moment as I calculate this and put this in our system.
Not a problem. I'll be waiting.
Thank you Mrs. Stone, for your patience. I was able to verify that information and got you ready to go with your wire transfer. There's anything else you need help with today?
yeah I was interested in doing setting up for the online banking. How does that work?
Well, simply just go on to our website. Intellibanking dot com. Once that populates, you will see a username and password. You will create your own username your own password. There may be some curity security questions you will have to answer. Put that into the system. And then once you do that, and you verify information that is needed from the website, you will be able to access your account. You can also do wire transfers from using that website. You can also check your transactions. And things of that nature.
Oh that's just wonderful wonderful wonderful. I'm so glad y'all have that offer. Do y'all offer any sort of credit cards?
Yes, we sure do, Mrs. Stone. And we offer cash backs and rewards systems as well. If you go on that website it'll detail everything and break everything down for you to see exactly what you're looking for and work what's best for your family.
Oh that's just wonderful, thank you so much for explaining that for me. can you by chance is there a local branch that has twenty-four hour ATM services near my home?
I can look that up for you Mrs. Stone, if you give me your address.
sure not a problem. It's nine oh four Avenue Way and that's in West Palm Beach, Florida.
OK Mrs. Stone. I was able to find two local branches' that have twenty-four hour ATMs. There's a drive-thru ATM, and there's a one convenient ATM inside our branch. You are able to access those ATMs twenty-four hours.
Oh that's just wonderful wonderful wonderful, great great great. I'm so glad that you all have that as well. I was going to ask you another question but it slipped my mind, once again.
not a problem Mrs. Stone. Not a problem at all.
Oh yeah that was it Can you also verify the store hours or the branch hours as well?
Sure, not a problem Mrs. Stone. That branch at that address is open from Monday through Friday from eight a.m. to five p.m.. Saturday and Sunday they're open from twelve p.m. to five p.m..
Oh, that's just great. Cuz it's not too far from my home so I can take care of all my banking needs, if necessary.
Yep that's correct Mrs. Stone. Whenever you need help, just go ahead and visit your local branch and I'm sure they'll be able to assist you.
Oh that's just wonderful. Thank you so much. I appreciate your time and all your efforts.
And not a problem, Mrs. Stone. Do you have any other questions?
no other questions, darling. Thank you so much for your time.
Not a problem, Mrs. Stone. You have a great evening.
You do the same.
Thank you for banking with Intellibanking, have a great evening.
You do the same, darling.
Thank you so much. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Tabitha. How can I help you?
Hey, Tabitha. How you doing? Please help me because I I need an ATM that I'm not gonna be charged fees for. And I'm like, you would think Google can help. But it can't help.
OK, well, what what is your first and last name?
my first name is Nicholas.
OK.
And my last name is Monroe.
Can you spell that for me, please?
Nicholas is N I C H O L A S.
OK.
And Monroe is M O N R O E.
OK, great. And what is your date of birth?
Twelve twenty-four. I was almost a Christmas baby.
Oh, wow. And what year?
nineteen ninety-one.
Nice. OK, and do you happen to have your bank card on you, if I can get get that number from you?
Ooh, can you hang on one second? I'm actually driving. Lemme lemme pull over. I'm gonna be coming up to a red light. Lemme just pull over for a second. And I. And I'll. Let me get my wallet out, and I'll give that. All that to you. hang on one second, please.
Absolutely.
Nicholas. No problem.
OK, I'm I'm back. Are are you ready?
Yes. Whenever you're ready.
OK, the number is four zero eight five.
Mhm.
Five five four four.
OK.
Oh oh.
Mhm.
One one.
Mhm.
Seven zero zero six.
OK, perfect. OK, and when you get a chance, oh, can you please give me your address and the city and state that you live in?
OK, the address is two oh six.
Mhm.
Locust Lane.
OK.
Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. And the ZIP code is one nine oh eight two.
OK. All right, so let's see. So you said you don't want. You want it to be an Intellibank. You don't want it to be the closest ATM, necessarily. Because there is a close ATM right around the corner. But it's Traditional Bank. And they do charge a three dollar fee.
Yeah, you see? That drives me nuts. I I I I hate being charged money to take my own money out. I I'd rather drive the extra mile or two just to save the three dollars.
Yeah.
Mhm.
You would? OK. All right, awesome. OK, so let me just check here. OK, there is an Intellibank ten blocks from your location. And it's free of. You know, it's free to withdraw. And also just to let you know though, there is a five hundred dollar a day ATM withdrawal cutoff. So is that gonna be a problem for you, do you think?
no. See, that will work perfect. This is why I love Intellibank.
I'm sorry. It's Intellibank .
Oh, so it's Intellibank?
Yes.
Oh, I've been saying Intelli for the last few years. I'm sorry.
Oh, a lot of people make that mistake. But, you know, I just wanted you to know the correct name of your bank, is Intellibank.
OK. OK.
So I just didn't know if I it is is is totally good for for me. But another big question is can I make a deposit. Because I noticed a few times I've gone, and I don't know if it was like ATMs I went to that were not Intellibank ATMs that I couldn't make a deposit, or will I be able to make a deposit? I need to make a. Make a deposit and a withdrawal at the same time today.
Mhm.
OK.
Yes, absolutely you can. You can deposit cash or checks, and no problem, right into the ATM. You don't you don't have to go into the bank. You don't have to leave your car. So, yeah, we do provide that for you at all of our ATMs. And they do have other locations. If you're interested, I could email them to you if you want a list of all the ATMs in you area, like maybe within a. Maybe a five mile radius. Is that too far for you?
It's not. I mean, yeah, I appreciate that. But you you wrote. I mean, you don't have to go through all that trouble. I was just you know, at this point, I I I. For some reason, it was just irking me that I was doing this Google search. And I just couldn't find what I needed. And I figured I would just be better off just calling customer service and getting somebody like you, Tabitha, and being able to direct support and help I needed.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Aww, thank you so much. That's what we're here for any time and we also have. We offer like online services if you're interested in that. We have where, you know, I don't know if you have like autopay for your bills. There's a lot of different features that we offer to our customers. I don't know if you take advantage of that. If you ever want to call and and find out more, we're happy to help you with that.
We'll the one thing I do want to find out. I I mean, you're helping me already with this location. But I keep hearing about a travel card, a travel card, a travel card. What what actually is it really worth it? Is is it a good thing? I keep hearing great things about it. I do a lot of traveling. Will it benefit me at the end of the day?
OK, yeah, those are called traveler's cards.
Oh, see? I don't know what bank I'm going to. Is it Intel? Intellibank? Or is it travel, traveler's card?
And.
You're fine. yeah, so those cards, say that you are, you know, going to be going out of state, out of the country, it's a special card that you would activate where we would put your money on that card. It would be protected from any identity theft. You would be free to just use that. You know, because sometimes when people go out of state or out of country and they forget to tell us that they're traveling, we might red flag your card, your regular bank card. So this is specifically you have your traveler's card, and we know that you are traveling. And it's very convenient. We can mail you one, and you can set it up all online. Or you can. We can mail you one, and then you can call back and set it up with us over the phone. If you're interested in something like that, I can. I can set that up for you.
So pretty much, it's basically like a personal gift card out of my own account while I'm travelling.
Yeah, that's a great way. That's actually a great way to put it, Nicholas. Yeah.
All right.
All right, so did you want me to sign you up for that?
Yeah, please. I'm definitely gonna need that.
OK.
OK, so I have your address. if you just like would confirm the address one last time so I make sure that I have it correct.
It's
Two oh six.
Mhm.
Locust Lane in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. And the ZIP is one nine oh eight two.
OK, so I will go in and set everything up for you. And I'll have that mailed out to your home. And as I said, there will be instructions with it where you can set it up online yourself. Or you can call us back, and we'd be happy to help you with that. And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Perfect.
Nope. And just real quick, just the address for the ATM.
Oh, right. OK. I'm so sorry. It's one oh seven six Miranda Avenue. Are you familiar with that?
I
I know exactly where that's at.
OK. Perfect. All right, anything else, Nicholas?
That's it.
Oh, have a great day. And call us back anytime. We're here to help.
Thank you so much, Tabitha.
Care. Bye bye.
Hello. This is Angela. What would you like assistance with?
I would like to report a stolen card. A man snatched my purse out of my hand and managed to find my credit card. Then he ran off with it.
I'm so sorry that that happened to you. I'll do my best to help you. What is your first and last name?
My first name is Carolina and my last name is Garcia.
What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is February nineteen nineteen ninety-five.
Wonderful thank you. What is the last four digits of your social security number?
It is nine five zero six.
OK. I have to ask you a security question. This will be done in order to verify your identity. What is the nickname people call you?
The answer for that is Carol with the C being capitalized.
It's the correct answer.
Do you need more information? How much longer will the process take to report my stolen card? I'm still feeling very nervous so I apologize.
I understand. No worries. I would be pretty scared and stressed out too if someone stole my card. Yes I still need more information order to properly help you. This process will take a few more minutes.
OK. Thank you for your patient.
Of course. What is your credit card number?
My credit card number is five four zero nine six five eight seven three four six two five seven three three.
What is the date for when your credit card was stolen?
It happened today October the twelfth just a few minutes ago.
What is the name of the business where you last used the credit card?
I don't remember. I believe it was a retro fashion store in Las Vegas Nevada.
OK. This report is complete. Thank you for alerting Intellibank as soon as you could. This should be resolved within two to three business days.
I cannot believe it. So many bad things keep happening to me. I lost my job. My dog isn't eating properly. And I have to pay my bill within one day.
I'm so sorry Carolina. I hope things will get better for you.
Thank you Angela. That means a lot to me.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
At the moment no. But I do have some other questions.
That's fine. What are the questions?
How long does it take to get a new credit card delivered to your to you via in?
Do you mean by mail instead?
Yes.
OK. It should take about seven to nine business days for a new credit card to be delivered to the address we have on file for you.
Oh that is such a long time. I guess I cannot do much about it.
Sorry. I understand the need to have a credit card now. Unfortunately it will take a little longer than you would like. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I'm fine. Thank you for your help with the stolen card report.
Have a nice day Carolina.
Thank you Angela.
Oh by the way. I can talk to you about like how much it would be in order to get a new card within a faster process. So let me explain to you how that goes. When it comes to applying for a credit card we do charge a small maybe fifteen dollars to twenty dollars if you want to receive the card faster. And in regards to it being stolen you do get like you would get it at a lesser rate in terms of how much you would be charged for the card. Because normally you would have to pay maybe or actually sixty dollars for a new card. But since it's stolen it's discounted. Would you like to receive a new card by taking advantage of the faster option?
Yes I would like it.
I see. OK. Would you like to do this now or another time?
another time.
Oh can you say that again?
Another time.
OK. I understand. Well have a nice day Carolina OK?
OK. Have a nice day.
It's a good day today at Intellibank. My name is Crystal, who am I speaking with today?
Yes, my name is James Frank.
Hello Mr. Frank. How may I help you?
I would like to man an internal transfer.
OK, great. I can help you with that. May I please get your bank account number and the name on the account?
yes. It, the name on the account is James Frank. give me one second while I look up the account number.
Yes, no problem sir. Take your time.
while I am looking for that how are you doing today?
I'm doing well. thank you for asking. How's everything on your end?
it's, it's OK. It's a little bit rainy outside today. But otherwise it's OK. How bout where you are?
actually it's sunshine and pretty warm here in Texas, so can't really complain.
That sounds good. so my account number is eight zero five seven eight four five three eight nine five zero six one.
Thank you very much. Let me just put this in.
OK, Mr. Frank can you please verify the last four numbers of your social security ID?
yes. Zero zero five five.
All right sir, and you looking to do an internal transfer. what account will you be initiating the transfer from?
I'll be imitating the transfer from my savings.
OK, sir.
And the savings is ending in zero six six?
yes it is.
OK, great. and will you be making the transfer to your checking?
Yes, I will.
All right. And how much will the transfer amount be?
It will be for three thousand.
All right.
Oh, no. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's actually going to be for thirty-five hundred.
OK. No problem. Thirty-five hundred.
All right, sir. So I am setting up an internal transfer from your savings account ending in zero six six to your checking account ending in zero six one. Is that information correct?
yes it is.
OK, sir. Give me one moment here. I'm going to place you on a brief hold while I get this processed.
OK. No problem. Thank you.
All right, thank you. Hang on one second.
Mr. Frank, thank you so much for holding. I have processed your internal transfer. In the amount of three thousand five hundred dollars from your savings account in to your checking account.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
yes. can you tell me what my remaining balance is on my checking account.
yes sir, I can. So you have eighty-four thousand five hundred and sixty dollars and sixty-five cents.
OK. OK. Thank you, very much.
Yes, sir. No problem. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
no, I believe that is it.
Well, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. please us know if there is anything else that we can do for you. after I hang up you are going to be transferred to a survey. It should only take about one to two minutes. are you interested in completing the survey today?
how long did you say it was going to be?
yes, it only takes about one to two minutes.
yeah, that's fine. I can, I can do the survey.
OK, great.
Well, again thank you for calling in to Intellibank. you will be transferred to the survey now. and I hope that you have a good rest of your day, OK.
yes, thank you so much. you have a great day as well, Crystal.
OK, great sir. Just hang on one second and you will be transferred to the survey. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello. My name's Josie with Intellibank. How may I help you, s~.
Hi, Josie. I'm looking to go out tonight with my with my friends, and I need some cash.
Oh, OK. are you looking for an ATM?
yes, ma'am. where can I find the nearest ATM? And could you also tell me if that ATM location, if there's also a banking institution with Intelligence Bank?
Oh, well, did you mean Intellibank?
yes, ma'am. I Intellibank.
Oh, OK. I just. I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure that you're calling the right bank. Thank you very much. so you're looking for an ATM and to understand if there is a branch located nearby?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, one moment. can you give me your address where you're located?
yes. across the street from me is a a Walmart. But I think my address is around twelve hundred Vassal Drive in Austin, Texas.
OK, twelve hundred Vassal Drive. Can you spell the street name?
Sure. it's Vassal, V A S S A L.
Vassal Drive. Thank you. And that's in Austin, Texas. Understood. One moment. And let me look that up, and I'll see if I can find a branch nearby. OK, sir. I did find one. it's about five miles away, not to far from you. There is not a branch nearby. would you like that address?
yes, please.
OK. do you have something to write with, sir?
give me a moment. here we are. All right, I got a pen in hand. I'm ready.
OK.
Thank you, sir. the address is forty-four Cherry Wood Way. That is in Austin. It looks like it is two miles away from your location right now. I should advise you, there is not a branch location there. It is just an ATM. if you are also looking, there is another location that's actually a little bit closer. It's at one twenty-two Smithville. And it is not one of our own ATMs. they will charge you a three percent fee for withdrawals and their withdrawal limit is five hundred dollars. ours is two hundred dollars. but we will not charge you a three percent fee for that.
OK, thank you. that's that's within walking distance for me. I'll I'll I'll head to y'alls ATM.
Excellent. Is there anything else I can do for you sir?
sure. while I'm at it, would you mind if I check the balance of my checking account since I'm about to spend a whole lot of money? I actually lost this bet with my friend that Andrew. Andrew Custimore was going to win the boxing tournament, right? And it turns out, Mr. Custimore lost against Muhammad Bali. And so anyway, the since I'm the loser, I have to buy him a a nice steak dinner. So but anyway, I I'm I'm rambling. Sorry about that.
I'd be happy to look up your balance, sir. could you give me your account number?
yes, it's. One moment, please. I got it written down in my wallet somewhere. Oh, OK. I found it. My bad. it's nine zero zero one five five.
Thank you. nine zero zero one five five. Is that correct, sir?
yes. And if you need my driver's license number as well, it's two four six five six nine seven.
Thank you. One moment. Let me pull up that account. OK, could I get your first and last name, sir?
yes. It's John Smith. And just in case you need it, I was born on March twentieth, nineteen ninety seven.
Thank you, Mr. Smith. One moment, please. Let me look up your account. OK, I have your information here. May I also get your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Jeffries.
That is what we have on file. Thank you for confirming that. Mr. Smith, I see a balance of nine thousand two hundred and twenty-two dollars and fifteen cents. that is in your checking account. Would you also like a balance in. From your savings account?
no, that'll be fine. so I got nine thousand dollars? OK, I think that I think that should be enough to quell this gambling dispute, don't you think?
Sounds good to me, sir. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
that'll be it, Josie. You've been a wonderful help. Thank you.
All right, have a wonderful evening.
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Amanda. What can I do for you today?
Oh. Oh, Amanda, yep. Oh I'm here, hang on. Hello Amanda. How are you doing today?
I'm OK, sir. How are you doing today?
Oh, I've been better, I've been better. I think my wallet got stolen today and I had my credit card in it, and I was kinda need to get a new credit card, or get that one canceled. I'm not sure what to do. But I got this phone number off the back of the paper where I signed up at. Thought I'd give you a call and see if you could maybe help me out with this.
OK, sure, I can definitely help you out with that. I just need a few pieces of information to verify your account before I can, before I can report your card stolen. Let's start with your name, first and last please.
Kim Christnsen.
Could you spell that last name for me please?
C H R I S T N S E N, Christnsen.
OK, and date of birth?
Date of birth is gonna be ten, eight, nineteen sixty-two.
All right, how about your account number?
Aww sheesh. I do believe this is correct. It's zero zero two three eight eight five, one one five.
All right. And I see a security question on the account. Oh, I'm sorry, there's two security questions here. What was the name of your first dog?
Well, that would've been Fred.
Fred. That's what I got. OK. So, what is the credit card number of the credit card that you would like to report stolen or lost?
Credit card number. Let's see. All right, that would've been eight four eight eight zero zero, four one, zero zero, four nine five eight eight five.
Eight eight five. Let me know, I'm gonna read this back to you just to make sure I got this right. It's eight four, eight eight zero zero four one, zero zero four nine, five eight eight five. Right?
Yeah, that's correct.
OK. And you, did your wallet get stolen just today?
Yeah, it did. I went, I went down here to the Piggly Wiggly, and they got away with it.
Piggly~.
Set it down on the corner of the counter and I think I turned around and turned my back for a minute I was talking to the lady next to me instead of doing what I was supposed to do, and I was flirting and seemed to have misplaced it for a second too long. Somebody picked it up and run off with it.
Oh goodness.
Unfortunately.
So it's it was my fault, being distracted by a pretty lady. You know how that goes sometimes.
Did you report it stolen?
this no I'm just calling you first, I need to need to get the police next.
To the police?
OK. So you said the name of the of the of the place you were at when it was taken, is that the place of your most recent transaction that you recall doing?
Yeah, I believe so. I just ordered, ordered some food there and and paid for it at the Piggly Wiggly with that card, and I set my wallet down and and turned my back to talk to this gal. I got distracted by a pretty girl, wasn't paying attention to what I was supposed to like saying. And I turned back around, I thought I had it in my hand, and I didn't, and my wallet was gone.
Don't know when. Pretty girls will do that to ya.
OK. what was the amount of the last transaction that you ran on your card?
I believe it was thirteen dollars and fifty six cents.
And that is the last transaction I see on here, that's good. So it hasn't been used yet. All right, I'm gonna turn this report over to an, a manager who can cancel your card. I would like to send you a new card. Where should I send that card to?
Well, let's see. I wanna put it in a different address. I wanna, I wanna put it in a PO box address in a I think I'd better put in a phone number too. I need to change that.
OK, OK. Let let's do one at a time here. so the address that I have on file, you wanna change to a PO box?
If you don't mind this.
Yeah.
OK, so what is the PO box you'd like to change it to?
Put, put PO Box nineteen ninety-six Evanston, Wyoming eight two nine three oh.
OK. So it's PO Box nineteen ninety-six in Evanston Wyoming eight two nine three zero, right?
Yeah.
OK. And, and the phone number that you wanted to change you want to change that on the account?
Yeah don't you wanna put my name on it?
I've got your name, sir.
Oh, OK. Just wanna make sure. All right, yeah, the phone number for it's gonna be three oh seven seven eight oh.
Uh-huh.
Seven eight oh one.
Seven eight oh one. OK. I've got that done.
OK, so this cancel's gonna occur immediately, you're not gonna be able to use the old card if for some reason you find it, or it gets returned to you. You won't be able to use it again.
OK.
the new card will be delivered to your PO box within forty-eight to seventy-two hours. If you don't see the transmission, or the email, the, I'm sorry. The, the letter with your new card show up in the next seventy-two hours, give us a call back, and we can make sure to track it down and make sure it's not going to somewhere it shouldn't be. And when you receive your card, you will need to call the number on the back of the card to activate it.
OK.
OK.
And follow the instructions on the~
You have.
You have Kim Christianson on the front of it, correct?
Yes sir. Yes there will be your name right there on the front.
OK.
OK. And is OK. How long do you figure it'll be til I might get this card?
Forty-eight to seventy-two hours, it should be delivered. And if it's not to your PO box in forty-eight to seventy-two hours, give us a call back, and we'll track it down and make sure it's headed to the right place.
OK OK, I appreciate your . I'm getting a little older and I kinda forget some of these things, so. Got, gotta ask you a couple times to get the information correct. And I did put the new number, phone number down on it and the new address, correct? We're good there. All right.
Yes.
Is there anything else I can do for you Mr. Christiansen?
No, I, I, I think I've got it. Think I've got it this time. I'll keep it closer to my pocket and won't let it lay on the counter next time.
Yeah, yeah that would
Pretty, pretty.
Pretty girls or not, I don't wanna lose another one.
Yeah.
OK. OK, thanks for calling Intellibank.
I, I.
Have.
A wonderful day!
Appreciate your help very much, and your patience.
You're welcome, no problem.
I'm not the best at it, but I appreciate your help very much. Bye bye now.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Pat speaking. Who'd I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hey, Smith.
I'm listening. What can I do for you?
Well, I got this little post card in the mail about being able to access my money in thousands of locations what's that about?
OK.
You must be referring to our new ATM network where you can now use your debit card to access the make a withdrawal any ATM that's it within that network.
OK. So what do I look for cause I know right there's not a whole lot of bank branches around me where I live cuz I moved. So this means that I don't have to go into Walmart now and do cashback. Oh, thank goodness.
That's right.
So you can we are actually sending you a new debit card that's gonna have the symbols of all of the new network on on the back and you just look at that one and it will link up or you can go on our mobile app and type in your address or hit find my location, and that will show you the newest ATM to you.
OK.
Or I can point you to one that's closest to you now.
Well I've got the mobile app. And I'll probably just go ahead and use that because I think I could get directions straight from it. Yeah, I'm new to this new place, anyways. So what about fees? What do they do with those cause I know you when I lived in Alabama we had locations you everywhere and I didn't have to worry about those new fees because I was always using you Intellibank's ATMs but so what what's like the fees like if I if I don't use an Intellibank?
OK, so we won't charge you a fee for any Intellibank ATM that you use or any other banking institution ATM that you may use. They, however, may charge a fee which they will advise you of before you withdraw your money from from their ATM
OK.
You'll have to agree to whatever fee that they charge but there will not be a second charge from us. It'll just be whatever they charge and for the most part with this network, there are no fees.
OK, well pull don't you guys have a higher tier checking where if I have like a twenty amount percent and like a high balance though right something something.
Yes, ma'am, we have a money market account so where if you have a daily balance of above five thousand dollars there are no fees of any kind associated with that account as long as the daily balance remains above five thousand.
OK let's go ahead I need to check my savings and checking balances.
OK, and what is your date of birth?
Oh, yes, I'm sorry anyways it's March twenty-fifth nineteen seventy-four.
And your checking account number?
Hang on just a second, I'll have to find that cute little card I keep in my wallet I like how you guys dot the I on Intellibank with a brain. It's so cute. OK account number six seven four three two two zero zero five.
All right, and now I'm showing the balance on that is six thousand three hundred twenty-four dollars and thirty-two cents.
OK.
Did you also want to check your savings account?
Yeah, let's do that and hold on, it's the it is the same as the others but the the the the suffix is zero zero one.
What's the number?
OK, now I'm showing that balance is eighteen thousand four hundred eighty-five dollars and fifty-three cents.
OK, so what are we gonna do to go I want to start that money market account and I know I got enough in my account already but I wanna leave it a cushion for maybe maybe lift two thousand out of my savings and put that into that new account along with the balance of my checking just rollover or do I get a brand new account, I don't I don't know how on any of this works.
I'm actually gonna have a financial advisor contact you to set that up because they do need to get some more detailed information from you.
OK.
And what's the best number for them to call you back at?
Oh, yeah yeah yeah so I haven't my cell number since forty-three four two eight five forty-four seventy-four
All right.
And I have your email address as Katie Smith seventy-four at Gmail dot com?
That's it.
All right, miss Smith I will have them reach out to you yeah probably within the next hour, does that work for you?
Perfect. By that point, I should already have gotten to the ATM and got my cash out.
OK, did you need the address for that?
no, I'm just gonna go ahead and use the app. I saw some Girl Scouts out in front of Walmart and it's time for me to go ahead and stock up on some cookies.
All right, well is there anything else that I can help you with today, Miss Smith?
No, I think that sums it up. I can't wait to get that new account switched over.
All right, I will have them reach out to you within the next hour.
You have a great day, we appreciate your business.
you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Madeline. How can I help you?
Yes, hi. Good evening. I'm needing some help with my account, please.
OK. What's going on?
Oh. How is the weather there?
The weather? Oh it's great. It's bright, sunny, warm. How is the weather where you're at?
Oh! It's just been raining and raining. It's been raining cats and dogs all day. All last night. That's all it's been doing. It's just been raining and raining and raining. You know and then I've moved so many times. this is like I think like the third time I've moved. Every time I've moved I really haven't liked where I was before. But this time I think this is my last address that I'm going to be moving to. I think . I moved to the country. I moved to the country where my dogs can run, and just run and exercise. Yeah. I moved to the country. I think this will be a good one. I think this is a good one. Yeah.
OK.
Well so you've moved. So what you're needing is to update your. Your street address on file? Is that what it is?
Yes, yes. That's what it is. Thank you.
Oh, OK.
You're welcome. Not a problem. All right. I can go. Definitely assist you with doing that. can I get your first and last name, please?
Yes. My name is Anastasia Hoffmann.
Thank you, Miss Hoffmann. Can you go ahead and just confirm the spelling of your last name, please?
H O F F M A N N.
Thank you. And what is your account number?
It is four four three two one zero nine seven eight.
Thank you. And I'm gonna go ahead and ask you just one final question. Just to confirm your account information. so it's gonna be one of your security questions. I'm gonna just. Just gonna choose a random one here. what is the last name of your mother's maiden name?
Pedro.
Pedro. Perfect. OK so let's go ahead and get over here real quick so I can update your account. And what is your new street address, please?
OK it's one two three four Country Road four four five.
OK, so is that going to be an addition to it? So four four five is. It. Do you abbreviate that as CR?
Well, you
Can. You can abbreviate it to CR four four five.
OK, and is there going to be a PO box or a mailbox number in this?
Just the one two three four CR four four five.
Thank you. And what city is this?
This Naugatuck.
Oh OK. So can you go ahead and spell that for me, please, so I can confirm that it's correct?
Oh certainly. I had a problem with it in the beginning, also. It's N A U G A T U C K.
Mhm.
And what's the what state is this in, please?
Connecticut. That's why it's raining so much here.
Connecticut.
OK. And your ZIP.
Zero six seven seven zero.
OK. And did your phone number change as well?
No. Everything else is the same.
Thank you. OK so we have your new address on file here. Now did you know that we have the ability for you to change this online? do you happen to have an online account with us?
You know, no I don't. So you mean if I did it online I won't have to worry about holding and speaking to someone? I can do this myself?
Yes, actually you can. You can also change your phone number if you ever decide to change that. You can also go ahead and add an email address. Get added to our online messaging boards. You can also open and close accounts you can buy certain financial information. You know, upgrades to your account, such as Bitcoin. Or stocks, bonds, do trading. Everything that you would do in a regular bank you would do online.
Oh!
Really? And you guys do that Bitcoin stuff too, huh?
Yes, we do. We've started that.
Oh, that.
And that's real?
It is real, ma'am.
Oh. That is. That is cool. I've heard about that Bitcoin thing.
Yes. So we do have the ability for you to do that as well. And you can do trading on your regular stocks and bonds as well And you know. We also offer other financial information, such as like life insurance and death insurance. Burial insurance.
Mhm.
You guys do everything, huh? Wow! One stop shop.
Yes, we do.
Yes it is, ma'am. So we. You know. If you would like I can go ahead and assist you in setting up an online account.
OK. Let's do this.
OK. So what's your email address, please?
My email address is A N A H O F F at Z mail dot com.
Z like zebra?
Yes.
OK. And do you want to go ahead and choose a password? Or would you like me to set up one for you?
Well, why don't I just choose my own? This way I will remember it.
OK. What is that?
This is great eight exclamation.
OK. So, for security reasons we do suggest that you have a capital letter and then a special character as well as the number. So you do have a number in there. what do you want to go ahead and. Which one of your letters would you like to capitalize?
The T.
The T? OK, and special character?
It was the exclamation.
Exclamation point. Perfect. OK. We have that set up. I'm going to go ahead and send you a test email real quick. Are you near your computer?
just a minute. Let me go open it up. I don't have it on. Because you know. Since I just moved I only just got the internet hooked up.
OK.
Not a problem. And I understand that about moving.
OK. Let's turn this thing on. Just. Just give me a few minutes. You know we're out in the country, so the internet is a little bit slow. So it's warming up. Yeah, it's coming. OK. It's thinking. I. OK. OK, here it is. Yes.
OK. All right. So go ahead and save that email. you can always open up the secure attachment that I sent you. That has your confirmation of your online account information.
OK. Hey, this. This is pretty good. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No. I think I'm good for the moment. Yes. I'm gonna play around on your website a little bit here.
OK.
Sure. Get yourself familiar with it, OK?
OK, will do.
All right. Well then, thank you so much for calling today at Intellibank. Miss Hoffmann, I hope you have a great evening and that it stops raining for you soon.
OK, thank you very much. You too.
Mm, thanks. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thanks for calling Intel Banking helpline. How may I help you?
Hi there darling. Good afternoon. I was calling to see how can I also possibly order some checks through your bank please?
sure I'll be gladly be be able to assist you with that. May I please have your first and last name?
My name is Ashley Stewart.
OK thank you Mrs. Stewart. May I please also have your address please.
Sure not a problem. That's three thousand one Oxville Lane.
OK may I have the city you live in and state please.
That's in Pen~. I was. Lancaster Pennsylvania.
OK thank you so much for providing that information Mrs. Stewart. And you said you wanted to order checks. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct. And will there be a charge for ordering the checks over the phone with you?
not today. There will not be any charges. if you're a customer with us it's free of charge.
OK now how does that actually work? Will you all mail me my checks in the mail? Or will I have to come in and pick them up?
We actually mail out the checks. Just as long as your three thousand and one still checks out we will mail those out to you. And it should be there within the next three to five business days and you should be able to receive your checks from us.
Oh that's wonderful. Thank you so much. I got some things to get taken care of and I need some new checks.
I understand that. Not a problem Mrs. Stewart. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well yeah actually. I wanted to do a a internal transfer. Do you all do that at that bank?
Yes we sure do Mrs. Stewart. How may I assist you with that?
Well I wanted to take some money out of my my savings and put it into my checking.
not a problem Mrs. Stewart. I'll gladly be able to assist you with that. Can you please verify your account number? Or can you please give me your last four I apologize digits of your social.
Sure not a problem. I don't have my account information in front of me. But I'll just go ahead and give you the last four digits of my social. And that is twenty-nine twenty-nine.
Thank you so much for providing that Mrs. Stewart. OK. you said that you wanted to move money out of your savings and put it into your checking. Is that correct?
Yes that's right. I'd like to move money out of my savings account and put that into my checking account.
OK so so your savings to your checking. Not a problem. OK. Mrs. Stewart how much money are you looking looking to transfer?
I was looking to transfer three thousand dollars from my savings to my checkings please.
Oh sure we can definitely do that. three thousand dollars and that that will not be an issue at all. in order to go ahead and do that over the phone with you today I'll need you to verify the last transactions that took place with your checking account with us. And also your savings account with us. Will you be able to do that for me?
Oh sure not a problem. I'll start off with my checking account because that's the last one I used today. We were at Albertson's and I spent about fifty dollars.
OK I see that Mrs. Stewart. Thank you so much. Can you provide your last transactions on your savings account with us?
Sure sure sure. It was just it was a deposit that was five thousand dollars. And that was on Wednesday between the hours of like six and five p.m..
Yes I see that Mrs. Stewart. Thank you for validating that information. We will be able to do your internal transfer today over the phone.
Oh that's wonderful. I'm so glad to hear that.
Alright Mrs. Stewart. Just give me one brief moment. I'll be able to transfer over the three thousand dollars over from your savings to your checking. Is that correct?
That is correct. I'd like to transfer three thousand over from my savings to my checkings.
Alright not a problem Mrs. Stewart. Just give me one brief moment and I'll be able to transfer the funds.
Thank you so much.
OK Mrs. Stewart. I was able to transfer the three thousand dollars over from your savings account to your checking account.
Thank you so much. How long will that take to postdate on my account?
we take about twenty-four to forty-eight hours for it to be post dated.
Oh that's wonderful wonderful wonderful.
Mrs. Stewart can I give you some tips and advice. We also have an online banking where you can actually do your internal transfer from the comfort of your own home or wherever you might be.
Oh really? can you possibly give me the website so I can sign up for that?
Sure not a problem. It's Intel Banking dot com. Once that populates you'll see new new member. Create your own username and password. And it'll populate everything in there. They may ask for certain documentation such as maybe your social or account number. And then that way they can pull up everything that's all your accounts that you have with us.
Oh that's easy and wonderful. Thank you so much for giving me giving me that website. I'll definitely do that after we hang up today.
Not a problem Mrs. Stewart. As soon as you log in you just put in your username. Create your own username your own password. And everything is free of charge. And it'll just show you all your transactions that's taken place in the last twenty-four hours. And also how to do internal transfers within the same accounts with us like such as your savings account and as well as your checking account. So it will be easily done that way as well.
Oh that's wonderful. That's great. Thank you so much darling I really appreciate your time. thank you so much.
not a problem Mrs. Stewart. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh no no no. I think you answered all my questions.
Th that sounds great Mrs. Stewart. Should anything else arise please feel free to give us a call.
Definitely will. Thank you so much for your time.
Oh Mrs. Stewart can I ask you. After this phone call will you be able to do a brief survey. It will take less than one minute.
Sure not a problem. I'll definitely go ahead and do that for you darling. so you said after this phone call?
Yes ma'am. Just before you hang up it will populate and it'll ask you for ask you two questions. And you just go ahead and select which ones that best you best feel that will work with our conversation that just took place today.
Oh that's easy and wonderful. I'll definitely go ahead and take part of the survey. Thank you so much for for telling me about it. I'll definitely make sure I don't hang up and make sure I take that survey.
Oh thank you so much Mrs. Stewart we really evaluate that. And we valuate your time. So you have yourself a great day.
Oh thank you so much.
OK Mrs. Stewart. Before we end this call is there anything else I need to help you with? Or do you have any other questions?
No I don't have any other questions or any concerns. Thank you so much for your time. It is greatly appreciated.
Not a problem Mrs. Stewart. You have you have yourself a great day.
You do the same thing too darling. Thank you so much again.
Not a problem Mrs. Stewart. You take care.
You too darling.
Thank you so much Mrs. Stewart. Bye bye.
Bye bye now.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jessica. How can I help you today?
Hi, my name is Catherine Caughllins and I wanted to transfer some money to another account.
OK, and do you have a personal checking or a business account with us Catherine?
I have a checking account.
All right, let me just get some information from you so we can get started. What is the first and last name on the account?
Catherine Caughllins. My last name is spelled C A U G H L L I N as in Nancy S as in Sam.
OK, thank you Miss Caughllins and what was the phone number that is attached to your account?
Eight zero five nine nine seven eight one two four.
Perfect! And is this a good number to call you back at in case we get disconnected today?
no that's my home number and I'm out right now. You can call me back on my cell which is eight zero five five two three two two eight seven.
OK, thank you! And are you in a place that's safe to go over sensitive financial information away from the public?
Oh yeah I'm in a hotel room. I'm just not home, I'm on vacation.
Oh fun! OK, and what is your date of birth?
Eleven twenty-four ninety-four.
Thank you Miss Caughllins and what is the account number you're calling about today?
oh. Hang on a sec while I grab my checkbook.
No problem, I'll hold.
OK, the account number is three two seven six six nine three two four six.
Thank you, and for security what is the make and model of your first car?
Kia Rio.
Thank you Miss Caughllins. And what are the last four digits of your Social Security number?
eight three six seven.
Perfect! All right Miss Caughllins, you stated that you wanted to transfer money today. Were you looking to transfer money into a savings account or were you looking to transfer to another account?
Oh yeah sorry. I need a direct transfer to my sister's account.
A wire transfer?
Yep, that's the one. A wire transfer.
All right, I can certainly help you with that today. Do you have your sister's account information readily available for transfer?
Yes.
Perfect! OK, what is the dollar amount that you would like to send today?
three thousand dollars.
OK, and is the receiving account a domestic account or an international account?
Domestic.
OK, And what is the name on the account and the account number that is receiving funds today?
Her name is Amanda last name is O'Reilly and the account number is nine eight seven four two five eight three three four.
And the routing number?
Two three five one zero zero eight six five.
And is there a note or a title that you would like for me to put on this transfer?
Tito's surgery I guess.
OK, so to verify, you would like me to wire transfer three thousand dollars to your sister Amanda Riley with the account number of nine eight seven four two five eight three three four and a routing number of two three five one zero zero eight six five for Tito's surgery today?
Yes, please.
Perfect. All right, the computer's just gonna take a moment to verify the account numbers.
how soon will she receive the money and do I get some kind of receipt?
OK, so she should be receiving it within twenty-four hours and I can have a receipt emailed to you upon payment. Does that work?
yeah. OK, good. she's watching my dog while I'm in New York and I guess he needs some kind of surgery and I don't wanna make her have to pay for it herself.
Oh no, I'm so sorry to hear that.
Oh no he just ate a sock and has to have it removed. He isn't dying or anything.
He he ate a sock?
yeah. He's a big old goofy lab who likes to eat things that he isn't supposed to. This is like his third time doing it. He drives me nuts but I love him.
I'm sorry, he's had surgery for this three times?
Yeah. He's cute but he's not too bright.
Oh my goodness. OK. You might just have to switch to wearing sandals or go barefoot I guess.
Trust me, I've considered it.
OK well I hope everything goes well for Tito and it looks like the transfer was accepted and I just need an email address that you would like this receipt sent to.
Oh perfect, thanks. my email is C Caughllins ninety-four at me dot com.
OK, that is C Caughllins spelled C A U G H L L I N S at ninety-four at me dot com, correct?
Correct.
OK, perfect Miss Caughllins. I'm sending your receipt right now and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
nope, that's it.
All right, well thank you for banking with Intellibank and I hope you have a good rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
Take care, and I hope that Tito has a speedy recovery.
Thank you, me too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi, my name's Hank. I'd like to close my account and report charges on my credit card statement that aren't from me.
Certainly sir. I'd be happy to help you close your Intellibank account and then we can discuss these charges. How's that sound?
Fine.
First, let's pull up your account. Your full name and your address please?
My full name is Hank Harlow and I live at eight nineteen charity lane.
The city and state?
Branson Missouri and my ZIP code is five nine four forty.
Thank you and your phone number please.
My number is two two nine seven three zero one nine one nine.
Thank you. What is your date of birth Hank?
It's September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you and then what is the name of your first pet?
Muffin.
Thank you. Now please verify your account number for me.
Yeah, my account number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Hank, I see you have multiple accounts with Intellibank. Is the account you just provided me the one you would like to close today?
Yeah.
All right. You currently have a balance of four thousand seventy-two dollars and thirty-two cents.
Yeah. Sounds right.
Will we be moving these funds to your savings account?
I actually wanna move it all to the account I have on my credit union. I've just been too busy to call before this. I recently got married and I've been busy for weeks. Now I'm playing catch up with all the tasks.
Congratulations!
Thank you.
Is this a checking or savings account?
It's a savings account.
All right. And please provide me with the routing number.
OK. The routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four.
Thank you. Now the account number?
It's seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
And what is your reason for closing this account today?
I get an exceptional interest rate with your competitor.
OK. Let me simple review and allow you to confirm. We are transferring the entire balance of your Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven in the amount of four thousand seventy-two dollars and thirty-two cents. These funds will be transferred to a savings account routing number nine eight two five four three six four four. And the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is this information correct?
Mm. Actually I gave you the wrong account, can we still change it?
Yeah, no problem. What is the correct account number?
It's seven four five six two nine nine one one.
Seven four five six two nine nine one one. Got it. OK Hank, I'll go ahead and process this request. It will be final within twenty-four hours. You'll receive an email confirmation of this transfer and another email to confirm we have closed your account. Is the email on file still correct? H Harlow at Hotmail dot com.
Yeah. That's good.
All right, it'll be just a moment while that processes.
No rush. How's it going for you today?
I'm having a pleasant enough day. How about you?
That's good. Me too.
All right Hank. I actually have that transaction ID number for you. Do you have a pen?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Great. That number is nine nine nine one two six five.
nine nine nine one two six five. Got it.
All right Hank, tell me what's going on with your credit card.
Well there's a large purchase on there that I did not make. I didn't even realize it until I saw my monthly statement.
OK. Please verify your credit card number for me.
Sure. It's four seven six two nine eight zero eight seven three three seven one four zero two.
All right, just a moment while I review the account.
What is the dollar amount and the date of the transaction that you are disputing and then what is the reason for the dispute?
It was last month. October twenty-eighth. For seven hundred and thirty-four dollars and ninety-nine cents. It was in Burbank, California. I've never been to Burbank.
I see. Do you subscribe to any services or have you made any recent online purchases in that amount?
No.
I do see that this is a purchase made online to a company called Bennett Bennett Entertainment. Are you familiar with this company? Does anyone else have access to your account or debit card? Could this transaction have been made by someone you know? Your wife by chance?
She and I discussed this. she has never used my credit card and is just upset as I am. You know as newlyweds we can't afford a loss of seven hundred and some dollars . I don't know that company but I tried calling Bennett Entertainment in Burbank, California and the number was disconnected. It all seems very sketchy to me and I really need those funds.
I see. Let's go ahead and process a transaction dispute for you.
Thank you.
Now the review I'm processing of this dispute may take up to ten business days. And we will be required to cancel that card and issue a new one. The new one will arrive arrive via mail and you can activate it online or over the phone. A representative of Intellibank will contact you if further information is needed. Do you have any questions?
No. You know, it's a bummer but it is what it is.
Yep. All right Hank, I have the dispute identification number if you'd like to write it down.
I'm ready.
The number is nine nine nine one two six five.
Nine nine nine one two six five. Got it.
You should receive an email detailing our call this afternoon and providing you with the investigator's name and contact information. Should you have any questions or concerns during the investigation you may feel free to contact the investigator directly. Have I addressed your concerns today?
Yep. is there anything else I need to do?
Not at this time. And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Mm nope I appreciate it.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Thanks, you too. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Mary. How can I help you?
Hello this is Peter Davis. I lost my credit card last night.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that sir. Let me let me put you on hold for just a minute. And my computers running a little slow today. Just a moment. OK. So you said you lost your credit card. OK, let me get some information. Peter Davis you said?
Yes.
OK. Mr. Davis what is your date of birth?
November four nineteen sixty-eight.
November fourth nineteen sixty-eight. Do you happen to know your drivers license number?
Well hold on. I need to search. That is somewhere in my my car here.
OK. No problem sir. I'll hold on.
Here it is. Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Five zero zero two one four eight one. Do you have you social security number?
Yes. That's eight one nine two two two zero zero.
Eight one nine two two two zero zero. And we have a security code on here that's asking for your mother's maiden name.
Yes. That's Marlin.
Marlin? OK. Yes, that's correct. Let's see. So you lost your credit card. Do you happen to know what the last transaction was that you might have made on it?
I don't know. I went out with the with the guys in a bar and yeah. I think I was too drunk and when I woke up the next day I I could not find the card. I checked everywhere. Nothing.
Oh wow sir. OK. That happens sometimes I understand. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to put a block on this card right now so you won't even if you did find it for some reason or locate it you would not be able to use it. Or if somebody else found it they wouldn't be able to use it. So let me block that right now.
What is the interest rate that I have on the card?
Sir let me get to that in just a moment. Let me finish blocking the card. OK so the card is now officially blocked. Let me go see if I can find some transactions that might have been made. Looks like you were at a Tom's Bar. OK, I see a charge for forty-five dollars. Does that sound right?
Yes. Yes.
I think so.
OK, I also see a transaction at Target for twenty-five dollars. And Walmart for fifteen dollars. Do. OK, sir. So what I'll do is also send a screenshot over of some some of the more recent transactions the last twenty-five or so You can kind of look it over and make sure that those are accurate and if there's something wrong with those just let us know. We can dispute it. OK?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can do that through email right?
Sir we prefer that you call us on the phone but we do have an online system that I will send you some information on to your email address. And you just click on the link. And it will take you to our website to dispute those charges if there happens to be any that you dispute.
OK. I understand.
OK so I'm gonna get that sent over to you right now. That email with the transactions and and I will put that through right now.
OK.
OK so you should be receiving it. OK, so you wanted to check the interest rate on your credit card? OK, so let me look that up for you. OK let's looks like you've got eight point five percent.
Yes please.
Oh, that's OK.
Yes it's not a bad bad rate. We do also offer a couple of other cards that you can use. Would you happen to be interested in possibly applying for one of those?
Yeah, a traveler's card.
OK we have that. And I will send you that information. Do you want it by email or regular mail?
By regular mail.
OK Let me pull up your information and let's double check to make sure it's accurate. So we've got you living on one thousand Mary Lynn street. Austin, Texas. Seven eight one two two.
Yes. Correct.
OK so I'll send that information over regarding that traveler's credit card We have some great offerings within that card. We have some rewards points that you can use for various airlines and hotels. You get great discounts. You can also use it at grocery stores which also in turn gives you points for travelling as well.
Oh, that's so you mean miles?
Yes sir, it's like miles. So each on that you use you'll be able to for every dollar that you use you get one point.
That's nice.
Yes it's very handy. Especially if you love to travel these days. is there anything else that you'd be interested in learning about with our our company?
No I think I'm good for now. My main problem was the loss of the credit card.
OK sir we also have a newsletter we send out on a monthly basis. Is this something you would be interested in?
Yes please. Through email.
OK sir, I'll get that set up. You'll receive our newsletter and it will come through every month. We send it out about the fifteenth of every month and it talks about what's going on in our bank as well as new credit cards, loans interest rates, and so forth.
OK.
Is there anything else I could help you with today Mr. Davis?
Nope that's it.
OK Mr. Davis. Well we appreciate you being a great customer for the last fifteen years. If you have any more problems let us know. Oh and by the way, I forgot to let you know earlier in the conversation that the card I blocked is now officially blocked. And you will be getting a new ATM card or debit card in the mail within the next three to five business days.
Great.
You can either use the same PIN code you have or you can set up a new one. It's your choice but there's instructions on the card when you receive it.
OK thank you very much.
You're welcome Mr. Davis. So let us know if you have any more questions. And again my name's Mary and we're with Intellibank. Thank you. Goodbye.
OK bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cecilia. How may I help you?
Yeah, hello. I need some help. Are you able to assist me I've been on the line for quite a while.
I'm sorry to hear that I'd be more than happy to assist you can I have your first and last name with your date of birth please?
Yeah my name is Robert Martinez and my date of birth is January first. Nineteen eighty-nine.
Thank you for the information. Can I verify your driver's license number?
Yeah that's zero one two three six five four.
Thank you and lastly can you confirm your security question oh what's your your your pet's first name your first name your pet's name.
Yeah that's Paco.
Thank you. How can I help you?
I received a text on my phone. On a charge that I did not really understand at all.
I'm sorry to hear that let me check what days it referring to?
I don't know this was two weeks ago I just did not have time to call. And now that I'm I'm waiting for some stuff to arrive I I accept let me go ahead and call and correct this while I can.
OK OK wonderful let me check do you remember what it said?
Yeah I'd asked about a transaction at a gas station for hundred and eighty dollars I never went to any gas station even close to oh where it was referring to
Oh OK OK does anyone in your household have any access to your debit card you're referring to?
No just me.
OK did you call the gas station to see if there was any information that can provide you with.
No actually I did not try calling them at all. I just want to delete the transaction. I don't know if you can do that I I didn't make it it's not mine. I don't need to pay for it.
I need my money back.
Did you try looking the locking access to the card online for not to be used again just in case someone has access to it or I don't know if you misplaced it.
no actually I have not. I don't have access online. Can you block the card? I'm not sure. I even have the card with me right now. I I pretty sure. It's somewhere. I don't use it that often that's why I know it's not my transaction. How can I do this online on my own without having to call?
Sure I I I would be more than happy to assist you. I can block the card for you. Did you go to your company website and register there's an option where you can block and unblock the cards at your convenience for whatever reason your more than welcome to do that if you decide to so online.
Oh wow OK I should've done that sounds good.
We we will look into the transaction to determine how it was made. It should take at least three days three business days for determination to be complete. They have to verify the full process if there's no pattern if there was no intent to do any other transactions and so forth and once the determination is made like I said after the business days someone will reach out to you. If not myself to provide additional information on what was the outcome of this.
Can we move all the balance over to another account I have on on file? Before it's placed on hold. I mean I still need to have some money available to use since the other account's not gonna have the money. accessible at least I want it somewhere where I can use it.
Yeah sure sure we can do that. What the account number we need to move the money over to?
Yeah that's three two one four five six nine eight seven.
Let me just confirm that it's three two one four five six nine eight seven. Is that correct?
Yes that's the account number that I would like to move the money over. Should be linked under the same information.
Yes I I can see that. be more than happy to move. You have total of ten thousand dollars. That we would be transferring over to your other checking account.
Great then that's wonderful. That's all that I'm gonna need. You have been a lifesaver and I'll make sure that I go online and
Register that way I can go and activate it and like find it or after I get the determination that you were talking about I'll make sure that I'm aware of doing this. I just hate being on the phone and waiting for someone to answer.
Wonderful. I'm so sorry to hear that you was Oh wonderful to help you with this transaction and thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Hello.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help today?
yeah. I'm calling because I need hep with my Intel bank account.
can you help me with that, please?
certainly, sir. I can help with your Intellibank account. what seems to be the problem?
yeah. I move out of state and I had to get a new account and I really don't know what to do with my money in this one.
All right, sir. It seems like your gonna need to. you're needing to close this account and transfer those funds into your new account out of state?
Yes.
All right, sir. We can certainly help you with that. Before I complete your request, I need to get a a little bit of information from you to verify your account.
OK.
All right, sir. Can I get your first and last name, please?
Yeah. First name Dale. Last name Walker.
All right.
First name Dale. Last name Walker. Can I have your date of birth?
Ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four.
All right, Mr. Walker. Your birthdate is ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK, sir. And for authentication purposes could you give me your driver's license number, please?
Driving license number. hold on.
My wallet's in the other room. Hold on I'll go get it for ya.
All right, sir. Take your time. I'll be right here waiting.
OK. Just a minute.
All right. I got it. My driving license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right, sir. You said six one five two four nine six nine?
Yes.
OK.
And for account security, could I have your mother's maiden name, please?
mother maiden name is Wilson.
All right, sir. That is exactly what I have here on file. So you're moved out of state and you said you wanna go ahead and close this account here.
Yes, please.
All right, sir. What account type was that? Was it checking or savings?
Checking, please.
OK. You wanna close out your checking account here.
Yes.
Could I get that account number, please?
Yes, it's five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Again, your checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
Yes, correct.
All right, sir. So could you repeat the reason for your closure?
I just don't need that account anymore.
OK. You don't need it anymore cuz you're gonna be outta state?
I'll be outta.
State. Yes.
All right, sir.
All right. Give me one moment while I look up your account information for you.
All right.
All right.
Yeah I'm m~. Yeah I'm moving to Florida.
so you ever you ever been down there and for for vacation or anything?
Oh no, sir. I hate to say that I haven't been to Florida yet. That's actually on my bucket list.
All right. Well you'll really enjoy it. It's beautiful.
I believe so. My mother went there for a wedding and she said that it was very gorgeous so.
Been wanting to go ever since.
Well, I hope you get a chance to go.
I hope so too.
All right, sir. You're account balance is currently six hundred and ninety-five dollars and thirty-four cents. That'll be that amount we have to transfer to your new deposit account. What account type was that?
I wanna transfer to another checking account, please?
OK.
So your gonna transfer into a checking account. Could I get the routing number to that new bank, please.
Yes.
Yes, that routing number is two four one eight eight two one six zero.
All right again, your number the routing number for this deposit account is two four one eight eight two one six zero. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, sir. So could you give me that checking account information that you stated?
yes. My checking account number is four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
All right, sir. that checking account number is four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
Yes.
Right. Thank you, sir. Give me one moment while I while I setup the transfer to this account.
All right, thank you.
All right, sir. I've already processed your request to close out your current account.
Your current checking account and transfer six hundred and ninety-five dollars and thirty-four cents into your new checking account at four nine three zero two eight four nine six one at your new bank.
That request should go through within the next twenty-four hours. You can use your card up until that time. After that, that transfer amount will go through, sir.
OK.
All right. And I thank you so much for calling us today.
Will that be all for you?
that's all. Thank you very much.
Thank you so much, Mr. Walker, for your time and patience. Again, my name is Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Carl, how may I help you?
Hey Carl, how's it going?
Very well, how are you doing today?
not so good. the weather, just one of those days.
What's going on?
well, a bunch of snow fell and then all the branches are down. I can't get out of the driveway. And then I'm trying to make a order to get some stuff from the grocery store. And then I'm ordering in and then my car does not working. But that's my fault so, cuz it's expired, so I'm, I guess I haven't checked my mail. Anyway, so, then I'm going to get my debit card. Guess what?
Oh. Well, that's not good.
What?
It is not there. I ask my kids, I ask my husband. Cuz they tend to take stuff out of my wallet, you know? And nope, nobody has touched it. And then I go online and I checked and somebody's been shopping at Overstock dot com. And there's a four thousand dollar bill.
Oh.
OK. let me get your.
So
I gotta report my card as stolen.
OK. Let me get your name?
Tanya Bishop.
OK. T A N Y A?
Yes.
Bishop. B I S H O P?
Yeah.
Alright. And Tanya, what is your birthdate?
it is March seventh nineteen seventy-eight.
OK. So, March seventh nineteen seventy-eight.
Yes.
All right. And Tanya, your address?
my address is two seventy, Silver Cloud Road Montana Nine One Zero One One.
OK Two seventy, Silver Cloud Road in Montana. Nine one zero one one?
Yeah.
Alright. OK. So, I've got your account pulled up. And for security purposes, the last four digits of your social security number.
three four one one.
OK. Three four one one. And the first, the name of your first pet?
damn. Sorry, bad language, sorry. It's just been one of those mornings. gosh, what did I put for? I can't remember. Can you ask me something else ?
OK.
your mother's maiden name?
Oh, Jesus. sorry, it's just oh man, is it five o'clock some, somewhere already? My mother's maiden name? Oh, yeah, yeah, there it is, it's Summer.
Summer?
Yeah.
OK.
It's not summer here but, yeah, it is, sorry, my mother's maiden name is Summer.
Got it. OK. Alright, so that checked out. And yes, I'm in your credit card ending in four four five two. And I do see an overstock charge for four thousand three hundred and one dollar. From. looks like this was done online Monday.
Is it still pending, processing? what is it? Or it's like went through?
no it it
Yeah, it has gone through.
Man, how did they know my pin code?
So.
well it's just This is your credit.
That's my debit
Card. No, it's my debit card. Yeah.
Your debit card?
OK.
It's a Visa debit card. So they don't need your pin code online Only need your pin code so so
There you go.
So who's, so
So who's gonna pay that bill?
so, we will have. dispute resolution will be contacting you shortly. Let me go ahead and cancel your card here. And we'll get a new one issued to you. And in the meantime, dispute resolution will be reaching out to you shortly. So give me two minutes here.
Yeah. OK.
right.
It's amazing how people just do that.
OK. It looks like I've canceled that card. And, a new one will be issued and you will have it in two days. It will be delivered by FedEx. You will need to sign for it.
can somebody else sign for me?
Yes, somebody in your household can sign for it.
OK.
My husband's home.
OK Alright. And that is going to be going to the two seventy Silver Cloud Road?
Yes.
Heber Montana nine one zero one one? All right. Correct. OK. So, your account has been your card has been canceled. Your account has not been canceled, but your card has been canceled. you will be receiving a new one. Dispute resolution will be reaching out to you. regarding the, the charge. And the is there anybody that could've been using your account or no?
Yep.
No I
I talked to the kids. I talked to the husband and no.
OK.
All right. Are there any other cards missing?
Nope, just my debit card.
Just
Your debit card? OK.
All right. So, it has been that has been canceled again as I've said. the new one will be out to you in two days. It will be delivered in two days. Via FedEx. someone needs to sign for it. If you have any re-occurring charges on it, you will need to reschedule those with the new, or update those, with the new account number.
OK. But that's my debit card and I think now the debit card is empty and your s~. Because, I mean, I should not really having that much money in my bank account I guess. Because it's over four thousand dollars and it's debit card, so those money are real money, you know, so it's gone. So, when can I have real money back into my account.
I am not a hundred per cent sure on that. But, dispute resolution will be able to to to answer all of those types of questions.
Do you have my phone
Number?
go ahead and give it to me again to reverify?
It is three zero one. Three four five nine nine eight seven.
OK. Three zero one three four five nine nine eight seven. That is the one we do have on your account.
OK.
So, yes dispute resolution will be contacting you through that. And they will explain the whole process for getting the money back into your account.
OK.
OK.
OK.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Oh, man. No, that's all.
Come cut the the trees out of your driveway?
Oh sure, cuz my husband can't do anything. At least I say that nice. He can't he can't hear very well so it's one of those days.
All right.
Well, if there's nothing else, thank you very much for calling Intellibank and we're happy to have you as a customer.
All right, thanks.
All right. Have a great day.
Bye.
Thanks for calling and telling me. My name is Rachel. How can I help you today?
Hey Rachel I just have a couple of questions I'm looking for trying to find out what kind of services you guys offer that would allow me to make international transfers free of charge hopefully and what you guys have to offer.
Transfers to where?
Well, it would be to Dubai.
So you need to make a transfer to Dubai to. What what place are you transferring to in Dubai?
They'll they'll be frequent transfers hopefully I can find you guys have a sister company or a sister bank over there that would make this easy but I've worked over there and I need to make I need my company's in the US and I'm gonna need to get money while I'm overseas so I need to find the transfer. Some way to make get me funds in the Italy's.
OK so here's what we can do you can just open a regular checking account. We're an international bank so what you can do is just open an account and then you can have your US company do direct deposits into your account and then you would have access to that account through online banking or from through calling the branch or ATMs over in Dubai support our our cards so there you wouldn't need to transfer the money it would just be in your account and you would have access to it.
OK.
Well does that work?
I I think it will. I mean what do the fees look like?
so the international in camp fees are a dollar fifty. There's no fee for account balance and there wouldn't be any other fees for transferring because you wouldn't obviously you wouldn't need to transfer the money anywhere but let's see direct deposit doesn't have a fee oh oh the checking account that you would need the international checking account and and that one has a fee of twenty dollar opening balance. It's not really a fee it's just a minimum required balance.
OK.
And let's see here. I think that's it. That's the only fees that really have associated with the checking account. Would you like to open an account today hun?
Yes, I think that's gonna do what I need it to do and.
Wonderful OK just give me one second to get to the right screen.
OK I just need a few pieces of information and then what's gonna happen is I'm gonna need you to come into the branch and at your convenience and sign a terms and conditions contract with our bank and but what I can do is I can your get your personal information now and send you over to a banker so that they will have your contract prepared whenever you come in. So you don't even need to make an appointment time. You can just stop in whenever you like and get us a signature and be on your way and we'll get the account open for you then.
Fantastic.
Wonderful OK so let's start with your first and last name.
Well my name is Patrick Moon.
mister Moon, what is your address your street address?
The street address would be two zero one four eight Tumalo Road. T U M A L O.
And city?
that's in Andegore.
And ZIP code?
Oh goodness nine seven seven zero one.
OK date of birth Mr. Moon?
twelve six seventy-five.
And social security number?
It's five four five two six three four six one.
That was three six four one?
Three four six one.
Three four six one. Sorry about that.
It's all right.
OK and we're gonna do international checking right?
Yes.
And I just need to put a security question and answer on your account for verification purposes. What kind of a question would you like on your account?
whatever's at the top of the list.
what street you grew up on.
OK that would be response would be eight twenty-one West Highway thirty-nine.
West Highway thirty-nine. That's all we need is West Highway thirty-nine then OK.
Oh.
Cause it's just the street.
Sure sorry.
No problem no problem at all. That was West Highway thirty-nine right?
Yes.
OK OK, mister Moon I think I've got all of your information that I need. Let's see yep looks like I've got everything. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No what time do you guys close this evening?
We close at six p.m..
OK perfect I will be in before then.
Fantastic you'll be in today OK. I'll load this information over to the banker right now and they will get prepared for you to come to visit.
Awesome.
Thanks, mister Moon have a wonderful day. I'll see you when you get in.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary. How can I help you today?
Hi, this is Peter Davis. I have a new a email address and I wanted to let the bank know.
Oh, OK Mr. Davis. Just a minute, let me get that information from you, but let me pull up my screen first. Just a second. OK let's see, your first and last name is Peter Davis?
Correct.
OK, do you want to give me your date of birth?
That's November fourth, nineteen sixty eight.
OK sir, and do you have your driver's license number available?
Give me a sec, I need to get my wallet out of my jacket. OK, let's see. That's five zero zero, two one, four eight one. My phone number is five one two, four six seven, zero one four three.
OK, just a minute, sir.
And my
Just a minute sir, let me lemme get I didn't get lemme verify that with you first. Five zero zero, two one four eight one?
Yes.
OK sir, I'm sorry what is your phone number again?
five one two, four six seven, zero one, four three.
OK, five one two, four six seven, zero one four three? And let's see. I do have an email address on file, is it no longer let's see what I've got here. Ooh, let's see. Hm. It keeps getting kicked back, lemme check. Hold on just a second. Having problems with my computer system right now. OK, so I have T I zoo at Gmail dot com?
Yeah, that's my old one.
Oh, OK so lemme clear this one out. OK so what is the new one?
That's Peter sixty eight, Davis at Gmail dot com.
OK. Peter sixty eight Davis at Gmail dot com?
Correct.
OK sir, I've got that information in there. Is there anything else you need to do or would you like to verify any other information that we have on file for you?
Let me see you need my social security number maybe?
we can verify that just to make sure, do you wanna give me just the last four digits?
Yeah, that's two two four four.
OK. That is exactly what we still have on file for you.
My home address?
Sure, let's go ahead and update everything while we're on the screen.
Yes. One thousand Marilyn Street, Austin Texas, seven eight one two two.
OK, one thousand Marilyn Street, Austin Texas. Seven eight one two two.
Yes.
OK sir. And, let's see, it looks like you have been a great customer of ours for the last fifteen years, and right now we are offering some really low interest rates on some cars, on vehicle loans. is that something you might be interested in?
Yeah why not. Can you send me that by, yeah, to the new email address?
Oh, sure yeah I'd be more than happy to. Yeah we're having a really low interest rate on our loan on our auto loans right now so this is a great time to buy a car if you're really in to buying one. lemme get that information set up. And I'm gonna get it sent over to you, you'll probably receive it in the next fifteen minutes or so. Takes a little while to go through our system. Let's see what else we've got, we also, looks like.
Do you have
A traveler's card?
Yes sir, we do have a traveler's card, and that is a really low interest rate, you gain points every time you use it, and you're able to buy miles and hotels and get them at a discount. Is that something you would be interested in?
Yes please, also through email.
OK sir, I'm gonna get that over to you as well. We also have a monthly newsletter we send out, and we like to keep all of our great customers in the loop of all the great things that are going on here at the bank. Is that something you would like to receive?
Sure, why not?
OK, we send that out only once a month and it usually goes out middle of the month. And would you like to receive that via email or through the post?
That one go through post.
OK sir, let me get that set up. So we'll send it to the one thousand Marilyn Street in Austin Texas, correct?
Correct.
OK sir so, yep we've got that one set up. Let me see if we have any other great things going on for our great customers that we've had.
And I want to have some information about a savings account.
OK sir, we have several options for that, would you like me to go over them on the phone with you?
No, just send me some information through email.
OK, would you to like me to list off all of the loan savings savings account options?
Yes please.
OK. I'll get that over to you as well. All of these you can do, you can set them up online yourself. They do have minimum deposits. And minimum average monthly balances that do have to maintain. But we have some really great interest rates on those as well. Typically giving back between one and two percent on the money that you put in account.
OK.
So let me get that set up, and we'll get that over to you. Is there any other information you would like to learn about? Do you have. Are you set up for our online banking system?
Nope.
I have that already.
OK sir, let me just make sure we've got that in our system as well, that you are active in that, and you're activated. And it looks like yes I do see that I just missed it. You are activated in the online banking system. Are you able to use all the features very well?
Yes I am.
OK well, that's great news Mr Davis. So thank you so much for your time today and thank you for calling to update your email address. Is there anything else?
Nope, that's it.
OK, thank you for being a great customer and if you have any more problems call me back. My name's Mary and I am here at Intellibank to help you anytime you need it.
OK, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Becky, how can I help you?
Hi.
yeah, is this Bank? I thought that's what it was called.
Oh it's Intellibank.
Oh. OK. Well that's interesting. I've always been told it's Bank. Maybe I'm just thinking of the internet company.
You know, Intel? I thought maybe it's like along the same branch. Anyway, I am sorry, that was off subject. I got this letter and I'm trying to get money into another account. But I don't know how I'm supposed to do that because I don't have a branch near me. And it's like too much for my ATM. I. I don't know and I. And my mobile app's not working, so.
Maybe.
I. I don't really know where I'm supposed to go here.
OK. Well it sounds like you need make a transfer from one account to another?
Yes. Yes. I'd like to. The. The accounts are with the same bank. Intell~, Intelli. Whatever. I. I just need to make sure I can get my money in the other account cuz I need to pay rent. For my new apartment, because my cheating husband went and found a new person. And. Had to sell my house, and now I have no money. Anyway, I need to put a deposit and rent down on my new apartment. My crap apartment. So. Yeah. what do I do?
OK. I can help you with making a transfer. First of all, can I get your account number please?
Yes it's one seven nine four five three, zero zero.
OK. And your name?
My name is Karen Hucksley.
All right, Karen. And for your protection can I get your date of birth?
Yeah it's two eighteen ninety-two.
All right. And it looks like you have an authenticating ID that I need to ask for. Can I get your drivers license number please?
Yeah, let me grab it. Oh. Six six one seven, five four two oh R as in Oregon. I'll probably have to be changing that cuz I'm looking at different states. I'm tired of Oregon rain and tired of my husband . Thinking about Florida. I don't know. Something nice just to have the beach maybe? I mean, I am thirty so it's like. I. I. I don't know. I'll figure something out. yeah. So oh R are the last two digits of my drivers license.
OK. Thank you very much for that.
Also, I'm wondering can you look up locations of banks? Like is Bank in Florida? Or or Texas maybe? Or even Arizona? Am I allowed to to get those addresses from you just so I know exactly where I need to go? Or if I need to like do all my banking online from there? Like what is the process of moving? Do I need to register at a new bank? Like I. I'm just trying to figure out where to go from here.
Yeah, yeah definitely. Well that could be. That might be a lot of information to give over the phone. What I suggest is you go to our website Intellibank dot com, so that's I N T E L L I B A N K. Intellibank dot com. And you can look up different branches in different states. We are in all fifty states, so.
Oh.
I thought there's fifty-two states.
Did I get that wrong as well as the Bank? I'm sure if I checked Bank, I wonder if it would take me to Intell~.
.
Do you know?
well Bank I don't know what that would get you to other. I don't know if there is an actual Bank. But this is Intellibank and this is who you've got your accounts with.
OK.
And I can take care of that transfer for you. what account did you want to transfer to and from? Did you want to. This account you gave me is your checking account. Did you want?
Yeah so that's my joint checking with my cheating husband, off with his new, young whatever. yeah I wanna transfer my money that is mine. I don't want him claiming that it's his. I wanna put it in my new checking account where he has no access whatsoever. So I can put my deposit on my one by one apartment. That I can walk from my kitchen to my bedroom in two steps.
OK so the account number you gave me. Yes I see this is a joined account. So how much did you want to transfer?
So there's ten thousand in my original, my joint account, but I but like fifteen hundred?
Is his. I'm gonna leave him with no money as long as I can. So let's do just eighty-five. Hundred. Just so I know for sure that's my money.
Eighty-five hundred.
OK. So eighty-five hundred. Yes and can I get the other account with us that what. The other account number with us that you would like to transfer to?
Yeah, it's one five six three two five nine eight one.
OK great. So I'm going to be tracing.
And that account.
Should be Bank.
That's Intellibank.
Yeah.
Whatever, Intelli.
Intellibank. That's also with us.
OK, so Eighty-five hundred going from joint checking to your just individualized checking? OK that has been done. Is there anything else I can help you with?
unless you can find me a new husband and maybe find someone to poison my last oh I shouldn't say that. This is probably being recorded. No. I think I'm good.
OK. Thank you.
Oh.
When will my money be available? Do you know?
It's a~
It's available right now.
OK, and no one's putting a hold on it right? Like am I gonna get taxed or like investigated for that much money?
Well I don't know what kind of tax investigation you're talking about but the money has been transferred from your account.
That you held jointly with your husband to your individual account. That's been done already so you have eighty-five hundred dollars in your new account.
All right, great.
That's. Sounds great. I'm gonna book myself a trip to Arizona.
OK. Well great. Well you have a good day and thanks for using Intellibank.
Thank you.
Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How may I help you?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
I'm doing well. How's your day been going.
Pretty good, thank you so much for asking. How about yours?
it's been going pretty well. I'm happy the work day is over so That's always a good thing.
Always.
I am I am calling because I I was trying to go online to look at my account information and to do a couple things. And I can not get on the online banking again. I I seems like you know here lately it's been quite often when I'm trying to do anything online I'm having an issue connecting you know getting the getting the banks up site to come up. It keeps giving me an error so I don't know you know, what's going on with that or if anybody's complained but somebody definitely needs to look at that.
OK, it looks like there has been a ticket sent in about the online website not working. We've definitely received a lot of complaints about that today. So, I'm looking at the ticket number right now and it looks like that will be fixed some time this evening. I'm sorry that isn't gonna be you know, helpful to you right now. But, just wanted to let you know that it is being addressed and it will it's supposed to be completed this evening.
Oh OK. Well that's awesome, great. well I would like to make a wire transfer. that was why I was trying to, you know, access it online or what ever. I'm not even sure if I can do that on the website but but now that I have you, if you could help me with that I need to make a wire transfer to to my mom's account. She has an account with you all as well. she's done had several things go on and a couple dental issues and now you know money has gotten super tight. So I need to go ahead and transfer some money over to her account.
OK.
All right. So I just need to get some information from you and then I can go head and initiate that transfer. I know you said your first name is Kim. what is your last name?
my last name is Johns it's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. And also I need to ask you for your security question. what is your mother's maiden name.
It's Murphy.
All right, and you're making the transfer from you checking account to your mom's or which accounts are you using?
Yes, yeah it'll be from my checking account to her checking account.
OK and we'll start with your checking account number.
Sure, that is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right, and the dollar amount that you'd like to transfer to your mother's account.
I'd like to transfer over, eight hundred dollars.
OK. And this is a domestic transfer, correct?
Right, yes. This is domestic, she's a local.
OK.
OK and the deposit routing number.
the routing number I I think it should be the same as mine. It's zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
OK.
And then her account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
OK. Thank you for providing that information. I'm initiating the transaction now and I will be sending you out a confirmation as soon as it's complete. generally the transfers within the bank don't take very long so I should be able to get this done pretty quickly. Just bear with me a few moments.
Oh, great.
Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
OK Ms. Johns, I just wanted to confirm that this that this wire transfer has been initiated and it looks like the five hundred dollars is, I'm so sorry, the eight hundred dollars is in your mothers account. So you can text her and let her know that's there, if you want.
OK.
Perfect.
And I just now sent you a confirmation to your email to the email that we have on file. And it takes about thirty seconds to receive that. So just let me know when you have it.
OK. Let me go ahead and log on here and look.
OK.
It might already be out there.
OK yup, I see it right here. Thank you so much for your help. I appreciate it.
Awesome, you're very welcome and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no, that was everything.
All right, thank you so much Ms. Johns. Hope you have a wonderful day.
Thank you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lisa, how may I help you today?
Hi Lisa, I just changed my my cable company and I think that some of the information I have is gonna be changing.
OK what kind of information do you think will be changing or is changing?
Well I I I'm I I have a new phone number. So specifically I have I I know I have to change the phone number.
Oh all right I'd be happy to help you with that. May I have your name please and your date of birth?
Yes my name in Daniel Corson. That's C O R S O N and my date of birth is January twenty-seventh nineteen seventy.
Thank you Mr. Corson. Would you please verify your address?
Yeah yeah. My my address is one zero seven five Deer Cove drive. So that's D E E R C O V E Drive and that's in Midlands Texas. The ZIP code is seven nine seven five six.
All right. Thank you and can you verify the last four of your social?
Yeah it's five four one nine.
Or security purposes can you tell me what street you grew up on?
like yeah yeah. The first street I grew up on is was Hollow Hills Avenue and it's Hills with an S.
Perfect. Thank you so much. All right Mr. Corson, let's go ahead and review the fundament that you have on file with us.
Can I get the the the phone number that you currently have on file with us please?
Oh yeah it's it's four three two eight nine four one nine six six.
Perfect. OK may I have your new oh do you have your new phone number?
Yeah I I have the new number it should be activated tomorrow.
Would you like to go ahead and change it today?
Yeah.
OK what's that new number?
It's four two four eight seven eight five six five seven.
Now is four two four eight seven eight five six five seven?
Yes that's correct.
Fantastic. OK I've updated that. Since it's near the end of the business day, from now on that'll be one of the ways that we verify your information. If anythings changes we'll just need you to give us a call back and update it again. Do you have any questions or is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Well I'd need to I was wondering if I could check the the balance in my savings account.
Of course you can. Would you mind verifying that account number please?
Yes my account number is one five seven one two six two seven five three.
Thank you so much. Your balance in your savings account is two thousand two hundred and nine dollars. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Well can I go ahead and transfer some of the money from my savings into my into my checking account?
Of course. I see that you just have one checking account. how much would you like to transfer?
just go ahead and make it two hundred.
All right perfect.
All right. I've gone ahead and transferred two hundred dollars to your checking account. That new balance in your checking account is seven hundred and thirteen dollars and fifteen cents. Your new balance in your savings account is two thousand and nine dollars. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
So.
OK so the new phone number should be activated tomorrow?
No it's we've updated it as of today.
OK so so I don't have to call back?
No you will not have to call back, I appreciate you asking that. Nope. As of now, we've updated the the number and that'll be the number the contact number that we have on file. You also have the option of having a second phone number. A lot of people like to add their mobile number so that's something to consider if you'd like to do that or a spouse's phone number if you like.
OK let me can I go ahead and add my mobile number just for security purposes?
Absolutely. Absolutely. What's that number?
OK well it's five four three nine zero five two zero seven seven. That's my mobile so it'll just be like a back up number.
OK got that. So I'm adding a second phone number and I did mark that it is your mobile number, area code five four three nine zero five two zero seven seven. So now you'll have the option of being recognized when you call in through prompts by your mobile phone number as well as your cable phone number OK?
OK that sounds good.
All right did you have any questions about checking balances and making changes to your account on online banking? Pardon me.
No I think I'm good I know I I'm gonna sign up for the the online banking app and the online account soon. I just haven't had a chance yet.
All right. Well we look forward to having you having you use our app. It's pretty functional, it's very easy to learn and to maneuver around on the pages so we also have a a tech department here so if you have any questions or need a little hand we'll certainly do that for you as well.
OK well thank you that that was I should be I'm all good.
Great. It's great to hear Mr. Corson. Again my name is Lisa. Thank you so much for your time. You have a great day.
You too Lisa. Thank you.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cathy, how can I help you today?
Hi, my name's Laura and I just moved and so I'm trying to change financial institutions and so I'm looking at opening a checking account. But I have some questions about other products.
Absolutely, I'd be more than happy to answer any of your questions. what were those questions you had about other products?
Well for starters, do you guys offer loans? I mean what kind?
Yes we do, we offer auto loans and we do also have credit cards available.
Well great, what kind of credit cards do you have?
Yes, that is a wonderful question. We offer traveler's cards, platinum cards, gold cards silver cards, cashback cards and rewards cards.
I think I'm interested in the travel card.
Absolutely and actually that is traveler's card that we offer.
Oh I'm sorry OK traveler's card. Yes, that one.
Excellent, did you have any particular questions about the traveler's card?
Yes, what are the rates on that card. You know, the interest rates.
Yes, we do offer quite a competitive rate. Depending on your credit, we do offer between thirteen point two five percent and twenty-one point two five percent variable rates.
This depends on what, my credit probably?
Yes, this would be determined by your credit score when we pull your credit.
OK, I'm thinking about taking some trips. You know, my family lives all over the US and I just wanna be able to travel to see them and so I think I think I need to probably look into this some more.
Absolutely and I fully understand how crazy it can be having your family live all over the place. My family is very much the same way. but did you also say that you were interested in opening an account with us?
Yes, a checking account please. And what is the next step I need to take to opening that account?
Absolutely. So in order to open the account, I can go ahead and collect some information over the phone here with you. However, in order to finalize the account we will need you to come into our branch to sign any. The paperwork for that. would are you ready to begin? Would you like me to go ahead and collect that information from you now?
yes, I have a paper and pen ready. Could I get the address of the of the bank so that I can come in?
Oh absolutely! That address is fifteen hundred East Bradley Avenue, and we're in Pueblo, Colorado eight one zero one three.
OK great, thank you. eight one zero one three. OK great.
Excellent. Alrighty so to start off, if I could please have your first and last name.
It's Laura Winters.
Thank you. And Ms. Winters, if I could also get your full social security number as well as your date of birth please.
Three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven four five fifty five. That's April fifth nineteen fifty-five.
Excellent, thank you. And if I could please also have your current address.
Sure. Wait a minute. I spaced it for a second there. let me let me look it up because I just moved and I want to make sure I have it right.
Not a problem at all, please take your time.
Well thank you.
OK, I've got it. It's nine eight seven South Papa Drive. And that's in Pueblo, Colorado of course. Eight one zero one three.
Excellent, thank you. It does look like you live rather close to us, that's good to hear. All righty and we are almost finished. If I could also have your phone number please.
Sure, it's area code seven one nine two one five two six nine nine.
Thank you so much. Alrighty and the final piece of information that I'll need, we will just need to establish a security question for your account. We use this whenever you call into the call center, that way we can verify your identity.
Can I choose my own security number or security code? I guess it's a question, right?
Yes, it would be a question that is relevant to you. Something that's very common sense.
OK, how about what street did you grow up on?
That is an excellent security question. And what is the answer for that?
Saint Johnson's Street.
Wonderful. So I have everything here prepped for you. We will just need you to come in to our branch whenever you're ready for that and just so that you know as well, you will be able to apply for that traveler's card if you're still interested. Either when you come into our branch or if you would like you can apply online. at this time would you like any additional information as far as establishing your account online after you sign with us?
no, I think this is everything I can do for right now. but thank you so much for all your help today.
Absolutely Ms. Winters, thank you so much for calling. We're very excited to welcome you to Intellibank and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Vicky. How may I help you?
Hi, Vicky. My name's Nate. I'd like to do a money transfer from my Intellibank checking account into my account at my credit union, credit union.
OK, Nate, I'd be happy to assist you today. To start, lets retrieve your account. What's your full name and date of birth?
My name is Nathan Emory, but I go by Nate. And my date of birth is September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you. Please verify your account number for me.
Sure. My account number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
zero zero one six three nine two two one seven?
Yep, that's right.
And what is the name of your first pet?
Winky.
All right, thank you, Nate. I see you have a balance of one hundred and thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents in this account.
Yeah, that's sounds right. and by the way does Intellibank offer web banking? would I be able to do this faster myself online?
Intellibank does offer online banking and you are welcome to create an account at our website. I could send you an email with credentials for log in if you'd like. However, I'm not sure it would save you any time. I'm confident we can get this wire transfer completed quickly and efficiently here, right now, over the phone. This process will take less than ten minutes. Would you like to continue or would you rather I emailed you your credentials to create an online bank account?
no, let's go ahead and get this done.
Certainly, sir. Is this going to be a domestic or an international transfer?
well, it's to my credit union across town. They just built it there. It's based out of New York. I know they have branches in Canada, but my account is at the branch here in town.
OK, yeah, that would be domestic.
Yeah, I thought so.
OK, and Nate, please provide me with the routing number for the account you'd like me to forward your funds to.
could you tell me where the routing number is?
it's the first set of numbers on the bottom left of your checks. It should be nine numbers.
OK. OK, I found it. the routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four.
Nine eight two five four three six four four.
Yep.
Thank you and what is the account number?
Oh, shoot. All right one minute while I grab that. I, I thought I have everything. I, I thought I had everything right here.
No problem. Take your time.
OK, I've got it. it's seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero?
Yeah.
OK, thank you. And how much are you looking to transfer today?
Let's move a hundred dollars.
One hundred. OK, one moment while I put all that information together, and then I will ask you to confirm it before I submit. All right. I have this Nathan Emory is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of one hundred dollars from Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. We are sending these fund to another financial institution and the routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four. The account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Does this information sound correct?
Mhm, that's right.
OK, I will go ahead and process the request. It will be final within thirty minutes. You'll receive an email confirmation of this transfer when the funds have posted to the forwarding account. Is the email on file still correct? N Emory at hotmail dot com?
Yeah, that's right.
Great. I'll be just a moment and I'll have a transaction ID number for you to write down.
No hurry. How's your day going, Daisy? I'm sorry, Vicky. I forgot your name for a second.
That's all right. No problem, Nate. My day's going pretty good. How about yours?
it's going pretty good. You know, I just went to this really nice restaurant. Had a really great meal.
Awesome. Was it right there in Branson?
Mhm. Yeah, it's right on the edge of town.
Cool. I'm a foodie, so I love going out to eat.
Yeah, me too.
All right, Nate, I have that number for you.
OK, I'm ready.
OK. Nine nine nine one two six five.
Nine nine nine one two six five. Got it.
And your new balance is thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
no thanks.
All right. Well, thanks for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
You too. Thanks.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you?
Jerry I need to find a branch near me.
OK well terrific. Happy to assist you with that. and If I could just ask are you a customer with us here?
Yes.
All right and you wanna find a branch.
Nearby. what's your name If I may ask who I'm speaking with?
Evelyn Richards.
All right Ms. Richards. Thanks for being a customer here at Intellibank. And If I could just find out a little bit of information so I can find a branch and location nearby where you might be at. Ms. Richards. First of all let me just verify a little bit of information about you. what is your date of birth with us?
Eleven, eleven, eighty-four.
All right. And what's your phone number with us?
Six, seven, eight two, zero, two, four, two, five, three.
All right. Terrific, terrific. And are you looking to get by a branch? Are you at home or or do you know where you might be at on travelling?
Yes, I have the address.
OK. You have an address for where you might be at?
Yes.
All right well terrific. what's the street address where you're at so that I can pull up a branch near that address?
OK. Is one, four one, Oakwood Avenue.
All right. That's one four one Oakwood Avenue?
Yes.
All right and what's the city?
Smyrna.
All right and what is the state?
Georgia.
All right.
And I also need to know what the hours are.
Absolutely, absolutely. yes and as far as the branch I was able to pull up several locations here. the one nearest to the address you gave me is located at five seventy-three.
Broxville Boulevard.
OK.
And is that nearby or did you need another location?
Can you give me one more?
Yeah, yeah sure. the other location I'm seeing is about a mile and a half from the address you gave me and that is at four twenty three Marietta Court.
Yeah, that one is better.
All right, terrific. And just so that you know to answer your question there. the hours of our operations for are branches are from nine a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday. And on Saturdays from nine to twelve noon.
Well that's good cause I need to apply for a car loan. I was thinking that I could maybe speak to one of your loan officers.
Terrific, absolutely. Happy to I'm sure one of our loan officers would be happy to talk with you and process your loan application and see if we can get you that car loan.
Well good. I'm just so excited because of the time of year you know this is the Thanksgiving and Christmas is just so exciting.
You know it is a wonderful time of year. I think the song is it's the most wonderful time, is it Ms. Richards?
yes. Mhm.
And it is a terrific time of year for to family, celebration, friends, fellowship and really hopefully with this pandemic this year. hopefully it'll be something that more people will be able to celebrate in a way that maybe they weren't able to last year.
I totally agree.
Well, is there anything else?
Yes. I'm tryna get my checking account balance.
Ah, absolutely. Be happy to help you with that as well Ms. Richards. if you would I just need your account number. is this for your checking account?
Yes.
OK, yeah. If you would let me just get your checking account number and I'll be able to pull up your account information.
All, right. can you hold on for me just a minute and let me get it?
Absolutely!
OK, thank you. All right, I have it.
OK. If you would go ahead Ms. Richards.
OK. It is eight, four, nine six, five, nine.
Alright. That's eight, four, nine, six, five, nine?
OK, I'm sorry that's that's not correct. It's nine, eight, four, six, five, nine.
All right, not a problem. You said that was nine, eight, four, six, five nine?
right.
OK. All right. I think I did get that pulled up for you and just for again security purposes, what was your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
All right Ms. Sanchez pardon me Ms. Richards let me her I tell you it's the end of the day so forgive me for that sometimes it all happens all at once sometime on these calls.
Totally understood.
Now Now Ms. Richards I see your account balance in your checking account balance is five thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars and nineteen cents.
So it's five thousand three hundred twenty-two dollars and nineteen cents.
Yes ma'am.
OK. Thank you very much!
Well, is there anything else we can help you with here today?
No, I think that'll be it.
Well again Ms. Richards we certainly do appreciate your business, we appreciate you of course giving us a call here today and hopefully we'll be seeing you at the branch as you apply for the loan with us here shortly.
Absolutely!
You have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi, welcome to Intellibank. My name is Jennifer. How may I help you today?
Hi I was hoping to find a branch nearby so that I could yeah make a deposit.
OK can I get your address? Like city, state and a ZIP code?
Yeah my address is nine seven five Willow Boulevard in Austin, Texas. Oh I'm sorry let me do that again it's actually nine seven eight Willow Boulevard in Austin, Texas.
OK, thank you, and can you look up your ZIP code for me?
Yeah my ZIP code is five seven nine three one.
OK thank you. So it looks like there's a branch about ten miles away, and that's on Chestnut Street. It's. Do you want the address?
yeah that would be nice.
OK. It says seven zero seven four Chestnut Street Austin, Texas. And the ZIP code on that is five zero six six three. And then there's also another branch about fifteen miles away and that would be on Acorn Boulevard. on I think it's eight zero zero five Acorn Boulevard and the ZIP code on that is five zero six six two.
OK sounds good. what are the hours for both of those?
all of our banks currently open from eight a.m. and then they close at four thirty p.m..
OK sounds good. I'll see if I can make it to one of those. how's your. How are you today? How's your day by the way?
Oh thank you, I'm good. Thank you for asking. How are you?
I'm good, yeah. nothing out of the normal.
Awesome.
Thank you, yeah. so is there anything else I could do for you?
Yeah, so because there aren't any branches like really close to me I was wondering if there's an easier way to maybe make a deposit in the future.
Yeah, so Intellibank offers online banking and deposits, so if you were to go to Intellibank dot com you were. You would be able to set up account and make mobile deposits and withdrawals.
OK and this is on the website? And I can link it to my account, right?
Yes.
OK sounds good
is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm not sure let me see. Let me think really quick. Let me think for a minute.
Yeah do you think we could also just check my account balance really quick?
Yeah of course, may I please have your credit card number?
Yeah my credit card number is four five eight six three seven two one nine one zero three eight six six seven.
OK and just for security question do you remember your pet's name?
Yeah my. Yes, my first pet's name was Hannah.
First pet.
OK, thank you. And just one more time can you confirm your PIN number for your credit card?
Yeah, my PIN number is. Oh give me one second. Yeah my PIN number is three five seven one.
OK thank you. And it looks like. did you want to check your checking or savings account?
my checking please.
OK. Give me one second while I pull that up. OK, thank you for hanging on the line with me. It looks like you have four hundred dollars, and twenty-six cents.
OK sounds good, thank you so much. I think that's pretty much it for me today. do you think you could maybe send me a link to the website or something so I can set up online banking in the future?
Yeah can I get your email?
Yeah my email is going to be D Gray. And that's D G R A Y at Gmail dot com.
OK, just to confirm that's D Gray G R A Y at Gmail dot com.
Yep that's correct.
OK thank you I'll get that right over to you, and is that all for today?
Yeah I think that's it.
OK, thank you for calling Intellibank. I hope you have a great rest of your day.
Thank you, you too.
OK thank you, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Maxine. How may I assist you today?
Yes I am calling to get help closing my account and making a wire transfer.
I'd be happy to assist you with that issue. First I need some information.
I have been in such a rush just getting back from our family vacations at the beach.
That sounds like fun.
Oh yes. We had a the best time even though we all suffer from too much fun.
I can certainly understand. May I have your first and last name?
Mary Smith.
Date of birth?
Four twenty-six nineteen seventy.
Last four digits of your social security number?
Eight five two nine.
And the security question, your mother's maiden name?
Jean. oh. My my mother's maiden name is James.
And the account number to close?
Nine one nine six five two.
And reason for closure?
relocating.
And what deposit account type is it?
Checking.
What is your deposit routing number?
Two three five seven seven nine six three.
Deposit account number?
One eight five two one three.
And your email address?
Excuse me, I am not sure which is on file my new address.
Your email address.
Let me Mary Smith at mail dot com.
Excuse me, I am not sure which one is on is on file. My new address two zero two two Alice Street or my old one three two one Green Road.
Let me check, Miss Smith. Yes. Here it is. Twenty twenty-two Alice Street. And I just need to confirm your information back to you as you have given it to me. Your first and last name is Mary Smith. Date of birth four twenty-six nineteen seventy. Last four digits of your social security number eight five two nine. The security question was your mother's maiden name, James. Account number to close nine one nine six five two. Reason for closure relocating. Deposit account type is checking. Deposit routing number two three five seven seven nine six three. Deposit account number one eight five two one three. And the email address is Mary Smith at mail dot com. With your address at twenty twenty-two Alice Street. Your current balance is six thousand nine hundred and eighty-seven dollars.
Sounds about right.
Now let's address and get that wire transfer started, Miss Smith. Because I have to access a different system, I need to ask your information again. I do apologize for the inconvenience.
That's fine.
First and last name?
Mary Smith.
Date of birth?
Four twenty-six nineteen seventy.
Driver's license or ID number?
E W two one oh five W.
And your mother's maiden name?
Mother's maiden name is James.
And the withdrawal bank account number?
Six nine eight seven four five.
And the dollar amount?
Two thousand five hundred.
And the transfer type. Is it USA or international transfer?
USA.
The deposit routing number?
Nine six five two three three five two zero.
Deposit bank account number?
Nine six five two one zero.
OK. I need to read back and confirm your information for security purposes.
Sure.
Our first and last name Mary Smith, date of birth four twenty-six nineteen seventy. Driver's license number is E as in Edward W as in Walter two one zero five W as in Walter. Security question mother's maiden name James. Withdraw bank account number six nine eight seven four five. Dollar amount twenty-five hundred. Transfer type was USA. Deposit routing number nine six five two three three five two zero. Deposit bank account number nine six five two one zero.
Yes, that's all correct. Will there be a fee for this wire transfer?
All US transactions will retain a fee of two ninety-nine in all fifty states while international transactions are eight ninety-nine per transaction. If funds cannot be accepted it will return to your account within thirty days. One moment while I submit and process your wire transfer.
Thank you.
Your wire transfer has been completed and will be available to the recipient within three business days from today.
Thank you very much.
Would you like further information about online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
Not today.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a nice day.
Thank you Maxine for all your help today.
Good evening, thank you for calling Intellibanking hotline help. Helpline. How may I help you?
Yes hi good evening, my name is Miss Alison Ashworth and I was trying to get information on the intel transfer.
Not a problem Mrs. Ashworth, we'll be glad to be able to assist you this evening. May I please have your date of birth and your social security number or your account number?
sure, not a problem. My date of birth is ten ten nineteen seventy. And I don't have my account number in front of me but I'll give you the last four digits of my social.
Not a problem Mrs. Ashworth.
My last four digits of my social are twenty-four twenty-four.
Well thank you so much, Mrs. Ashworth. That'll be great. Let me see if I can possibly find your account. Can you possibly give me your street address please?
Sure, not a problem. It should be four oh nine Ashview Lane.
Thank you so much Mrs. Ashworth. Is that still in West Palm Beach Florida?
It sure is.
OK, thank you so much Mrs. Ashworth. Let me go ahead and pull up your information. OK Mrs. Ashworth, I'm logged into your account. What exactly are you looking for to do today?
Well, I want to do internal transfer. I would like to move money from my savings account back into my checking account. Can you help me with that this evening?
We definitely can help you with this Mrs. Ashworth. since you don't have your account number in front of you I'll need to verify the last transaction that took place with your both of your accounts that you have with us.
Oh sure, that's not a problem. Well with my checking account I spent thirty dollars at Walmart and that was Monday evening.
Thank you so much Mrs. Ashworth. And what about your savings account, what was the last transaction that took place for that account?
There should have been a mobile deposit of about twenty-five hundred dollars and that was yesterday evening.
Thank you so much for providing that information Mrs. Ashworth, I see that on our file. That's great. So we'll be able to do your transfer for you over the phone today from your checking. I apologize. From your savings to your checking. How much money are you looking over. How much money are you looking to move this evening?
Well I was trying to do, let's see, two thousand dollars from my savings over to my checking.
Oh yeah, we can definitely handle that, not a problem. Just give me one brief moment and I'll get that going for you.
Well thank you so much.
not a problem Mrs. Ashworth. Just one moment please and I'll be back on the line. OK Mrs. Ashworth, we've got you all set up. I was able to transfer two thousand dollars from your savings account over to your checking. Please allow twenty-four to forty-eight hours for that transaction to post.
Oh well that's wonderful, thank you so much for doing that. I did have one more question. I did give you my address could you possibly tell me the nearest local branch from my home?
Oh sure, not a problem. You said you were in West Palm Beach, correct?
Yes, I'm in West Palm Beach and I gave you my address.
Oh, not a problem. I see that here Mrs. Ashworth. Well there are six actually local branches near your home, I'll give you the closest one.
Oh yeah please the closest one.
OK the closest one from your house is about four miles and their hours are Monday through Friday nine to five. They're open on Saturdays and closed on Sundays. Their hours on Saturday is at twelve to five.
OK that's wonderful, thank you so much for doing that. I was interested in actually ordering checks, how does that work?
Well, since you've been a loyal customer with us for some few years, it will now be no charge. We'll mail that to your home, it will take between three to five business days.
Oh that's just great, that's just wonderful. Well actually is there any possible way you can send that checks to my husband's business instead of to our home address?
not a problem Mrs. Ashworth, I'll just need the actual address to add to your file.
OK, not a problem. It's thirteen thirty five F Road and that's in Waxahatchee, Florida.
OK, not a problem. Thank you so much. And that. Those checks will be mailed to your husband's address. Business address, I apologize, within the next three to five business days. Is that all you needed help with this evening Mrs. Ashworth?
yeah, I believe that's it. it was my internal transfer, I even ordered checks and it's free of charge. That's correct right?
Yes ma'am it's free of charge as long as you have an active account with us and you're not in the negatives, it'll be free of charge.
OK great, so I got my checks coming in to my husband's business and we're able to do the internal transfer, that's just great. I think that's all I needed help with today, thank you so much.
Not a problem Mrs. Ashworth. Should you have any other questions or any concerns, please feel free to give us a call. We're here morning, noon and night to assist you.
Well thank you so much, I appreciate your time and your effort.
Not a problem Mrs. Ashworth, you have yourself a great evening.
You do the same thing too darling and thank you so much for your time.
Not a problem.
Thanks for. Thanks for banking with Intel banking. You have yourself a great evening.
You do the same, thank you so much.
Not a problem.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Katrina. How can I help you?
Hey Katrina how you doing? I I got a weird question for ya, I don't know if they still call it this or not but, I was just thinking you know, fourth of July is coming up this weekend barbeques and stuff like that, which do you have plans for over the fourth of July, have big plans big barbeque ready?
Yeah actually I'm going to my aunt's barbeque. I'm looking forward to it all my families gonna be there it's gonna be such a nice change of pace. You know it's gonna be, it's gonna be awesome.
Nice and and I I you know just real quick about a barbeque, I just have to say this it makes all the difference in the world. Using charcoal over gas on the barbeque grill.
That's so funny because I was just saying that to my dad yesterday the the smell of the charcoal is just so well you can't beat that I agree.
It it makes it.
It totally makes it.
Oh your making me hungry.
So I was just thinking. I was thinking back to when I was a kid and you know like I said fourth of July is coming up this weekend. And we all know once fourth of July hits, Christmas is around the corner. And when I was a kid my my aunt and my everybody in my family, my mom and everybody but my aunt would organize it every year. She used to call it, it was she would set up Christmas club accounts for us. I wanna get. I wanna set up I don't know if they still call it that or whatever, but I want to set up an account and this way every week, I can just you know go and transfer money from from my one account to my this new account. This way I have money come you know which I'll probably wait till the last minute to do my Christmas shopping. So this way I can get you know my wife and my kids and my you know I have grandkids. I can be ahead of the curve financially and ready to make all those nice purchases.
Oh yeah I remember those.
I love it. I remember that. My mom used to open those up for me the Christmas club. We don't have that at Intellibank right now. I actually am gonna put that in our suggestion box Thank you.
So there you go.
OK.
But this is crazy, but like I didn't even get your name yet. So what is your first and last name?
All right, it's John Walters.
I I'm assuming John obviously you said you already had an account with us.
Mhm.
So so you wanna set up a savings account?
Yes.
OK all right so what is your date of birth Mr. Walters?
Alright it's October fifteenth nineteen seventy.
OK and the last four digits of your social?
OK it is nine six two five.
OK and then your security question? Your best man at your wedding?
Frank.
Perfect, and your account number?
Mkay, the account number is Zero.
Mhm.
Mhm
Seven.
Mhm
Five.
OK.
One.
Uh-huh.
Six.
Uh-huh.
Three.
huh.
Three two.
OK.
OK.
Could you read that back to me please?
OK.
Sure, it's zero seven five one six three three two.
Oh wait wait way way way way.
Is that is that is not not correct?
No I think I think I'm missing a number, hang on hang on.
OK.
All right, let's let's let's start let's start over with the account number. OK you ready?
OK.
Yes, go ahead.
All right, it's oh seven five.
Mhm.
Two one six.
Mhm.
Three three two.
OK so that's oh seven five two one six three three two.
That's it, OK now we're right. Yeah.
OK. And here you are. Yeah.
OK OK and this is a checking account. So you wanna go ahead and we'll set up a savings for you? Now do you wanna take I'm assuming your gonna take money from your checking to open up this savings?
Please.
So we can do it right now? OK. So you have four thousand dollars in your checking. How much do you want to put into the new savings account?
Right.
Yes.
Let's just do two hundred to get it started.
OK perfect.
OK so we're gonna do two hundred and so let's pick a security question for you for this new.
OK.
Savings account. do you wanna do your mom's maiden name, or the name of your favorite pet, like what are you thinking?
Let's let's do Let's do favorite pet.
OK, what's the answer to that?
Sophia.
Sophia Oh Sophia is that your pet now or?
Yeah she's an amazing beautiful little dog.
Oh very nice. My mom's name is Sophia, so .
Oh, OK.
That's interesting. OK so and I just wanted to let you know that there's a monthly fee maintenance fee for the savings account.
OK.
I I was gonna ask that I kind of figured.
Right did you just want the basic savings account?
OK, so yeah there'll be a four dollar monthly fee.
Yes. Yeah.
OK.
On that savings account, is that OK with you?
Yeah that's fine.
OK so I'm just going to move ahead, and could I possibly get a a good email for you?
Yeah it is,
Mhm.
John.
OK.
Walters.
OK.
Ten fifteen.
OK.
at Gmail dot com.
OK so John Waters ten fifteen at Gmail and would you want to me to send you a link to set set up online banking?
Yeah you know I was thinking that because, like I was saying with the whole you know Christmas club like my aunt used to handle and you know that was before computers and stuff like that. So I I'm guessing you know if I do it this way, this way I can just go in each week after I get paid from work and I can just transfer, you know whatever I think I can do that week to to build up this account.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Perfect.
OK that sounds great. Alright all right so I'm gonna email you your gonna get a confirmation of your new account and your account number and then you will get obviously do you want a debit card on that?
Or do you wanna just keep it as just a savings? Like is it something that you wanna dip into? Should I set up a card for you?
Is it something.
Is it something I could do later?
Yes you don't have to do that right now. Yes, you can think about that. OK. Absolutely. And so I have the email sent to you about the online banking. It'll send you through, it'll prompt you through, it's really easy but if you do have any problems you can always call us back, you know no worries.
OK.
All right, let me think about that.
But OK, so you have some emails coming to you.
Thank you.
And they should be in your email within the next five minutes. If not, give us a call back if there's any problems and is there anything else I can help you with today?
Mm that's it.
Alright great and have fun for Christmas with your your newly savings account.
Let let's let's focus on the fourth of July first.
OK take care.
You too.
Bye.
By~.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
hi. My name's Charlene and I was requesting your help in finding an ATM?
Near nearby me. .
Oh no problem. So first I will gather some information for you so I can help you with that. First, can I have your name please?
My name is Charlene Peterson.
Alright thank you for that. And can I ask for your account number please?
wait a minute let me check my bag.
Sure, no problem.
Thank you.
OK. I've got it.
OK.
OK. My account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two three.
Alright thank you.
Oh, sorry. I think I made a mistake in one digit. Can I repeat it again please?
Sure.
Yes, you may.
OK.
Once again three five.
Four six six eight seven nine two four. Yeah.
Alright, thank you so much. Can I also get your address please?
OK. My address is nine thirty three Brookside Street at Garland City Texas and my code is seven five zero four one.
Alright, thank you so much for that.
So I do see a nearby ATM for you in your city. It's about five miles from the address that you gave me and would you like me to give you the address for that ATM?
Yes. Yes please.
Let me look for a pencil to note it down.
Sure.
OK.
OK. So the address is two six four.
-huh.
High Water.
OK.
Street.
In Garland City, Texas.
Oh.
So that address is about five miles from where you are. There are also other nearby ATMs but they are a little farther one's in let's see.
It's in Dallas, Texas and there are also other nearby ATMs with other different banks.
So if you wanted to you know may a deposit or withdrawal real quick you can also do so at the different banks. That is fine as well.
And would you like information about the fees for ATMs at Intellibank?
Yes I will love so.
But anyway first how is the weather taking you these days?
Oh the weather is really great! I think today is kind of hot.
Oh. That's nice to hear.
Yeah I I love hot weather.
Oh that's great.
Yeah.
All right. So I could tell you about the fees now about the ATMs. So at the ATM for Intellibank if you make a withdrawal there is two dollar fee for each withdrawal.
So has to be a ten ten dollar limit withdrawal it has to be at least ten dollars because the fee is two dollars and for check deposits there are no fees.
Uh-huh.
No fees at all.
Correct for a for a check deposit.
For a check deposit.
Yes.
that's interesting to know.
Yeah. and I'm not sure about the fees for other banks if you want to use another bank's ATM you would have to call them first because every bank is different but at Intellibank it's only the two dollar fee for the withdrawal and no fee for the deposit.
Oh there's no like standard fee among each and every bank?
Right. Correct.
Oh.
And the daily limit the daily withdrawal limit for at Intellibanks will be five hundred dollars so you will not be able to withdraw more than five hundred dollars a day.
What about if I requests to move remove more? If I want more?
If you would like more withdrawn you'll have to go into a branch.
Oh. OK, then.
Yeah. All right. Yeah. Would you like any other help today?
Thank you.
No that's all for today.
Alright. Thank you so much for calling at Intellibank today. Take care.
No thank you.
Hello, this is Josie with Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi Josie, I'd lik to make a bank transfer please.
I can help you with that. What kind of a transfer are you looking to do sir?
I would like to transfer some money from my savings into my checking account. I'm gonna take out my girlfriend. For fun night out.
Well, I'm sure she will enjoy that. One moment, let me. If I could get your account information. You're starting from the savings account. Can you provide your savings account number sir?
Yes ma'am. my savings account number is nine zero zero one three zero.
Nine zero zero one three zero. Let my pull that up. One moment please. All right, I have pulled up your savings account information. Can you please give me your name and birth date?
Yes. My name is Michael Johnson.
OK, and your birth date sir.
Oh sorry about that I forgot. My birthday is March, twentieth nineteen ninety-seven.
Thank you. And just to validate this account can you also provide If you have your driver's license number? We also have a credit card number on file either one.
Sure hold on I got my driver's license around here somewhere. Just a moment please.
OK here It is. My driver's license number is two four seven three six nine two seven.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson. That's what we have on file. OK so we're looking to transfer money from your savings account. Do you have your checking account number sir?
Yes. The checking account number should be, nine zero zero four seven one.
Nine zero zero four seven one OK, thank you. Let me pull that up as well OK. What is the dollar amount that you would like to transfer from your savings to your checking account?
Five hundred dollars please.
Five hundred dollars OK. Your current balance, before this transfer in your savings account is one thousand two hundred dollars and fifty-three cents. and that will be transferring five hundred dollars from your savings account into your checking account your checking account balance at present, before the transfer is four hundred sixty-five dollars and two cents One moment. Let me go ahead and enter this information. I'll be right back OK. thank you, sir, for holding. I have entered this information. Transferring five hundred dollars from your savings account number nine zero zero one three zero to your checking account. Number nine zero zero four seven one and that will be five hundred dollars effective tomorrow, October, the thirteenth twenty twenty. Is there anything else I can do to help you sir?
Yes. Would you mind telling me real quick, what the what y'all the hours are for the Intelligence Bank?
For Intellibank, yes sir. Our hours on Monday through Friday are from nine a.m. until five p.m. and on Saturdays, we are open from nine a.m. until two p.m..
OK, thank you very much and you said this transfer would occur today or sometime this week?
Yes. That will be effective tomorrow since it is after business hours. So it will be effective tomorrow.
OK, that's great. I'm I plan on taking her out tomorrow. So that'll coinside perfectly. Have you ever been to Xena's?
No sir, I have not. Is that a restaurant?
Oh yeah, Xena's X E N A. Great food, great food. I'm a big fan of their lump crab cakes but my golly are they expensive. So But I I guess I guess that's all I have. Thank you very much, Josie.
Thank Mr. Johnson. I did wanna ask you, would you like any further information about setting up an online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
Sure is it like an app or how would I do that?
Absolutely, you can download the app . From your phone. The app is called The Intellibank Cash App. So if you search for that you'll be able to download it. It will prompt you for your account information. It will also give you some validation questions such as your check Texas driver's license number and it'll ask you information like your birth date. To varify that this is your account and once you set that up you'll have it on your phone and you'll have the ability to move the money on your own without having to call us in the future.
OK I'll I'll definitely check that out when I get home later. Thanks for letting me know and sorry for calling y'alls bank by the wrong name.
Oh that's quite all right Mr. Johnson. I hope you have a wonderful evening.
You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Mika, how may I assist you today?
Hey Mika, how are you doing today? It's so beautiful out!
Why yes ma'am it sure is and I'm doing just fine. And how are you doing?
Oh, I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. Now, the reason I'm calling, my brother, he's in the Airforce and him and his wife and my nephew, they now live all the way up in Dover. And you know of course, we're down here in Georgia. But, I would love to be able to try to get some money out to my brother so he can get my nephew a present from me for his birthday since I won't be able to visit. And I was calling to see if you guys do anything like that. And also, if you do, would there be any kind of charge that's actually why I'm calling you guys, cuz Western Union is so expensive. I really don't want to use them so I figured I'd give you you guys a call first.
Why yes ma'am, absolutely. We sure do. Now does your brother bank with us?
Yes ma'am, he he actually still does.
All right, well that's great then. There would be no charge at all to to do a transfer over to him.
OK, well that sounds great. what do I need to do to do that?
Well ma'am, I would be more than happy to go ahead and help you out with that. I do need to get some information from you first so I can pull up your account. May I please have your first and last name?
Yes ma'am. My name is Doris Ray. R A Y.
All right Mrs. Ray, thank you for that information. May I also have your date of birth please?
Sure, it's February the seventh nineteen eighty-six.
All right, so February the seventh nineteen eighty-six.
Yes ma'am.
Thank you so much for that information. And may I also have your driver's license number please?
Sure. It's B as in boy, eight nine eight four two zero seven seven two five nine.
All right ma'am, I have B as in boy, eight nine eight four two zero seven seven two five nine.
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
Wonderful, thank you so much. Now, what type of account is it that you're wanting to withdraw the money from?
It would be from my checking. And it's also going to my brothers checking.
All right, thank you for that ma'am. may I have that account number for your first please?
sure. It's zero nine six one zero two three five four.
All right ma'am, I have your checking account number as zero nine six one zero two three five four.
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
All right, thank you for that. And may I have your brothers checking account number please?
Sure. It is four one six five one zero one four four.
All right ma'am, I have four one six five one zero one four four.
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
All right, and how much would you like to send?
Oh, let's see. I'll send him a little bit extra too so he can get him a really good present. I was thinking maybe something along the lines of one of those little electric cars that kids drive around, I can't think of the name of those. how about we send five hundred dollars.
All right ma'am. Well that is very nice, your nephew is blessed to have you as a aunt. So I have five hundred dollars. gimme just one moment to go ahead and get that sent over for you.
OK. Great, thank you.
All right Mrs. Ray, I do have that sent over for you and that money should be available as of immediately. And just to let you know, in the future, I mean if you want to go ahead and call us if you're wanting to send them some more money, we'd be more than happy to help you out with that. But you can also go into any of our branch locations to do a transfer or, you can go online to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and use the online banking which is absolutely free as well. And you can send it right on over that way and you can do that at any time, any day you like.
Oh really? Thank you!
Not a problem Miss Ray. Is there anything else that I could help you with today?
No ma'am, I think that does it. Thank you so much for your help Mika.
Not a problem Mrs. Ray. You have a wonderful day and thank you for choosing Intellibank.
Hello this is Josie with Intellibank. How may I help you?
Hi Josie I'd like to make well two things. I would first I would like to make a wire transfer and the second thing is I would like your help in locating a branch.
I'll be happy to help you with that. One moment let me let me collect some information about your wire transfer request. so if you could please give me your full name and birthdate?
Sure my name is Michael Johnson and my birthday is March twentieth nineteen ninety-seven.
Thank you Mr. Johnson. One moment please. OK I have pulled up some information. May I ask you for an authenticating ID? if you have your driver's license number that would be helpful.
Sure I got my driver's license right here. are you are you ready?
Yes sir .
Two four seven five six nine seven six.
Thank you Mr. Johnson. One moment. OK. I did validate that. I do need to ask you another validation question. could you please confirm what is the name of your first pet?
that's Judge. J U D G E.
correct. That's what we have on file. Thank you for confirming that Mr. Johnson. All right for your wire transfer, can you give me the bank account number of the account where you would like the money to be pulled from.
Sure. Yeah I would like to transfer from my checking account to my savings sorry. I would like to transfer from my savings account to my checking account. And the savings account number I have it right here. It's three four seven one one zero.
And that is your savings account three four seven one one zero. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am my that's my savings account number.
Very good and what is the dollar amount for your wire transfer?
I'd like to make a one thousand dollar wire transfer.
OK. I need to ask you if the account that you're transferring into, is it a domestic account or is it an international account?
Oh I apologize yeah the the savings account which I am transferring from is an international account and I'm transferring it to someone in the United States to their checking account.
OK,
Very good.
I mean the savings account is is my account. apologies.
OK. Very good. and what is the account that you would like the money deposited into?
Oh the checking account number? the checking account number is four two seven nine nine eight.
Four two seven nine nine eight. OK. And I will need the routing number for that checking account number that you'd like it to be transferred into.
Yeah the the name of the institution is Sunrise Banks yeah that's what it's called. It's called Sunrise Banks is where I'm transferring this to. To the checking account that is, and I think the routing number for them is three yeah here it is. three one four two zero zero one five two seven.
OK that was three one four two zero zero one five two seven. OK One moment, let me go ahead and enter this information.
OK Mr. Johnson, let me confirm the information. You are requesting a transfer a wire transfer out of your savings account, three four seven one one zero. your current balance in that account is five thousand two hundred and eighty-seven dollars and fifty-two cents. at this point. we are going to be transferring one thousand dollars from that account into your checking account with Sunrise Bank. The routing number is three one four two zero zero one five two seven. And your deposit account number for your checking account is four two seven nine nine eight. Again, that is one thousand dollars that you would like to wire transfer. This wire transfer is being initiated today but the transaction will not occur until tomorrow and tomorrow is October the thirteenth twenty twenty-one.
OK. That all sounds good.
OK is there anything else I can help you with this wire transfer before I help you with your branch information?
no that'll be it.
OK. so, you said you were looking for a branch for Intellibank. can you give me your location sir?
Yes I live on one two four Churchill Avenue.
what is the city and the state?
In Austin Texas.
OK that's one two four Churchill Avenue Austin Texas?
Correct.
One moment. Let me look this up sir.
OK I found a few locations some nearby branches for Intellibank. there is a branch about five miles from you. It's on five five two Johnson Street. those that branch is open Monday through Friday from nine a.m. till five p.m.. On Saturdays they are open from nine a.m. till two p.m.. There is also another branch, it's a little bit further away. but is has longer hours and that's at one two zero zero Stratton Street. and those hours are from eight a.m. until six p.m. Monday through Friday. And on Saturdays they're open from nine a.m. until five p.m.. So that has that branch has a little bit longer hours depending on what you're looking for.
OK thank you very much.
would you like some more information about online banking so that you can check your accounts more conveniently in the future if you wanted to check your balances there are different ways that you can do that online.
I'm not sure about online banking. I heard I'm not sure if this is true but I heard you had to pay for it? Is that correct?
No sir online banking is free. it is a courtesy we give to our customers and most of our customers find it's very convenient. they can look up their balances even when our branches are not open.
Oh it's free. OK I might check that out later in my own time.
OK is there anything else I can do to help you Mr. Johnson?
no that'll be it Josie. Thank you very much.
All right have a wonderful day.
You too. bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy.
How may I help you? Hi Daisy, so my wife usually keeps you know, cash on hand. About five hundred in the house at any given time. Well her Mom is sick so she's out of town taking care of her and I don't have any spending cash.
OK. So you're looking to make a withdrawal?
Yes.
Alright and would you like me to lookup the nearest branch or an ATM for you?
I think an ATM would work for me. I prefer ATMs.
OK. So let's go ahead and find you an ATM. Are we looking for the ATM nearest your house?
Yeah.
Alright. And can you give me your address please?
Yeah, it's one fifty-three Pinecone Circle. It's in Branson, Missouri and ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you. One moment while I lookup locations. OK. So the we have three ATMs within one mile of you. The first one is at two twenty-eight Laverne Court The second ATM is at one sixty-seven Pittsburgh Way. And then we have a non-Intellibank ATM at seven forty-nine Hope Avenue Now since that is not related and associated to Intellibank, there will be a four dollar non-refundable transaction fee, and you have a four hundred dollar limit at any one of those ATMs per day. Does that help you out?
you said it's a four hundred dollar daily limit?
Yeah.
OK. while I got you on the phone, could you check my balance?
Absolutely. May I have your full name and address?
Yeah. My name is George Emory and I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson, Missouri. The ZIP code is five five three two four but you already have that
Yeah, sorry about that.
And my phone number is six one two two two nine three nine zero nine.
OK, and George can you confirm the last four of your social for me?
Sure, it's four four eight one.
And what was your first pet's name?
Wink.
And which account would you like to verify today? Which Which one would you like a balance for? Your checking or your savings?
check my checking card please.
OK.
And what is that account number?
could you just give me a second? I'll go check in my cabinet to see if I have the number.
Sure. No problem. Take your time.
Thanks.
OK. I have the number if you're ready.
I'm ready.
It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Great, and your balance is one thousand eight hundred ninety-two dollars and seventy-six cents. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
could you tell me what email is listed on my account?
We have G Emory at hotmail dot com.
OK. Could you update it to my new email address?
Absolutely. One moment while I port the screen we need to do that. And I'm ready.
OK. It's similar to my last email but it's G F Emory at Gmail dot com
So G F E M O R Y at Gmail dot com.
Yeah.
Perfect. OK. I've made that change for you. Now, George, are you interested in receiving email communications regarding upcoming promotions and account information?
sure, why not.
OK and would you like to receive those daily, weekly or on a monthly basis?
let me get it weekly please.
Weekly emails. Alright and do you need any information regarding how to access our online banking?
Yeah. I tried to do it a couple of days ago but it didn't give me access.
Oh I see. Have you ever logged in before?
I wasn't able to.
OK, so you've never had access to Intellibank's online banking?
No.
Alright. So for first time users of the online banking service, you must login by clicking first time users enroll here. That will bring you to a link where you'll have to read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number, your social your date or birth and create a password. Once you're logged in you'll be prompted to choose and answer five security questions and also enroll in the one time security code feature. Does that all make sense?
Yeah that makes sense.
Great. Would you like me to shoot you that information in an email right now?
Yes please.
Alright and you should receive that email very shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's all I needed.
Great, have a great day. Bye bye now.
You too. Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. this is my second call I made about this. I I'm disputing a transaction I made on my gold card. maybe I need to come by a branch.
Understood. I certainly will see if I can assist you with that. Will be glad to assist you with that ma'am. if you would what is your name?
Ebony Richards.
Ms. Richards. Thank you for that.
Yes. I need to get the status on this.
Absolutely. I will be happy to give you the status. Are you speaking of time frame? Or just what's happening with the the dispute?
Yeah. What's happening with it and the time frame.
OK. Terrific. Understood. just need to verify your account so that I could provide you with accurate information. Ms. Richards, what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
All right. And what is your phone number?
Six seven eight. Three six one. Eight zero three one.
Terrific. Thank you for that. And just a couple a bit. More of of information ma'am. what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
All right. And you said the gold card was what you're disputing when you called in before?
Yes.
OK. What is your gold card number? Do you have that?
Yes I do.
All right. And what's that number ma'am?
Four four seven nine. Six five three two. Seven four four six. Three nine two six.
OK. That's four four seven nine. Six five three two. Seven four four six. Three nine two six?
Yes.
All right. Terrific. I was able to pull that up. Let's see here.
Yes because I definitely need to know how long it's gonna to take to get this done.
Sure. Absolutely. Just so that you know while I'm pulling this up. Ordinarily, it takes about thirty days when you dispute a transaction for the process to be completed because the disputed transaction goes over to our fraud and security department. What they then do is investigate the transaction. they may. For instance. Reach out to the place or retailer where the transaction occurred. they may request receipts from either your or from the retailer. they may of course reach out to you as well to ask further questions. So. Because of the volume of transactions that we process. And obviously customer concerns. it takes a little bit of time for them to be able to go through each and every particular concern. So that's why it's a thirty day window. Generally speaking. now having said that. I'll be more than happy to assist you. You know. With finding a branch as you mentioned earlier. so if you wanna. For instance. Go in and speak to one of our bank officers there at the branch. They'll be able to potentially help with answering questions that they may be asking for you. And you can do that directly in person if they need signatures. Or what have you. On documents.
OK. Yes I understand and I would like to do that.
Certainly. let me just ask so that I can find a branch. near where you might be. What's the street address that you would be near?
Sixty-three Central Avenue.
All right. So that's six three Central Avenue?
Yes.
what city is that in?
Shreveport.
Shreveport. And that's in what state?
Louisiana.
All right. Ms. Richards let me see if I can pull this up for you and find a few options for you. again certainly understand your concern and we certainly are gonna see if we can get this taken care of for you. But how is your day going?
Ooh the day is going pretty well. The weather is cooling off.
yes. Indeed. Indeed. And you know. It's turning into fall time. So it's definitely gonna be a cooling off period here pretty soon.
It is. I like that this time of year.
Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. Well Ms. Richards I found a location that's about a half mile away. That's at five twenty-three. Riverway Drive.
OK. That works.
OK. Terrific. that is. Hours of that particular location are nine a.m. till four p.m.. Monday through Friday.
OK.
And is there anything else I can help you with Ms. Richards?
No.
Again. Certainly appreciate you giving us a call and again if you stop by the branch. I'm sure they will be able to provide you with further assistance as well.
All right. Thank you.
You have a good day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling bank customer services. This is Steven, how can I help you?
Uh, yes I need to check my balance of my checking account, please.
Certainly I can help you with that. Can I get your full name and date of birth, please.
Dan Thomas T H O M A S May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you, sir.
And can I have the last four of your social?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you. And your address, please.
I recently moved so I don't know if you've got my new address or not. my old address is one five five Magnolia Avenue, Canyon Country, California nine one three eight seven and my new address is seventy-six Sunbeam drive, Canyon Country California nine one three eight seven
All right, sir yes I do see that all the addresses been on here I'll go ahead and update that for you.
OK, thank you.
All right, I've got that updated and then just for security can you verify the answer to the following question? what was the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
R O C K Y.
Excellent, thank you, sir I've got that verified and I've got your account pulled up.
All right, and you are just wanting to check the balance of your account today?
Yes, my checking account please.
Absolutely. I see here that you have an available balance of nine hundred and sixty-four dollars and twenty-eight cents.
OK sounds good.
Alright, sir. And can I interest you in setting up online banking so you can check your balance and really just do about everything you can by calling us on online banking at your own convenience.
yes.
I think I'll be interested in that.
Excellent, sir. Well, I can certainly get you set up with that let me just verify the email address we have for you is correct. That's D Thomas at ABC dot com?
Yes, that's right.
Excellent, and is that the email address that you would like any communication or words for your online banking to be sent to?
Yes, please.
All right, I've got that and just go ahead and generate a username and a temporary password for you.
And whenever you're ready, if you wanna write those down.
OK, a second let me just grab something to write with.
Absolutely.
OK, I'm ready.
All right, so your username is going to be D Thomas T H O M A S and then the number zero zero five
OK.
All right, and your temporary password is going to be capital B capital L six five capital W nine.
OK I've got that written down.
Excellent, so now all you'll need to do is go to the bank dot com home page and look at the top right hand corner of that page and there'll be a location for you to sign in. Enter those credentials that I gave you and it will prompt to you to create your own unique password and then it will take you through to the rest of the setup steps.
OK, that sounds pretty easy.
All right, sir. Well, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I don't believe so.
All right. Well, if you'd just hang on the line for me, there's gonna be a brief survey that you can fill out let us know how we did today, how we can better assist you with your banking needs in the future, and if you have no other questions, then I'll let you have a great day.
OK, I appreciate it.
You as well, sir. Have a nice one.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven. How can I help you?
yeah, I think I would like to check the balance of my checking account.
All right, I can certainly help you with that. Can I get your full name, please?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S.
And, my date of birth is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
All right, sir. Thank you. And, can I have the last four of your social, please?
Eight zero one one.
All right, sir. And, can I have you verify your identity for me by answering the following question?
What was your mother's maiden name?
Green, G R E E N.
All right, sir, thank you. I've verified that information.
And you were wanting to check the balance of your checking account?
yeah, on second thought I'm having to buy some new tires for my car and let's just close my savings account and let's move the money to my checking account, please.
All right, sir. I can I can help you with that.
Can I get the account number for your savings account, please?
just one second, let me look it up.
Not a problem, take your time.
OK. it is two zero nine zero two one.
Eight four two zero.
All right. That's two zero nine.
Zero two one eight four two zero, correct?
That is correct.
All right, sir.
And can I ask, why is it that you were wanting to close out your savings account today?
yeah, I just don't get very much interest on it and I'm tired of the monthly fee.
All right, sir. I can understand that.
I will get that taken care of for you, and I see that's going to leave a residual balance of three hundred and ninety-seven dollars and twelve cents.
OK. And and yeah I want that moved to my checking account.
OK.
Can I have the account number for your checking account?
Seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine.
That's seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine, correct?
That is correct.
All right, sir. I'll get this processed for you. One moment.
How's the weather up there where you're at?
the weather's been doing pretty good. We've got that nice fall weather coming through, so it's it's been cool but sunny and just really nice to be outside.
Yeah, that's about how is it here. Very nice. I like it.
Oh yes. Fall's my favorite time of the year.
It is mine also.
All right, sir. I've got that processed and I've got your savings account closed.
You will receive a notice in the mail with the full details of the closure.
but do rest assured that that account has been closed out. And the funds have been transferred to your checking account.
You should see them available there within twenty-four to forty-eight hours.
OK. That sounds great.
All right, sir. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
can you tell me what hours and days that most branches are open?
Yes, sir. all of our branches are going to be open Monday through Friday from eight a.m. to five p.m.. Except for on federally recognized holidays.
And then, most our branches will also be open on Saturdays from nine a.m. to two p.m..
OK. That sounds great.
All right, and is there anything else that I can help you with, sir?
certainly can't think of anything.
OK. Well, if you'll just hold on the line for me, there's gonna be a short survey that comes up.
It will allow you to tell us how we did today, and how we can better service your banking needs in the future.
OK. I appreciate it.
You too, sir. You have a great evening.
All right, thank you.
Thank you.
OK.
Good morning. Thank your calling Intellibank this is Mike. My operator two three four, how can I help you?
Hi I got a mail this today and It say something about you guys raising the fees, my monthly fee.
On my my savings account, actually.
No problem, ma'am. Just let me get some small information so I can get access to your account. Then I'll be able to help you out there. could you give me your first and last name?
Yes. Latoya Johnson.
No problem. And the date of birth.
It is May fifth nineteen eighty-nine.
No problem. and the last four of the social?
Seventy-four oh five.
Thank you and the last question you have a double clearance security question on your account. what is the name of the block that you grew up on?
Nelson.
OK that is correct. Give me a few seconds ma'am while I access the account.
OK.
OK ma'am I have your account information with me. and you were calling again in regards to what ma'am?
The savings account, it the fees. It look like you guys are raising the fee next month I don't know what is going on. why are you guys raising the fee? And how did this happen? Nobody notify me about this.
Other than lately?
Well ma'am we've sent out brochures stating that the maintenance fee for the saving will increase by one point two five percent. the reason why we're doing that because the interest compound on your savings is also gonna increase. So if you have a nice amount in your account the compound interest that you receive each month will be higher so therefore the maintenance fee on the account is going from thirty dollars to forty-nine ninety-nine. But you can avoid that fee if you keep a minimum of a thousand dollars in your checking account.
No, I don't think I want to do this anymore. I don't think I want it anymore.
OK ma'am. So are would you like to close out the account?
Yes. At this point yes. I cannot do the fee.
No problem ma'am. you also have total free checking would you like to transfer that into a interest free savings or checking account ma'am?
The checking account.
No problem ma'am. if I can just ask you if you have the checking account number so I can access the account ma'am. And also I'll need the account number that you are closing out.
All right. Let me hold on for a minute. Let me look for this before.
No problem, take your time ma'am. I'm here to assist.
OK. Which number should I start with first again?
Well I would need the savings account number so I can close it out.
All right. The savings account number is, let's see hold on. Three four one twenty-nine oh two. seventy-four three.
No problem ma'am. Give me a second.
OK ma'am. I have access to your savings account. And you say you want to close out your account today. and and may I ask the reason why you want to close out the account ma'am?
Yeah, I do not want to be acquiring fees and don't know where you guys changing the fee every time you can.
Please close it out for me.
No problem ma'am. And at which point I will be transferring all funds from your savings to your checking and closing out your savings account.
May I please have the account number that you would like to transfer the funds from the savings into?
Yes. That one it is three two one forty-five three seven four eighty-nine.
OK thank you ma'am. Give me one second while I complete this transaction. then I have a little information for you. and that'll be it.
OK.
Well, thank you Intellibank, this is crazy.
No no problem ma'am. Always nice to be of service. It's Intellibank. And we are always here for you.
Oh. Oh. I always get the name mixed up, sorry.
No problem ma'am. That transaction is complete. Your savings account is closed out. And the amount of eight seventy-four thirty-two has been transferred to your checkings account. you will receive a confirmation number in a e-statement in your email and they will mail you out a paper statement stating the transaction that happened here today, within the next seven to ten business days.
Mhm.
And I thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mike Mike. operator two three four. Is there anything else I can do for you today ma'am?
No that's just about it. Thank you very much.
No problem ma'am. Thank you for your service. if you could just hold the line once the call end, there is a thirty second opinion survey on my customer service. If you could just answer the prompts it'll take thirty seconds. And I thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a blessed day.
You too. Bye.
Hello this is Josie with Intellibank, how may I help you?
hi Josie, I need to make a wire transfer as soon as possible, and could you tell me if when or when this wire transfer will occur once it's initiated?
yes sir, if we initiate today the transfer will occur by close of business today, as long as we initiate it today before two o'clock which you're it's noon right now over here so that's we should have no problem with that.
OK, that's that's just great. It's kind of a long story but I was gambling at in New Orleans at Harrah's and and my gosh I lost a a a fair amount of money. And I and I was, let me tell you I was riding high, I was doing well. Anyway point is now I don't have enough money to pay the IRS, I have a penalty and so I need money in my checking account as soon as possible.
OK, let me help you with that, one moment. can you give me your first and your last name?
Yes, my name Michael Johnson.
OK Mr. Johnson, I'll be happy to help you with that. And I need to get your date of birth as well?
My date of birth is March twentieth nineteen ninety-seven.
Thank you. And I need to get an authentication ID, something like if you have your drivers license number we can use that.
Yeah, sure I have my drivers excuse me, I have my driver's license number right here. Are you ready?
Yes sir.
Two four seven five six nine two seven.
Thank you Mr. Johnson, let me repeat. Two four seven five six nine two seven. Is that correct?
Yes, that's correct.
All right, let me put you on hold for one moment so I can pull up your account information.
OK Mr. Johnson, thank you for holding. I did pull up this information. I do need to ask you a security question. Could you please confirm your mother's maiden name?
yes, my mother's maiden name is Jeffries.
Could you spell that please, sir?
yes of course. J E F F R I E S.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson. Confirmed. let me go ahead and help you process this transfer. Could you give me the account number that you would like to transfer the funds from?
yes this is my savings account and it is the the savings account number is eight five zero one seven eight.
Thank you. Eight five zero one seven eight. And confirming that is your savings account.
OK, what is the dollar amount that you'd like to transfer?
I owe a quite an amount oh excuse me, I owe quite a bit in taxes but I'm just trying to transfer enough just so I can pay off the penalty so it's no longer on my record, so I'd to transfer, for now, five hundred dollars to my checking, that is.
Thank you, five hundred dollars. There is a five dollar transfer wire transfer fee that is also added, so that will come out of your savings account. Is that OK?
yes that's acceptable. Maybe transfer a little bit more then to compensate for that fee. How much did you say it was again?
It's five dollars.
OK, so could I transfer five hundred and five dollars please?
just confirming we will only be transferring five hundred, but the five dollars would be withdrawn from your savings account.
Oh OK so there's no need to transfer five hundred. Oh yeah you're correct ma'am, yes that's acceptable.
Very good, thank you. Your current balance in your savings account is four thousand seven hundred eighty-eight dollars and two cents, that is before the five hundred dollar transfer and before the five dollar fee is withdrawn. this transfer will be going can you give me the name of the institution where you would like the funds transferred to?
yes I'd like to transfer it to Sunrise Credit Union.
Very good, do you have the routing number?
I do. Are you ready?
Yes sir.
Three one four five five one three six two eight.
Three one four five five one three six two eight. Is that correct?
That sounds correct.
Thank you. And what is the account number where you would like the funds deposited into at Sunrise Bank?
this would be my checking account, and the account number is four one eight five five five. That's four one eight five five five.
Four one eight five five five. Is that correct?
Yes.
Thank you. One moment, let me enter this information. Oh I did need to ask you, that account, is that a domestic account or an international account where the funds will be going into?
it's a domestic account. I'm I'm using Sunrise Banks to pay off the IRS because I have a bit more favorable lending options with Sunrise. Not that Intellibank is not as good, but I prefer to pay with Sunrise Credit Union.
We certainly understand that, that is not a problem sir. Let me go ahead and put you on hold while I enter this information and then I'll come back to confirm that this transfer will be processed. One moment please.
All right, thank you for holding, Mr. Johnson. All right just confirming we will be transferring five hundred dollars from your savings account as Intellibank, account number eight five zero one seven eight. There is a five dollar fee for that transfer, and the funds, the five hundred dollars will be transferring effective the it will be initiated today, it will also be effective today, October the twelfth. And the funds will go into your account at Sunrise Credit Union, routing number three one four five five one three six two eight, and into account four one eight five five five. That is your checking account at Sunrise Credit Union. Would you like some information in the future about online banking? In the future you you you're always welcome to call us, but if you have our app or even if you use a browser on your computer you can transfer funds like this much more conveniently from your own home if you'd like to. Would you like some more information?
that's all right I have an Android and I'm not quite sure if you have a app on the Android app store. but I might check it out myself in the future.
Well I can confirm the app does work an an Android phone as well, so do give us a call if you have questions. You should be able to download it, that app whenever you'd like to. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
no that'll be all Josie, thank you for your help.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson, we appreciate your business.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. Hey, Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I'm calling because I didn't get my monthly statement.
Oh, OK. Sorry to hear that, Ms. Richards. We'll be glad to assist you with that. And how's your day doing?
It's going well.
Good. W~
What
About you?
Good, good. it's going well. Thanks for asking. And, you said you didn't get your statement?
Yes. For my car.
For your car? OK, for your car bill payment. I would be happy to assist you with that if. I just need to verify this your account information if you would. What is your date of birth and your home phone number?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four and my number is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
Terrific, Ms. Richards. Thank you for that. And also, what is, OK, your home address?
OK. My home address is three six eight eight Laymen Court Smyrna Georgia three zero zero eight zero.
OK. I have, you said, three six eight eight Laymen Court, Smyrna Georgia three zero zero eight zero?
Yes.
OK. I've gone ahead actually. I see that we didn't have that updated in our system, so that might be why you didn't receive your statement and I've gone ahead and updated that. So and you will get that sent out immediately.
OK, that would be great. And can you go ahead and update my email address?
Oh, absolutely. Happy to get that updated for you.
OK. I'd appreciate that because I would like for the statements to start being sent to my email going forward.
That makes complete sense so that we don't get crossed in the mail the next time.
That's correct, yes.
And Ms. Richards, just to verify as well what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
And what is the new address email address that you wanted to change it to?
OK. I wanna change it to Evelyn dot Richards at mail dot net.
OK, that's Evelyn dot Richards at mail dot net.
Yes.
OK. I've gone ahead and updated that for you and by the way you can update online with online banking your account information including your mailing address, email address and check your account balance right online with our online banking.
OK. Thank you for that information.
And Ms. Richards, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also would like to report a lost card please.
Absolutely. happy to help you with that. Sorry to hear that you lost your card.
Yes.
do you know when that happened?
Yes. It happened on October the eighth.
OK and what card. what is the the credit card number that you lost?
OK. It was the the last purchase was at Lowes.
OK. It was at Lowes? That was where the last transaction was?
Yes.
OK and what was the card number?
The card number is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK. That number is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six?
Correct.
OK. thank you for that, Ms. Richards. I've gone ahead and updated that and and again you said that you lost that when?
It. Yes, I'm sorry. It was on October the eighth.
Was that?
OK. That was on October the eight. I've gone ahead and updated our system and canceled that card out for you.
OK.
Just so that you know the process, what'll happen is, is after I've completed the cancellation of this card, once you authorize it, we will then get out a new card to you and it'll be arrive to your mailing address that we've just updated within about seven to ten business days.
OK. That would be very much appreciated.
OK, terrific. I've gone ahead and canceled that card and authorized sending out a new card to you to the new mailing address that we've just updated.
OK. That is great. And all of my statements will start going to that email going forward?
yes, ma'am. All of those statements will be sent via email to you. Let me just ask did you want to it also continue be sent to your mailing address or only to your email?
Only to the email.
OK. I'll go ahead and get that updated for our records and is there anything else we can assist you with today, Ms. Richards?
No, not today.
Thanks for calling Intellibank and you have a terrific day.
And you also.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Intellibank, Amber speaking. How can I help you?
Yeah, hey, this is Robert Johnson. I got a letter in the mail.
OK, can you please further explain a little bit about the letter?
Oh, yeah, right, sorry, of course, my manners. It says something about the bank's gonna be closed for a couple days?
Oh. Yep, yep, certainly. Is this in reference to the twelve nineteen East Lane branch?
Yes. It mentioned something about remodeling?
Yep, so that branch is gonna be closed for about a week, they are going under a remodel. All, everything's brand new. Everything is just gonna become.
Aww man, that is really inconvenient.
I understand. I am, I'm sorry about that.
I I yeah.
I know, cuz, I, I'm gonna be heading out to a pumpkin patch, cuz, I got these horrible little squirrels in my yard, and every time I put a pumpkin out, they eat it.
Oh no.
I know, it's terrible. I, I, I'm not sure what to do. But I need to get some pumpkins?
OK. Yeah, so, if you would like, I could provide you with the closest branch to where you're going to be at. Or, I could also provide you with the next closest branch, by your, your house.
yeah, well I'm over here at twelve thirteen North Seashell Lane, San Diego, California, nine two zero eight six.
OK, just give me one moment and I can look up the nearest branch location.
No problem. Can I get them squirrels?
OK, it looks like the nearest branch location is about two miles away, and it's at fifteen twelve Lane Boulevard.
Oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah, I know where that is. That's not too far. In fact, that's actually near the pumpkin patch.
Yep, so it's kind of about halfway in between where you currently are and where you will be.
OK, yeah, that w~, that will work out great. what are your banking hours again?
So that branch is open Monday through Friday from seven thirty to six thirty p.m. and Saturday from eight a.m. to noon and Sunday they are closed.
all right, thanks. You've been really helpful.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
not unless you know how to take care of some squirrels.
no, I wish I did. They, they're little rascals for sure.
yeah. Alright, well, you have a wonderful day.
You too, now. Bye bye.
Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. This is Chloe, how can I help you?
Hey Chloe, how you doing?
OK. How are you today?
Oh well I'm gonna have some fun today.
Really?
I'm gonna have some fun, yeah. I I I got to admit, I'm gonna have some fun. are you are you a parent by chance?
OK.
I am. I have two sons.
OK. Oh.
Just a two year old. Oh. Well. Well I I I have a nineteen-year-old That. That, you know. You'll. You'll figure this out. They think they know everything and they know the world and they can just handle it all. So I'm gonna take my nineteen year old son today into adulthood and he's getting his first checking account. He's got his own job.
Yeah. Oh. Oh, OK.
Hoo-hoo.
Man.
He thinks he can do it all. So we're gonna say, hey, you pay your bills and and and you take on your world like you think you can.
Nice.
Oh boy. Yeah. I mean, I am loving being a mom to a a young one and I am very scared. I feel like definitely it gets harder as they get older.
Oh absolutely.
OK, great.
Enj~
Enjoy those young years. They're the best ones.
OK.
All right. So what are we doing today though? So you wanna open up a checking account?
I. So we're gonna open a checking account in in my son's name .
but I'm gonna get him started. I'm gonna put a little money in there to get him situated and kick him off and and literally kick him off and yeah, so I'm gonna take money from my checking account and start this new checking account in his name.
OK.
Right.
Mhm. Mhm.
OK.
OK, perfect. So, actually OK, so let's let's get this party started right.
OK.
and what is your first and last name?
My first name is Kenny.
OK.
And the last name is Brewster.
OK .
And Kenny, what is your date of birth?
It's oh one.
Mhm.
Twenty-five nineteen eighty.
OK, and the last four digits of your social.
Oh eight.
Mhm.
Eight six.
OK, and what is your account number?
OK, hang on.
Wait a minute. I got like so many different papers here.
Mm. No I
Yeah, take your time.
All right, let me just get the right account.
Totally cool.
OK. I got it.
OK, perfect. Go ahead.
All right, it's oh five.
Uh-huh.
Two two one.
OK.
Six seven.
OK.
Three four.
Mhm.
Eight five.
Yes.
Oh seven.
OK, and. So you have seven thousand dollars in this account.
OK.
So what would be the amount that you'd want to transfer into the new checking for your son?
I can't believe I'm gonna say this. I really can't, but I I'm gonna do a thousand dollars to get him started.
From that.
OK.
That's awesome. So then.
OK. So obviously that'll leave your account at six thousand dollars. There's no fee.
There's no charge for checking accounts at Intellibank.
OK.
OK.
so that there's no monthly maintenance fee. There's no fee today. So we'll just go ahead, but also I need to I'm sorry, go ahead.
Have you
I was gonna say, I I guess you would need my son's
Address.
well you're gonna need his name, social.
Exactly and. But also I'll need
Well you can give me what you what you'd like to first. Do you wanna give me his name and social first?
Yeah, yeah. That's great. Yeah.
OK. So.
Go go ahead.
All right. So his first name is Steven.
Mhm.
And last name is Brewster.
OK.
And his social is.
OK.
three.
Mhm.
One seven.
OK.
Nine two.
Mhm.
Five six seven eight.
OK. Perfect, and what address would you like the bank card to go to? Cuz we will send out a bank card and he'll be able to get a pin number set up and then he can use it as a debit and.
Right. Right. Well.
Well well Mr. Adult is still under my roof.
Go ahead.
OK so you so you'll be in charge of the card obviously.
No, no, no, no. He's gonna be in charge of the card, but yeah, he still lives with me so it's still gonna it's gonna come to my house.
So do you want. Oh. Oh. OK.
OK.
OK.
And just let me confirm your address.
When you're ready I'll take that
OK.
The address is one forty-one.
Mhm.
OK.
Avon Road.
Mhm.
And that's Springfield.
OK.
Pennsylvania.
Mhm.
One nine oh.
Mhm.
Six four.
OK, and Mr. Brewster, I need to set up a security question.
OK.
For this account. So do you wanna do like what was your favorite food as a child? What was your. You wanna do that one?
Oh yeah. That one. That one. That's always a good one.
OK. So what. So what is the answer for that?
It's
hot dogs.
Hot dogs.
I was known as the hot dog kid when I was a little kid.
OK.
Awesome. Now do you want to. So you're saying that he's gonna control the card?
Mhm.
But do you think that he would wanna do online banking?
Which is.
Or maybe.
He. I I mean, being a nineteen year old kid. You know these kids today they they. Everything they do is online and on their phones.
OK.
Mhm.
So yeah I guess getting him set up online banking would probably be good as well.
OK, do you want me to send the instructions how to start up to your email or to his?
What do you what do you think? What would you prefer?
Let's send it to his.
OK. when you're ready just give me his email.
What the hell was his email? Let me. Hang on.
Oh.
OK. Yeah, no problem. Take your time.
OK.
You ready?
Yes.
.
Here it is. Are you ready for this one?
Mhm.
Big Stevie B at Gmail dot com.
OK.
OK, perfect. So that'll go to that address and it'll just like. It has step by step instructions.
OK.
It's really easy.
There'll be no problem with that and is there anything else that I can help you with today or.
I I think that's everything for now.
OK. OK, great. All right, well you have a great day and if you need anything else just please call us back.
All right, thank you so much.
OK, take care.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intel Banking help line service. How may I help you?
Yes, hey, good afternoon. My name is Natel Jenkins and I was just trying to get information regarding ordering checks from your bank?
Sure, not a problem Mrs. Jenkins. Are you a customer with us?
I sure am. I've been banking with you guys since two thousand and and one.
Well thank you so much, Mrs. Jenkins, can you please provide me with your your date of birth?
Not a problem. That is ten ten nineteen sixty.
Thank you so much Mrs. Jenkins, can you also provide me with your account number?
Well, fortunately, I don't have that in front of me right now. I'll have to go downstairs to my car and go ahead and get that.
Well actually, Mrs. Jenkins, you can actually just go ahead and give me your last four digits digits of your social.
OK. Sure, that's fine. I'll go ahead and give you last four digits of my social. I know that off the top of my head.
OK, Ms. Jenkins. Whenever you're ready.
Sure, not a problem. Seventy-five twenty-five.
Oh, thank you so much for providing that information for me Mrs. Jenkins. let me see if I can possibly pull up your account. OK. What exactly did you need help with today, Mrs. Jenkins?
Well I was trying to see how I can possibly order some checks from your bank? How does that work? Will there be a charge? Or is there how does that work exactly? How much would you charge me to order some checks?
Well since you are a loyal customer, that's customer with us, and you've been with us since two thousand and one. it will be free of charge, you are a established customer. We won't charge you for that.
Well that's just great to hear cuz I definitely needed to order some checks to pay some bills, and just it's just good to have in your pocket book, because you never know. Right?
That is so true, Mrs. Jenkins. That is very very true. Is there anything else I can help you with this evening?
Well yeah, actually, I was kind of interested in seeing how I can I can't put my finger on it, I believe it's called a transfer, oh yeah, an internal transfer. Can you help me with that?
We can gladly help you with that, of course.
Well, before we start will there be a charge? Or how does that work?
Well, as long as your an established customer, there will be no charge as far as doing an internal transfer with your banking.
Well that's just fantastic! I am so glad to hear that. Can you please set me up with an internal transfer today?
That's fine, Mrs. Jenkins. In order for us to do that, we'll just need your account number please.
Well like I told you earlier ma'am, I didn't have that in front of me, that's in my vehicle. Will I have to go downstairs in my vehicle and get that for you?
Yes, I apologize. We definitely will need that. Just having the last four digits of your social will not be sufficient enough. Can you please provide me with that?
you know what, darlin'? That's not a problem, I'll go ahead and go downstairs, I'll get me some exercise anyway.
Thank you so much for being so accommodating, Mrs. Jenkins.
And not a problem, darling. Let me go ahead and head down stairs and that'll take me just a couple minutes then I'll be back on the phone.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins, I'll be waiting for you.
Alright, darling, I'm back.
Oh, thank you so much Ms. Jenkins. Can you please provide me with your account number?
Well yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and give you my checking account number. That account number is nine four three seven two nine eight zero.
Well thank you so much, Mrs. Jenkins, for providing that information for me.
Not a problem.
Now you said you wanted to transfer your, you wanted to do an internal transfer. Is that correct?
That is correct.
Well in order to us to do that you would have to provide us with either another account number, such as a a savings account or anything of that nature.
All right. Well I have that in front information in front of me as well. I'll go ahead and give you my savings account number. Are you ready for that?
Yes I am Mrs. Jenkins. Can you please provide me the digits please.
I'll greatly happy to do so. It's ninety ninety-one fourteen thirteen twenty-one. Did you get that?
I sure did, Ms. Jenkins. Thank you so much for providing that information. In order for us to do internal transfer, I'll need to know any transactions made with your we'll start off with your checking account.
not a problem. I believe yeah there was a transaction when we went to, hmm, where'd we go again? Oh yeah, that was Target, we spent about fifty dollars there. And that was yesterday. Does that do you see that post on our transactions?
yes we do Ms. Jenkins, yep, fifty dollars at Target. I love that store.
Oh, who you kidding? I love that store, too, darling. We find so many fun things there for our children to do. It's just a great store to get everything done. And get our Starbucks as well. Our children love iced coffee.
Yeah, I'm a iced-coffee fanatic as well. Alright, Ms. Jenkins. Thank you for providing that information regarding the transactions on your estate, I apologize, on your checking account. I'll also need to know information regarding your savings account. Can you possibly tell me the last transaction that took place with your savings account that you have with us?
Yeah, let me sit here and think. yeah there should have been a deposit about fifteen hundred. And that was also on yesterday as well, about the afternoon, about hmm let's say four o'clock, three o'clock?
OK yes I do see a transaction of a deposit of fifteen hundred. That is correct. Thank you so much for for providing all that information for me Mrs. Jenkins. Now I can get you set up. And what exactly did you want to do today?
I would like to take money from my savings account and put it into my checking account.
Not a problem. We would gladly help you to help you I'll be gladly able to help you with that.
OK so how much can I transfer from one account to another account?
Well with I bank, no you can go no higher than ten thousand dollars.
Oh yeah darling, I'm not going to transfer that much money. I just want to transfer four thousand dollars from my savings to go into my checking. Can you do that for me please?
I would gladly be able to assist you with that, Ms. Jenkins. So just to verify, you would like to move four thousand dollars from your savings account over to you checking. Is that correct?
That is correct. I would like to move over four thousand dollars.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. Just hold for a brief moment while I go ahead and take that take that take care of that for you. I apologize.
Not a problem, I'll be here waiting. Thank you so much.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. All right, let me get you set up here. OK? Just give me about a few minutes, a brief moment please. Thank you so much. All right Ms. Jenkins it looks like I was able to go ahead and transfer that four thousand dollars for you over to your account. Is anything else that I can help you with?
Well yeah I was wondering how soon will I have access to that money? Will that take like is that like three business days? you know I'm kind of new new to doing this internal transfer. How does that work?
Well within twenty-four hours you should have access to that money and it should be posted to your account. Sometimes it can take forty-eight forty-eight hours just depending on what day you do it and the time that you do it. Anything after five will be not it will not post until the next business day. Is that OK?
That's just fine darling. That's just fine. I just wanted to verify so just in case we have any questions if my husband asks me anything we know how long it will take for the money to be transferred over and to be postdated.
Thank you so much for explaining that. Not a problem Ms. Jenkins. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh yeah well can you actually give me what is your location? We kind of moved here about two weeks ago. We're kind of new to the area. I know you're kind of you're like located in like in almost fifty states. So we we've been banking with you guys, like I said, for a while. But we would like to know, can you possibly give me the local banking hours at near our our home address?
Ms. Jenkins, I'd love to definitely gladly be able to help you with that. Can you please provide me with your street address first and we can get you get that taken care of for you.
Yeah that's not a problem. It's ninety-one forty-one.
And that's Chariot Circle? All right, thank you so much Ms. Jenkins. Can you provide the city please?
That's in Green Acres.
OK and will you provide the state?
And that's in Florida, darling. Pardon me about that, I apologize.
That's not a problem Ms. Jenkins, not a problem at all. OK let me go ahead and verify. Guess we see here you have two locations that is near your home.
Well, you know what, I just need the closest one to my house, so can you just give me the hours for the closest one to my home please?
Yes, the closest one to your home is about four miles and their hours at that local branch is Monday through Friday. They're open from nine to six. and they are also open on weekends, Saturday and Sunday from ten a.m. to one p.m..
Well thank you so much for providing that information. I I really appreciate it. Do they have ATMs there? I know some local branches or different branches have different stipulations as far as ATMs can you please provide that for me?
Not a problem Ms. Jenkins, I'll just take a a quick look. Yes. That local branch, the one I just gave you the hours to. They are open for like I stated the hours, but they they also have ATM services. They have a drive-thru available. And they also have a walk-up.
Oh OK so how does that walk-up work? Like what do you mean a walk-up ATM? I'm kind of confused. Can you explain that?
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. What you'll need to have in your hand before you walk in to the building is an your ATM card. Or your debit card, anything that's that's validated with our Intel, as long as it says Intel banking, you should be able to enter our building.
OK so how does it work?
Well you would have to go ahead and just swipe your card, and the card will actually open the door, and you'll be inside an ATM and there will just security access and it will just close. And no one can come in with you. It's just a one person type ATM access so nobody can follow you inside.
Well that's just wonderful! Is that open twenty-four hours? Is only open during the business hours?
That actual ATM, the walk-up one is actually available for twenty-four hours as long, and as well as their drive-thru ATM.
OK that's wonderful! Can you please give me the address I know you told me the business hours but the address would be great as well just to have it on file.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. I can definitely give you that. Whenever you're ready. I'll go ahead and provide you with that information.
Yes darling, I'm ready. Can you go ahead and just give me the address?
Sure, not a problem. The address for that location near your home is four one nine Pierre-Paul Court Green Acres Florida, three three four six three.
Oh thank you so much! I'm going to go ahead and have that written down. And you were right, it's right across the street from our local coffee shop. Thank you so much for providing that for me.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. I'm glad you're able to access that. And find that information. And you are correct there is a local coffee shop in there. And they also have a local UPS store. So it should be easy to find.
Thank you so much for all your time and all your effort. I am excited to to go ahead and visit you guys one day in person.
Well thank you so much Ms. Jenkins. I am glad I was able to help. Do you have any other questions?
no ma'am. You answered everything that I needed help with today. I was able to do my internal service, internal transfer, and I was also able to find the business hours which was great to have. And knowing that you guys are not too far from my home, that's even perfect. So if I do need to go in and talk to a banking representative I am glad I can do that and also have a cup of coffee on my way in.
Thank you so much.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. Thank you for calling Intel Banking, you have a great day. If you have any other questions, please free feel please feel free to give us a call back and we'll be gladly to assist you.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your time.
Not a problem, Ms. Jenkins. You have a great day.
You do the same darling. Thank you so much. Bye bye now.
Bye bye Ms. Jenkins.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Stella. How can I help you today?
Hi Stella.
I'm trying to get Interbank, is this is?
Well, actually you've reached Intellibank. Is that what you want?
Oh Intellibank, OK. That's it.
I would like to have some help, on making a wire transfer. Can we do that on here?
I keep having to go and try to get it done somewhere else, but I never can get to a place that can do it at.
I tried yesterday, and the store I went to doesn't do wire transfers anymore.
So I had to try another place and they were closed. I can't believe how hard it is to do something sometimes .
You know what I mean?
Yes, well, we'll be able to do that for you.
But it's a shame you've had so much trouble getting help. well you've come to the right place now.
We can do it here. can you please give me your name, address, and date of birth to start us off?
My name is Donna Edgebrooke.
And I was born on June fifteenth, nineteen forty.
And, you wanted something else.
What was it? My memory is getting worse every day.
Oh that's OK. I need your address please Misses Edgebrooke, to look up your account details.
Oh that's what you said. OK.
Let's see, it's seven hundred Center Parkway apartment four four five, and that's in Miami Florida. My ZIP is three two two, zero three.
OK. I do need another piece of information from you, for security purposes. Can I get your driver's license number please?
Oh OK, I'll have to dig it out of my wallet. You'll have to wait a minute.
OK. I have it here now. It's a Florida license. And the number is D four six two, three two six, two one five.
OK. Let me repeat that. You said D four six two, three two six one two one five five. Is that correct?
Let me see.
Yeah.
That is what I see on here. You got it.
OK and finally, can I get the name of the place where you were born for your security question?
Wow.
This is some complicated stuff getting something done with the bank nowadays. OK.
I was born in Vero Beach, Florida.
Great. Thanks for your patience. I know it can seem like a lot, but we want your accounts to be safe and to be sure we are really talking to the right person. I'm sure you can understand. OK, so you were trying to make a wire transfer is it an international transfer under foreign currency, or domestic transfer exclusively?
Yes.
That's what I want.
Just in the United States.
American dollars only. I want to take it out of my savings account. And send it to my son in California.
I have his account number when you're ready.
OK that was my next question. I'll first need to verify which account you want to transfer from if you can give me your account number for verification then the recipient account later.
So if you can verify the account we'll be taking the money from with the account number that would be great, please.
OK.
Hold on for a moment.
I need to get out my checkbook and then, I can read the numbers to you. Just wait a second please, if you can.
No problem. I'll be here.
I'm back.
Let me see if I can read this.
I need to put my glasses on.
Seven eight five nine, four five two five one one.
Let me verify that. Seven eight five, nine four five, two five one one. Is that correct?
That's right.
OK. Now I need to verify what account you want to transfer money into.
You mentioned your son's account. I'll need his routing number from his bank then the account number. So if we can start off with that.
If you can give me the routing number.
Let me se here.
Hold on.
OK.
The routing number is those ones the first, my son said, so here this is it.
Two one two, I'm sorry. One two, one zero zero zero, three five eight.
OK that's one two one, zero zero zero, three five eight. Which is Bank of America. Is that his bank?
I think so.
That's what he told me to use, so I guess so.
OK now I'll need his account number, which you have already.
OK.
Here it is.
Eight eight six zero four seven six two, seven zero.
Excellent. Let me repeat those digits to verify I have the right account.
Eight eight six, zero four seven, six two seven zero.
That's what I have here. You got it right.
OK, now if you can tell me the dollar amount you wish to transfer.
I want to move over fifteen hundred dollars to his account.
OK I'll begin the process.
If you can wait just a brief moment.
Sure.
I'll be here.
OK Misses Edgebrooke. I have transferred fifteen hundred dollars from your savings account which is account number seven eight five, nine four five, two five one and we've moved that money into your son's Bank of account. And that account number is eight eight six, zero four seven six two seven zero.
Per your request. Is that correct?
Oh OK.
But I'll have to dig it out of my wallet.
To double check, OK.
Well. I would say.
If you could double check that.
That sounds correct.
When will he get the money in his account?
OK the money should show up in his banking account within forty-eight hours. And is there any other questions you have today?
I think that's everything I'm glad I finally got that done.
I'm sorry about the difficulties you've been having getting this completed. But I'm glad I was able to help you. And I hope you have a pleasant day, and if you have any other further banking needs, you'll feel free to call us during banking hours so that we can help.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. You've reached Mark, how can I help you today?
Hi, Mark. My name's Judy. I wanted to know which is the exact form I can open a new account?
OK. Julie, I can help you with that. let me just first get your first and last name, please.
Yeah, sure. It's Julie Harris.
Perfect, and your date of birth?
Yeah, it's July thirteen nineteen ninety-eight.
Very good, thank you very much. now we have a lot of different types of accounts. I can suggest that you open a checking account, if you would prefer to have access to your money quickly. Or if you are looking for something to save long term and incur interest, then I could offer you the savings account.
Well, I I already have a savings account, so I would like to open a checking account.
OK. I can help you with that. I would also advise you that the fee for having a checking account open is twelve ninety-nine a month, unless you maintain a daily balance of over twenty thousand dollars inside the account. In which case, the fee would be waived. Is that OK with you?
Well, that's kind of expensive, but, OK.
Sure.
All right thank you, Julie. Now could I, would you like to open account today, with us?
Yeah. Can I do it now?
Yeah, I can help you with that. And just go ahead and give me your social security number, please.
Yeah, it's three two five six five eight seven four five.
Perfect, thank you very much.
And it looks like you've set up a security question with us. what is the name of your first pet?
I think the name was Fido.
Fido, that's correct. OK. now give me one second here as I go ahead and pull up this information.
Sure. What crazy weather, right? It seems like we have been in winter for three months already.
And it's only have been like month.
Oh yes, I agree. I prefer the summer, myself.
That's great, yeah. I prefer I also prefer summer, but, the spring is such a nice time. I can't wait for it.
oh yes, I do appreciate the spring rains when they first start to come.
I'm I was raised in Canada so I am used to the cold.
Oh I can imagine that!
Such a good weather there.
All right. Well, Julie, thank you for waiting as I pull up this information. I could also suggest here for online banking. Because from your comfort of your own home, you can actually set up online banking so that you can online pull up all this information. And even open accounts on by yourself. Would you have any more interest in that?
Yeah, sure. Just give me all that information and I write everything down.
OK. If you go to our website, WWW dot Intellibank dot com, you'll find a portal in which you can sign up using all the information that you already have. That's your account number, and name, date of birth and other questions. You should be able to set up online banking by yourself there.
Great, that's awesome then.
I will also like to transfer the money from my savings account into my new checking account.
OK, perfect. I just finished setting up your checkings account here.
and could you give me the account number of your savings account, please?
Yeah. Let me look for it for a moment, please.
OK. No problem.
OK. It's four two one five one two five two.
All right. Perfect, and how much money would you like to transfer in there? Looks like you have a total available balance of six hundred and fifty-two dollars and forty cents.
Well, is it possible for me to transfer everything?
Yes, I could do that. No problem. I'll go ahead and get that started right now.
And, is there anything else that I could do for you, Julie, while I have you here on the phone?
No, I think that's everything.
OK. Perfect. It looks like we just finished up with all this, and thank you for giving me the pleasure with helping you today.
And, if you have any other problems, feel free to just call us back.
And my name, again, is Mark, and it's been a pleasure.
Thank you, Mark. Bye.
Thank you, Julie. Have a good day.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. I had my phone stolen yesterday and I kept.
I'm so.
Sorry to hear that, sir.
Mm thank you. And the carrier cannot switch over the number to my new phone. So I had to get a new number. The problem is I used the old I used the old number for security on this account. can you help me with that?
I certainly can, sir. What we can do is update your personal account information and with that phone number that you now have on file. And that will reset your security as you remove the old number. That way you can set it up again.
OK could you walk me through this?
Yes sir, I certainly can.
All right thank you.
OK sir. Before I complete your request I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information.
All right.
OK first of all can I have your first and last name please?
Yes you may. my first name Dale last name Walker.
OK is that Dale D A L E?
Yes ma'am.
OK sir. All right Mr. Walker, can I have your date of birth please?
Yes. My birthday is ten thirty-first nineteen seventy-four.
OK sir, that is October thirty-first nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
All right, have that on file. And for authentication purposes can I have your driver's license number please?
Yes, my driver license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK so to verify, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes.
All right and for account security purposes, could I have the name of your first pet?
The name of my first pet is Skipper.
OK sir so which account in question were you wanting to update? You have a checking or a savings account with us?
Just checking.
OK sir so could you give me that checking account number please?
Yes ma'am. my checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
OK so to verify, that number was five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Yes, correct.
OK Mr. Walker, could you gave me just one moment while I look up your account?
yes yes.
All right sir and you said you needed you had your phone number changed. looks like here you have a cell phone number on file. you wanna go ahead and update that and remove that old number and give us a new number?
yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes yes when you're ready.
Yes sir, I sure am.
yes eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six.
OK sir, again that number was eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six?
Yes.
OK sir. All right I removed that old cell phone number and have updated your account information with eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six and it looks like your account security has been reset, sir. I have sent you a link in your email so that you can click on that link and then it'll ask you to go back and set up a new security PIN for your account. Once you use that new security PIN it'll let you access so you can go in and you can change your cell your cell phone security. Right now it has your security set as email because that's your secondary security, OK?
OK.
OK, I think I got it. All right. So you said I can go into my account like this?
Yes sir.
OK.
Or you can access the the account information so that you could set up your new PIN. They usually send you that information. Did you want more information about going to your account online, sir? We do have online banking.
All right.
can can you give me that website something to go to?
That is Intellibank dot com.
All right.
I N T E L L I B A N K dot com.
OK. I got that.
OK and your account information. We have the main page just has all kinda information on it but what you're gonna wanna do is go to the top right tab and it's gonna have online banking on it. Click on that tab and then you can access the area where you have to sign up for online banking.
Yeah.
OK.
Oh OK. I got it. I understand now.
OK.
All right and once you set that up with your email address then you'll be able to go in and change your information anytime you need to. That way if anything like this ever happens again, you could just access it quickly and change this so nothing happen to this account, OK?
All right.
OK sir. so was that all that I could do for you today?
Yes that's all. You helped me great quite a bit there.
OK thank you so much Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, you've reached Intellibank, my name is Brenda, how can I help you?
Yes, I lost my credit card and I need to change it.
OK, you lost your credit card?
Yes.
OK and can you give me your name please?
Sure, it's Sunshine. S U N S H I N E.
Hankie. H A N K I E.
Thank you and your date of birth please?
Six thirty eighty-one.
Thank you. I also need your address.
I got two different ones. I don't know which one my account's under.
OK, go ahead.
The first one would be eighteen thirty-five Rice Boulevard.
Fairborn, Ohio.
That's the one we have. Is that incorrect?
OK.
Yes, I moved.
OK, let's update your address.
Go ahead and give me the new one.
Sure, it's eighteen forty-two Woodvine Street.
Could you spell that please.
W O O D V I N E.
OK.
And in apartment h two.
H as in Henry number two?
Yes.
OK.
Fairborn, Ohio.
Four five three two four.
OK, give me just a minute to update that please.
Thank you.
OK. I got that updated. Do you have an authenticating ID number that we can verify?
Yes, it's R R five nine four one one zero.
Thank you and is that a driver's license or a state ID?
Driver's license.
OK.
And do you have the answer to your security question?
Yes. Mrs. Bean. B E A N.
Thank you.
And you said this is a credit card right, not a debit card.
It's my debit card, I just call it my credit card.
Oh, OK.
And can you give me that card number that you lost?
Sure, it's five one four seven.
Slow down just a little bit for me.
OK, sorry about that.
That's OK.
Five one four seven seven seven three two four one zero nine two nine eight four.
OK, gimme just a minute while I pull that up please.
Alright, I got that card up. Can you tell me what day you lost it?
I lost it yesterday on the October fifth.
OK and you don't believe it was stolen?
No it wasn't, I just lost it.
OK and can you tell me if you know the last place that you used it?
Yeah, I used it at Kroger for fifty-two seventy eight.
That was the amount that you spent?
Yes.
OK.
All right.
Be quiet over there, I'm trying to talk on the phone.
Thank you.
Thanks for verifying that.
Sorry about that.
That's OK.
Alright so, you would like me to cancel this card and send you a new one?
Yes please.
OK.
How does that work?
I am canceling that right now. Gimme just a second.
I'm so aggravated about this.
I'm sorry, it is a pain.
OK, I have that card canceled and I have the new one set up to be sent to your new address that we put on your file, is that right?
Yes.
OK.
How long is that gonna take to get to me?
About five to seven days.
Are you sure it can't be sooner, I really need my card.
Unfortunately, that's the fastest they can go because of the mail.
OK.
I'm sorry.
That's all right. How do I activate it when I do get it?
OK.
So give me just a second here and I can explain that to you.
Thank you.
OK so, when you get the card in the mail, it should have a sticker on the front of it and the sticker will have an eight hundred number that you can call to activate it. It'll also have a website that you can call to activate it.
OK.
And it will just ask for the card number and your authenticating ID number to verify that it's you.
And it. You'll be activated.
OK.
Does that sound OK to you?
I guess if I have to wait that long.
Well if you want, I can put you on hold and see if a manager can expedite it.
That would be great.
OK, hold on just a minute please.
Thank you.
You guys really need to be quiet. I'm trying to talk on the phone over here.
Are you still there?
Yes. I'm still here. I'm trying to get my kids to be quiet.
OK.
OK.
Fortunately, my manager is offering to expedite your card. normally we charge a twenty dollar fee for that but they're going to weigh that for you since you're a current and loyal customer.
That's great.
So that should take two to three days to get to you.
That's awesome, I appreciate that.
You're welcome. If it doesn't come in two to three days, you're welcome to call back and ask.
and check on the status of that.
OK. Is there any way you can tell me my last account transaction. That way I know there's nothing wacky on it.
Well the last transaction that you gave me was Kroger's.
For fifty-two dollars and seventy-eight cents.
But was there anything after that? That way.
No no, there was no other transactions after that.
OK.
Can you tell me my balance then?
Yep, your balance is three hundred and fifty-two dollars and fifty-four cents.
That doesn't sound right.
OK.
Were you sure there wasn't an ATM transaction or anything?
I don't see anything after Kroger but you're welcome to get online and look at your transaction history.
And after you find something wrong you can call back and dispute it.
OK.
OK.
Does that sound OK?
Thanks.
Yep, that sounds great.
Anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, that's all.
OK, well thank you, have a good day.
You too.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Christine. What can I do for you this fine afternoon?
Hi, Christine. My name's Sal Rosenburg. I've got a problem here. Excuse me.
I've lost seem to have lost my debit card. And I really need it. I'm I'm traveling right now and I need it my card pretty badly.
OK. Well I can certainly help you with reporting that and getting a new one on the way. I just need to verify a few pieces of information. Can you spell your last name for me Mr. Rosenburg?
R O S E N B U R G.
OK. And your date of birth?
eight five sixty-three.
Do you have a driver's license number?
sure. Just one second. Have to get it out of my wallet.
Mm. It's no problem.
And it's snowing here in Texas. These people don't know what they're doing.
Snow in Texas.
Yes.
Wow!
Not a person on the street. They got everything shut down.
OK. Yeah, so it's a it's a Texas driver's license. seven six three three two one four four six three.
OK. I've got a security question on the account. what was the name of the street that you grew up on?
It was Smith Avenue.
Smith Avenue.
That's correct. OK. So what is the credit card number that you would like to report lost?
Oh, goodness.
It's Can you hold on? I've gotta go to my office and see if it's in there. I don't have the card's missing so I don't have the card.
So, yes. Give me one second. I'll go see if I have it written down.
OK. OK. I can hold. Sure.
Yeah, OK. Are you there.
I'm here, yep.
All right, it's it's debit card number two five one four six three two five seven nine six eight four four one.
Eight four four one.
Excuse me.
OK.
What date did you lose the card?
I'd I lost it yesterday. Sorry. Yes, yes, yesterday.
OK. And where did you make your last or most recent transaction?
Let see. My most recent transaction. It was it was that place down on the corner. They that's next to the place that sells the donuts. I don't know what the name of it is. It's.
Is that in Texas?
Yes it is in Texas.
What's the yeah, where what city in Texas is that in?
It's Austin, Texas.
Oh, Austin. I see.
It might've been Houston.
OK.
OK. what kind of a store was it?
it was a cowboy store. I I do rodeos.
Rodeo rodeo store. OK. Cowboy rodeo store in Austin, Texas. That'll probably suffice. What was the amount of the transaction that you last remember making?
Well it was for some chaps. And it was oh I don't know. They're about three hundred dollar chaps. Somewhere in there. It's close to that.
OK.
OK, so I've got this report in. And I'm just gonna cancel your card now. And your card takes. It should cancel right away. It should be an immediate cancel. So you won't be able to use that card number anymore.
And your new card I would like to re-issue.
Oh.
What address would you like me to send it to.
the the address you have on file there is is good.
That's the two forty-one Rosary Avenue.
Yes. That's the one.
OK
Oh, look. My kitty's getting in the toilet.
Oh.
I taught my kitty to use the toilet and it it it even flushes.
Really!
Yes, it yes. It's an awesome kitty.
Now that is amazing!
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I really want one of those.
I You know I think I think it might've been I think it might've been that that sheep that ate my license. I was riding sheep yesterday. And they call it little they. Yeah, I ride sheep.
OK, I that sounds fun. But if the sheep ate your license that's no big deal because then at least nobody would be using it behind your back.
sheep.
Yes, but it's gonna make that sheep very sick.
Yes, it it probably could make that sheep very sick.
Won't feel very well.
Well, at least you won't have to retrieve it. OK, so the new card is going to be.
Sorry. The new card is going to be delivered within twenty-four to forty-eight hours at your address. I expedited it for you just so it would get there ASAP.
And when you do get it, you'll have to call the number on the back of the card to start active to activate the card. Yes, thank you. Activate.
is there anything else I can do for you today?
No. I I think. Actually, did you say that was gonna go to my address that you have on file there?
Yes.
Is there anyway I can change that and get it sent to my grandmother's house?
Absolutely. Absolutely. What is the address you'd like me to sent it to?
It's two forty-three West Aston Street.
And that's in Houma, Louisiana.
Louisiana. OK. A ZIP code?
I'm not sure of the ZIP code. I I'll have to get back to you on that. It's it's way way down in the bayou. So tell your delivery guy he needs to bring a gun cuz there's lots of gators back there.
I will put a note on your account. I don't know that he'll get it but hopefully it will be somebody local and they will know how to handle that. But I do unfortunately need a ZIP code in order to mail it.
Do. I mean you don't have it anywhere?
Bummer.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's it's three six five eight four.
Oh. Three six five eight four. K. OK. Is there anything else I can do for you, Mr. Rosenburg?
Nope. I don't think so.
Wonderful. If you need anything else feel free to give us a call back.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. Have a great day.
Thanks very much. I'm gonna go hump a sheep.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
yes, my car payment is going to post, and I'm not sure that there's enough money in there to account for that. So I don't want it to bounce, or whatever.
OK. Let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
All right. And do you prefer that I call you Jill, or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill.
OK Jill. So, we need to check your account balance to determine if you have enough funds in it to cover a payment that you have drafting soon. is that what I'm understanding correctly?
Yes, that's right. So I d~, I just bought a twenty twenty Rouge, and I got really great deal on it. And I just don't want this payment not to process and mess something up for me. Because I really like the car.
OK Jill. I can totally understand that. Let's just check into this, OK? What's your account number?
It's three four six zero two nine nine eight.
OK. And is this a checking or a savings account?
It's my checking account. it's on automatic draft payment like thing.
So it usually just comes out of the account immediately. Should I try to contact the car company and, and ask them to change my information or something?
Jill, can you give me just a moment? I'm going to look at your account. I'm going to get that open, and then we can look and see what options you have, OK?
OK. Thank you.
OK Jill, what is your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right, Jill, and it looks like you have a security question. Could you tell me the city you were born in?
I was born in .
OK Jill, let me look here.
Let me get your account pulled up. So it does look like you have an account balance of three hundred and nine dollars and thirty cents in your checking account.
Is that gonna be enough to cover your payment?
No, it's not. My, my payment's four oh five ninety.
OK. Lemme, lemme look here for you. Do you have any other accounts with Intellibank?
Yeah, I do. I have a savings account with you guys.
OK. Can you tell me what the account number is for the savings account? And we can look at that.
Yeah. So that one's eight three seven three two zero eight.
OK. Thank you, Jill. Lemme take a look here and see what I can find.
OK.
So it does look like your savings account has an available balance of three hundred and ninety-eight dollars and three cents.
Did you want me to maybe transfer the difference from your savings account to your checking account, to cover that payment?
yeah actually. That would be great. can you tell me how much I'm going to need to transfer out of that, though, to cover it?
OK. So it looks like you said you ha~, we said that you had three hundred and nine dollars and thirty cents in your checking account. So in order to cover that payment you said you had posting the four oh five ninety you would need to transfer at least ninety-six dollars and sixty cents to your, to your checking account from your savings account.
Oh, OK then. I can do that.
OK. Me just a moment and I'll, and I'll get that transferred for you, OK?
No problem. I appreciate all your help. are you in Kansas City?
Yes, yes I am. I am also in Kansas City.
do you think we're gonna get that big ice storm they keep talking about?
I mean they seem pretty confident that we're gonna get it. And the temperature is supposed to drop throughout the day. So it sounds like it may be possible.
Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and just plan on working from home the next few days. Because I really don't want to be out on the ice. Especially if it gets as bad as they say it's going to.
yeah, I don't blame you. It sounds like they are expecting the road conditions to get pretty extreme. So it's probably not the safest thing to be out on the roads. And it's probably safer to be home.
Yeah, that's for sure.
OK, Jill, so it does look like this account has a four digit passcode. Do you happen to know what that passcode is?
Yeah, so that's not my ATM pin though, right? That's like a totally different number?
For the, for this passcode, right?
Yeah. So the passcode should, should not normally be the same as your ATM pin.
this would've been created. It would've been something that would've been asked of you whenever you first opened your account with us.
OK. I'm pretty sure it's two one zero nine. Can you tell me if that's right?
Yeah. Yeah Jill, that is the correct answer.
So let me get that money transferred over for you now. Give me just a moment, OK? Jill, are you going to want a receipt for this today?
yeah, if you could send me one, that'd be great.
OK. All right, Jill, so I got the money transferred over. And let me just confirm your email address.
so that way I can get a receipt sent out to you too. So it looks like it's Jill Bean, J I L B E A N nine zero at Yahoo dot com. Does that sound right to you?
Yeah that's my, that's my email address. That's correct.
OK. I'm gonna go ahead and send that receipt over to you as well real quick here.
OK. So I've got the receipt sent to you, and I've got the money transferred over. Was there anything else that I could do for you today?
No, I, I really want to thank you so much. I appreciate all your help with this. I'm, I'm gonna get my payment covered now, and that's really all that matters. I appreciate it a great deal.
It's no problem, Jill. Thank you for choosing Intellibank. And you enjoy your day, OK?
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mike. How may I help you today?
yes, how you doing, Mike? Was calling to see. Well, I was calling close my account and I wanted to move the funds that's in that account into my checkings account. I wanna close my savings and move it into my like checkings.
All right.
OK. Just to understand clearly. You wanna completely close your saving account. Moved that money and place it into your checking account.
Yes.
OK. We can definitely do that. Give me one second.
And what is your first and last name?
Oh, Ryan McKensick.
OK and Mr. McKensick, what is your date of birth, sir?
twelve nine eighty-five.
OK, Mr. McKensick. If you can please provide me with an authenticating ID number, credit card, social security driver's license, state ID number, account number.
yeah sure. Hold on. Let me get my credit card for you.
No problem at all, sir. Take your time.
OK my credit card number is four zero three nine.
OK.
Zero five five zero.
OK.
Eight four seven six.
OK.
Six nine eight zero.
Six nine eight zero.
OK, Mr. McKensick. I'm gonna answer the security question that's on, excuse me, ask the security question that's on your account. What street did you grow up on, sir?
I grew up on Hampton Avenue and my phone number is two one six two seven six eight four three nine.
And my email address is B Rabbit eighty-three forty-six at Gmail dot com.
OK. Thank you for all that information, Mr. McKensick.
No problem.
I'm gonna open up your account here and let me just get to this screen. One second.
Mr. McKensick, what is the reason for your closure of your savings account today? Is there anything that was wrong with it or anything that that we could've do to maybe keep it open for your today?
no, nothing in particular. I just really have my money all my money in one place that's all.
OK.
And you said you'd like to take that and put into the checking's. Correct?
Yes.
OK.
OK. So what we're gonna do. I'm gonna need a couple more pieces of information in order to fulfill your request today, Mr. McKensick.
What is the routing number associated with the checking account?
let me get that for you.
No problem. Take your time.
OK. You say my account number or my routing number?
I need it for the. I need your routing number first, please.
OK. The routing number is four four zero.
Four four zero.
Nine six seven.
Nine six seven.
Six five.
One two.
Six nine.
One two. OK and then Mr. McKensick, may I have the account number associated with the checking account, please?
OK. The account number is one zero two seven eight nine five six three six.
Mhm.
OK, Mr. McKensick, it says that that account number is incorrect. Do you think that you may have made a mistake on one of the numbers?
Hold on let me see OK. Will read that back to you.
OK.
one zero two.
Mhm.
Seven eight nine.
Mhm.
Five six seven eight. I'm sorry.
All right. That Mr. McKensick. No problem at all. I have access to your account. Just give me one second here, sir.
Go ahead, sir.
OK Mr. McKensick, it says here in your savings account that you have five hundred eleven dollars and twelve cents and in your checking account there is seven hundred ten dollars and twelve cents. Correct?
yes. That sound all right.
OK.
OK so what we're gonna do here is we're gonna put the savings account at a closure. We are gonna transfer those funds over to your checking account and that's all just gonna be one big balance for you there. OK?
yes. Thank you. Thank you.
No problem at all. Give me one more second here.
OK. So I can I can confirm that I have completely closed your savings account today, Mr. McKensick, and transferred your funds over to your checking account. now is there anything further about banking products that we have available maybe some of our other programs or cards or anything of that nature?
no. Nothing I can think of.
OK. Well, Mr. McKensick, I do thank you for banking with Intellibank today. My name is Mike again. You have a great day.
All right. Thank you. You too.
No problem.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael, how may I help you?
hey Michael, I'm calling I can't find my credit card.
yes, sir. would you like to report this credit card lost or stolen?
yes. That is why I called.
yes, sir. I can help you with that. what is your first and last name, sir?
I'm John Walker.
And your date of birth, please?
November thirtieth nineteen sixty.
And what is the last four digits of the social security number for this account?
nine three seven six.
Thank you, sir.
And for the security of for the security of your account, I would just like to validate some more identification. the security questions for this account is, what is your mothers maiden name? could I have the answer to that question, sir?
yes. That's Jeffries.
J E F F R I E S.
Thank you, sir. That is the answer to the question we have on file.
Would you happen to know the credit card number for the card which is lost?
That's kind of a funny question. I'll get it. but you're asking me for the credit card number which I've lost. But, hold on, I have it written down somewhere.
OK. I do have it here on my phone. do you need that number?
yes, sir. And it doesn't have to be your credit card number. It could also be the account number assign assigned for this account. but if you happen to have the credit card number.
Oh.
Oh, OK.
Yes, that number is one zero one five two six zero zero three one zero three eight seven zero zero.
Thank you, sir.
And do you remember the date which you remember losing or misplacing this card?
I only realized today I lost it. So it, it could be yesterday. Wait, or maybe it was last week.
Hold on. Monday OK. It was last week. It's been about five days now. That I last remember having it.
Yes, sir. So from the time between yesterday and about five days ago is when you think you lost this card? Is that correct, sir?
yes.
OK. Thank you, sir. do you remember the most recent transaction on this card?
God, I went so many places that day. I went to a breakfast place, IHOP. and then I, there was a mini-mart. I think it was just called mini-mart, Benny's Mini-Mart. And that's all I can remember.
OK. Thank you, sir. Hold on one moment please while I look through these transactions.
so sir, according to what I'm seeing the most recent transaction, which actually occurred yesterday, was at Home Depot. And this was for a hundred and thirty-nine dollars and forty cents. At Home Depot did you, do you remember purchasing something at Home Depot?
I.
Don't go to Home Depot.
So, no. That's not my charge.
Oh, I also went to a restaurant called Lima Creola.
Yes, sir. I found the the the gas station convenience store. And also I'm finding Lima Creola. As recent transactions on this card. But the most, the latest transaction was from Home Depot for a hundred and thirty-nine dollars and forty cents. Would you like me to dispute this transaction, sir?
absolutely. That's not mine.
So.
Yes, sir. I will do that immediately. I will also cancel this current credit card and issue a new one. the the address which we have on file. Your home address which we have on file is one two zero Vassal Street. Is this a good address to send you your replacement card?
that's still my address. Yes.
Thank you, sir. you will receive your new card within the next two to three business days. but as of this moment I have canceled this card and we will dispute the Home Depot transaction of a hundred and thirty-nine dollars and forty cents. what's going to happen is this is going to go to our fraud department. And our team is going to take a look at this. But you will not be responsible for the charge for that recent purchase. you will be reimbursed. I will cancel the card. in the next two to three days, you should receive your new card. And and in the mail, when you do get your card, there'll be instructions of how to activate your new credit card. And there's two ways you can do this, sir. You can either do it on the phone. and the phone number will be tucked inside the letter envelope. which will give you precise instructions of how to activate your card. Or you can do it online. from our main webpage at Intellibank webpage. Is there anything else I can help you with, sir?
no, that sounds good. OK. So, great. yeah, cuz normally a fraud charge is immediately reversed. And so that's what's happening? And then then y'all figure out what to do with or or y'all research it and and see what's what happened at Home Depot?
yes, sir. you should be reimbursed for this fraudulent purpose, fraudulent purchase. within the next one to two days. it is at the end of the day, currently when you're calling. So it may happen today, but mostly likely tomorrow.
OK. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with, sir?
no, that's it. I do appreciate it. I will look forward to getting that new card.
Yeah, I'm sorry this happened, sir. thank you for reporting it to us and have a nice day.
All right, thanks. Bye.
Bye, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Lisa. How may I help you today?
Yes, I need to update my phone number and also is there another way I can update my phone number?
OK, I can help you with that. Let's get some of your information pulled up here. Can I have your first and last name please?
Sure, Sunni. S U N N I. Bean. B E A N.
Thank you. And your address?
Eighteen forty-two Woodsline Street, apartment H two. Fairborn Ohio, four five three two four.
Great, and your phone number?
Nine three seven, four six three, three three eight zero.
Thank you, and your date of birth?
Six thirty eighty-one.
Thank you. I also need to have your social security number.
Five two two six five eight seven nine eight.
Thank you, and do you have your authenticating ID?
I do. I have that.
OK, do you have your security question?
I don't know what that is.
OK. Give me just a moment here. Are you sure you don't have that information written down somewhere?
Yeah, I can't find it.
OK. Unfortunately when you call over the phone, if you don't have the answers to those questions, there's not much I can do to help because I can't verify your identity.
OK.
Would you like me to tell you other ways that you can update your phone number?
Yes, and also how I can change my address too.
Oh, OK. So, do you have access to our online banking?
Yes, I do.
OK. That's good, so if you go into online banking, you can go into the tab on the top that says profile. And you'll click that, and that'll give you the option to change anything you need. Your phone number, your address, your email address. You'll update it there, and click the update button.
OK.
How's that sound?
Sounds good.
I'm sorry that I'm not able to do it over the phone for you. Would you like me to maybe put in a request to update your security question and your authenticating ID?
Yes.
OK. So what will happen is, we'll send you a letter in the mail, with a pin number on it. And you'll call back and give us that PIN number. And then we can reset that over the phone.
OK.
That that will make it easier next time you try to call in.
OK.
I think you can also go into the security tab in the online banking. And maybe update it there. I believe that you can but I'm not a hundred percent sure.
Wouldn't I need my old one to update it though?
No, you just need your login information for online banking.
OK.
OK.
Is there any way I can get my account balance?
Unfortunately Ms. Bean I can't do anything with your account today.
That's ridiculous.
I'm sorry, I know that's frustrating for you.
Did you move or is there a reason you wanted to update your I your phone number and address?
No, I changed my phone number, and I wanted to make sure my address is correct because I didn't move.
OK. Do you have access to online banking now, like on a computer where I can hold on, while you can load that up?
Yes I do.
OK, are you willing to do that?
Sure.
OK. Well I'll hold on while you load up online banking.
OK, it'll be just a minute.
Sure, take your time.
.
Oh, it said my password was wrong.
oh. Yeah, and in order to change your password you have to have your security question and your ID, your authenticating ID.
This is ridiculous.
Why don't you try logging in one more time and maybe you have your capslock on? Your keyboard, sometimes people do that and that will make it come back. Incorrect.
All right hold on one second.
Sure.
.
OK I got it.
Oh you were able to log in?
Yes.
OK great. So why don't you go to the profile tab. Do you see where it'll will let you update your address, phone number? Email address? OK. And go ahead and click on the security tab.
OK.
Do you see where it will give you the option to update your authenticating ID and your security number?
Yes I do.
Good, OK. So I will let you work on that and if you have any trouble wait until you get that letter in the mail with the pin number like I said and then you can call back and I can do it over the phone for you.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I guess not.
All right, well thank you for calling.
Thank you.
You're welcome, bye bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes, hello Jerry, my name is Evelyn Richards.
can you help me find an ATM near me?
Happy to help you with that, Ms. Richards, and how's your day going?
Well my day is going really well. I need I'm trying to get some money out to help my son, you know, with some things that they're trying to get taken care of.
not a problem at all, and I can certainly understand. you know, sounds like your son's got a great mom there who been willing to help him out.
Yes, oh yes. He's a great son as well.
Well, Ms. Richards, if I could just ask, what is your phone number?
It is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
OK, that's six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
Correct.
OK, and Ms. Richards, where. what is the street address of where you're looking to find an ATM near?
OK, it is three six eight eight Lehman Court.
OK, that's three six eight eight Lehman Court.
Yes.
All right, and what's the city?
Smyrna.
And what's the state?
Georgia.
All right, and let me see if I can pull that up.
OK.
And and by the way how much money can I get out of the account?
you're asking how much money can you withdraw from the ATM?
Yes.
OK, sure yes. Well, the daily withdrawal limit at our ATMs Ms. Richards, is seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Wow, OK, thanks.
So, you know, you can go to the ATM and withdraw up to seven hundred and fifty dollars and that's per day.
OK. Well good I can do quite a bit with that.
Terrific, and I was able to pull up about two or three different locations that I'm seeing here. one is about a half a mile from your address that you gave me there and that address for the ATM is six twenty-three Roberts Road. The other is located at five twenty-two Johnsonville Avenue and the other is twenty-two eleven Bill Drive.
OK, that's the one that I need right there.
OK. Terrific. that one appears to be located actually in a shopping plaza. looks like this is located at a grocery store. It's saying Publix here.
Yes, OK.
OK. Well terrific, and with that being said Ms. Richards, by the way are you aware of our online banking options that we have available?
No.
OK. Well, if you're unaware of the online banking, Ms. Richards, you actually can just go to our website here at Intellibank and if you have your account number you can of course create your online account with us and right there you'll just choose your own username and password that you create.
Takes less than thirty seconds and from there you'll be able to access your account right there online. You'll be able to update your address, your phone number.
You can check your account balances with us. I see here you have both a checking and savings account with us. As well as you can make your payments on your auto loan that you have with us. You can do that all right there online, as well as transfer funds between your checking and savings account.
right there online and you can also check for the ATM locations by entering in the address in our system online and it will then offer you ATM locations near the address you give us.
Well that is wonderful. I don't go online that much, but I do need to learn to do that.
You can do that and beyond that as well, Ms. Richards.
That's what I'm here for as well. You can always give us a call here at the helpline if you're not comfortable going online and we're more than happy to assist you here on the helpline by giving us a call as well.
Well thank you so much.
let me ask, Ms. Richards, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, there's not anything else you can assist me with today.
Well, Ms. Richards, we certainly do appreciate your time and you know, hopefully we were able to address all of your questions here today and hopefully you can get the money for your son here shortly.
Absolutely, that is the plan. I'm glad I can get that much out.
Terrific. Ms. Richards, you do have a terrific day.
You too. Thank you.
Bye bye now.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes. I need to find an ATM location.
OK. I can check into that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
Alright. And do you prefer I call you Jill or Miss Baker?
You can call me Jill.
Alright Jill so are you trying to find an AT ATM location for Intellibank? Is that correct?
Yes that's right.
OK Jill. And where are you calling me from right now?
So I'm at my hotel in Kansas City right now.
OK Jill. Do you have the address of your hotel? Or could you give me the hotel name and I can try to search that for you?
OK. Yeah give me one second. I think there's something here with the address on. It's like for food delivery and stuff. Hold on one second OK?
OK. Go ahead. Take your time.
Right. So. So it's Plaza Main Hotel. And the address is four five zero Morningwood Drive in Kansas City.
OK. Let me just read that back to you. You said four-fifty Morningwood Drive. Four five zero Morningwood Drive in Kansas City. Is that correct?
Yes that's right.
OK. And do you happen to know what the ZIP code for that area is?
Yes. So it says it's six four five oh one.
Alright. Let me look that up for you. Give me just a couple seconds OK. I'm gonna try to give you a couple of options close to you. But let me do a real quick search OK.
Wait wait. No. Sorry. I'm sorry. That ZIP code is actually six four five oh two. I'm sorry. I'm I'm sorry I read that wrong.
That's OK. No worries. Give me just a moment to correct that OK.
That's fine. Are you in Kansas City too?
I actually am. Yes.
Do you happen to like have a good cab service you'd recommend for someone around here?
I actually I don't really use any of the cab services. I I generally use the Uber app if I need to find a ride somewhere. Do you do you have the Uber app?
Yeah so I normally Uber. But I had to wait like two hours yesterday for a driver. I was kind of looking for something a little bit faster. But if I have to Uber I will.
so I know that we have this thing called zTrip here too. Personally I've never used them but I know that they do have drivers that kind of roam the streets just waiting for a call. So you may not have to wait for someone to actually pick up the job for you if if you call them. it may be a little bit faster for you.
So you said it was like called zTrip. Like a Z as in zebra.
Yeah that's correct Jill. it's zebra oh sorry zTrip Z as in zebra. OK Jill so I have found two possible locations for you based on your hotel. if you let me know when you're ready I'll go ahead and share those with you.
You can go ahead I'm ready.
OK so the first address looks like in it's an ATM address and it's just two blocks from you. It's in the Sanderson Hotel lobby. The address there is four one zero nine Francis Street Kansas City. It's it's that really large white building with the huge clock on the outside. you might be able to see it from your hotel window depending on what side of the hotel your room is on.
I can't see it from my hotel but I think I've seen it when I was driving in.
OK and then and the next one is maybe five blocks away. And that one looks like it's on the street side just outside of Morelli's Italian Cuisine. the address for that one is three two one North Diano Road. And that's Kansas City Missouri. do either of those locations seem like they could work for you?
Oh yeah both of them do. That's really helpful.
OK so the second one is a drive through location. I'm sorry. So the third one that I have is a drive through location in the parking lot of Kroger grocery. if you want me to give you that address too then I can give that one to you.
It sort of sounds like both of them are are in walking distance then.
Yeah they're they're both in walking distance. let me see real quick too. OK was there anything else that I can help you with today?
yes actually oh my gosh wait one second. I think I've left my debit card at home. I cannot find my wallet now that I'm trying to look. Oh my goodness.
OK have you used it since arriving in Kansas City or at that hotel?
No I don't think so. I've mainly been using my company credit card. I I definitely think I forgot it.
OK Jill that's OK we can figure this out for you OK. Do you do you think you may have lost the card or do you think you just left it at home?
I think I probably just left it at home not thinking. I I downsized purses to come here and I. Oh I can't believe I've done this.
It's OK. Were you planning to use the ATM to to make a cash withdrawal today?
Yeah I need to get some cash. I don't have access to any of my bank accounts at all do I?
OK so what you can do is you can go to one of our Intellibank branch locations and provide a photo ID. And they should be able to help you get some cash out OK. They can also print you a new debit card for for you while you're there too so you'll have one for your trip if you wanna do that.
Really?
Yeah yeah they should be able to help you with that. so you don't need your debit card to go into that banking location. You'll just need your personal ID so if you wanna do it that way that's also an option for you.
OK can you tell me where the nearest branch is to my hotel?
Yeah let me look real quick for you. OK so it looks like we have a location just a mile and a half from you. If you're ready I can give you that address.
Yeah I'm ready.
OK so that adress is nine zero eight East Lincoln Road and it's Kansas City Missouri. and that's that's it doesn't look like it's very far from you. It looks like it's maybe two miles from that home.
right so then I just need my photo ID is it?
Yes that's all your need is your photo ID. And if you have any kind of additional security on your account they should be able to ask you those questions and you'll get that worked out for you while you're there.
OK that's great.
Jill was there anything else I could do for you today?
No I don't think so that that was all wonderful. I appreciate it.
Alright Jill well thank you for choosing Intellibank. You have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Bethany. How may I help you?
Hi my name's Thomas. How you doing today Bethany?
I'm doing well. What can I do for you?
Well I went out drinking and had a blast. I met a few friends for drinks things got out of hand and I lost my wallet.
I see and are you calling today to report you've lost your debit card or credit card ?
Exactly. My credit card. Can you help me with this?
I'd be happy to assist you with this matter today.
Let's pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
Sure. My name is Thomas Antonio Cruz and I live at fifteen thirty-three apple bottom way.
Thank you. And your phone number?
My number is six one two two two nine three nine zero nine.
Alright and your date of birth?
My date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine. I'm old enough to drink at least.
Great. Please verify the last four of your social security number for me.
Sure. It's four four eight one.
And what is the name of your first pet?
Winky.
Winky. Thank you. Do you know the credit card number?
I actually have a copy of my credit card. My mom always told me to keep a photo copy for when I travel in case I lost it. How'd she know?
Moms are usually pretty smart ladies. May I have the number?
Yeah I gotta go get the copy. Can you hold on a second?
Certainly sir.
Alright I'm back. Are you still there?
Yes I'm here. Thomas please go ahead.
Alright. My credit card number is four four one two two two one two three nine eight seven zero one zero four.
Was that four four one two two two one two three nine eight seven zero one oh four?
Yes.
Thank you Thomas. One moment while I review the account here.
Yeah take your time.
So have you ever been to an all night rave?
Actually Thomas I can't say I have.
You should go some time it was a blast.
Sounds like it. Can you tell me where and when you lost your card?
Yeah it was last night October twenty second in Burbank.
And can you confirm the name of the business?
It would have been Bennet Entertainment. I bought the entrance ticket for me and my buddy.
Oh yes. I do see that charge here. That is the last charge showing. So I will go ahead and cancel the card and request that you be issued a replacement. How's that sound?
Yeah.
OK.
That sounds great.
Good good. That new card will arrive by mail in seven to ten business days. You'll be required to activate that. You can call the phone number on the back of the card. The process is automated and it'll take you less than sixty seconds. Do you have any questions?
Yeah will the envelope say intel bank on it?
Actually we're Intellibank. But no. It'll be a plain white envelope. There'll be no indication a credit card lies within.
Good good. Cuz I don't trust any of my neighbors and you never know who goes through your mail.
Yeah. Yeah that's true. You do have to practice precaution now a days. is there anything else I can help you with today Thomas?
No. No I think you've done everything I needed to do today. I really appreciate it. Oh. Oh actually is is there anything more I need to do. What if someone used my card?
Well the last charge was last night at Bennet Entertainment. I don't see any activity after that. And I have went ahead and canceled that card. So if anyone tries to use it or present it for payment anywhere it'll be declined. It's very unlikely that additional charges would post after I've canceled the card.
OK yeah that makes sense.
Any other questions or concerns? Anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that'll do it.
Great. You have a great day.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Melissa, and how may I assist you today?
Hey Melissa, how are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well ma'am, thank you so much for asking. And how may I assist you?
Well it seems I have misplaced or lost my credit card, and I'm not sure what I need to do about that.
All right ma'am. That's not a problem, I'd be more than happy to assist you with that today. may I have your first and last name please?
Sure. It's Theresa T H E R E S A. Jonson J O N S O N.
All right. I have Theresa Jonson, J O H N S O N?
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
Thank you. And may I have your date of birth please?
yes ma'am. It's April the seventh nineteen seventy-eight.
All right. I have April the seventh nineteen seventy-eight. And may I have your drivers' license number please?
Sure. It's W nine two three five four zero nine three seven seven eight.
All right. I have W nine two three five four zero nine three seven seven eight.
Yes ma'am.
All right, thank you ma'am. And I do have a security question on file for ya. What was the model of your first car?
Oh oh goodness my baby, it was a nineteen seventy-eight Trans Am.
All right. Those are beautiful cars, I don't blame you one bit for calling that your baby. I've always wanted one myself.
Oh yeah, I miss that one so much. I I hate that I ever traded it in.
Oh I understand completely ma'am. now let's see, the credit card that's in question, may I have the number for that please?
sure. It's five actually can you hold on just one moment and let me grab my statement from the other room? I'm sorry, I don't remember it off the top of my head.
Oh that's not a problem Miss Johnson. Just let me know when your back.
OK. Thanks. Just one second.
OK. are you are you still there?
Yes ma'am I sure am.
OK. That number is five one one eight nine seven two three six two four nine four six eight no I'm I'm sorry, I read that wrong. Can I repeat that?
Yes ma'am, absolutely.
OK. It's five one one eight nine seven two three six two four nine four eight six four. Sorry about that.
That's no problem whatsoever ma'am. Just one moment while I pull up your account.
OK great. Thank you.
All right Miss Johnson. I'm just looking at your transaction history here. What was the date that you last remember using your card on? The date where you think you lost it?
Well I took my dad out for his birthday for a birthday breakfast that would have been on October the tenth.
All right, so October the tenth?
Yes ma'am.
And what was the name of the business that you took him to breakfast at?
it would have been at Bundy's Bakery, they have the best cupcakes down there.
All right ma'am that is the last transaction I am showing on there, so thankfully nobody's gotten hold of it and used it. Now what we can do I can go ahead and cancel out this credit card and re-issue another one and have it sent out to you.
OK, yeah that sounds great.
All right. I do need to get the address of where you would like your new cards sent to.
OK. We live at six fifty-six Huntz Lane which is H U N T Z. Lane in San Diego California.
All right. So six five six Huntz H UN T Z Lane. In San Diego California.
Yes ma'am.
All right. Just one moment, let me get this processed for ya.
OK. Thank you.
All right Miss Johnson, I do have this new card issued for you and it should arrive to you in five to ten business days in the mail. And when you get that card on the front of it there'll be a little sticker with the phone number all you have to do to activate it is call that phone number and follow the prompts and you will be good to go.
OK great. Thank you.
Yes ma'am. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No ma'am, that does it. Thank you so much for your help.
Yes ma'am. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and have a wonderful day.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. Can I help you?
Yes. Hello. Hello. Am I speaking to a real real real agent?
Yes, yes you are sir.
Oh.
Wonderful wonderful. I usually get automated people automated computers. yes. I definitely need some help for sure. I I need to make a transfer obviously after what I saw. it's and I don't understand this cuz there's no way it's I got a letter saying that I had a overdraft or something on my checking account and that's totally impossible. I mean we meticulously keeping watch on our our ledger and our you know checking. So I just need to check that out.
OK sir. I that's no problem. I'll be able to help you with that. I'm gonna have to ask you some verifying information on your account to verify your identity. OK. What's your first and last name?
John Roland Rowntree.
OK. Thank you for that. And what is your date of birth?
My birth date is two twenty-eight two thousand.
OK. Thank you.
No problem.
And what is your address?
My address is six ninety Flat Top Road.
OK. Thank you very much. Yes, sir.
West Virginia.
Six.
Six five five three two.
Thank you very much for that.
I'm not too.
Far from y'all. Just up the road about ten miles.
And what's your date of birth?
Date of birth is two twenty-eight two thousand.
Thank your for that. And I need you to give me the four digit pin on your account.
four digit pin. Oh goodness. hey hold on a hold on a second. Hey honey what's four digit pin on the on the checking? OK. Thanks. It's four two one eight.
Thank you sir for that.
No problem. Sorry about that.
And.
No it's no problem. And let's see and I need you to verify this the answer to your security question for the verification.
All the different.
All the different questions? I think there's three of them. Yeah, sure.
Yes. the we just need one and it's the your mother's maiden name?
Comer.
OK. Thank you for that. OK. And you were having a problem with an overdraft on your account.
C A M E R.
Yeah. On my checking. It's saying I'm like it didn't say how much it say you overdrafted and I didn't look my my my wife was telling me about it.
OK OK.
So I just I just called. I'm not sure how much it was. Yeah we did a we balanced the checkbook out and there's no way it could happen.
OK sir. Well.
too. and I don't have my I don't have any online banking up here on the mountain cuz there's no cell service so I can't look at my look at my sheet to see what I to see what's happened.
OK.
Oh we can set you up the first your online banking and to make it easier for you.
Well I could do it on my my mobile device.
Yes sir. Yes. Did you need you need to be able to get into that twenty-four hours a day whenever you need to get into it. So I'll help you set that up.
Thank you so much cuz I can't even look at my statement till I get back into town.
No problem no problem. And what I've pulled up here it looks like that you have been double charged for your electric bill.
Oh, is that right?
Then.
That is is throwing your account in the deficit. So, so that would be the problem and yes you do have two overdraft fees I'm showing here and because.
Well they're gonna pay my overdraft fee for this.
forty-five
Bucks from them?
And because you've come in and dealt with this at a at an early convenience I'm gonna waive that fee.
Heck, make them pay for it.
Yes, sir. I'm gonna I'm gonna waive that fee for you so that you don't have that to worry about and I'll suggest you would call the company and and and see why that that happened. But I am gonna ask you to if you would like to withdraw the funds to do a internal transfer from this account from a a different account to this account to cover the.
They got the money.
Yeah.
Yes.
I still need to do do a I I still need to make a transfer from my from my savings to my checking.
OK.
OK. What I'm gonna ask you are the the account number for the withdrawal?
OK. I do have that ready. Hold now. All right. It's two one six eight one one two nine zero.
OK.
Mhm.
OK. Thank you very much sir. And the deposit number that the withdrawal is gonna get deposited into. Yes.
my checking
Moving from my savings into my checking.
OK.
that's two one six.
Yes sir.
Eight one one two eighty. There's it's numbers are close.
Mhm.
And thank.
You very much and the verification of the funds that are in this account is is five thousand eight hundred dollars.
In my savings? OK.
Yes.
Five thousand what?
Eight hundred.
OK. That's what I.
do you want to take all of that and put it into your checking or would you like to just take a partial?
I just wanna put
I just wanna put two thousand.
OK sir. I've got that down too. OK. And this transfer will happen by one o'clock tomorrow afternoon. So you can look for that. And it'll you'll have an email that'll prompt you to when this takes place. And as far as online banking I wanna have you redo your redo your security question and go into WWW dot Intellibank dot com and put in all your personal information.
One. OK.
OK.
And I wanna have you sign in and then I'm gonna give you a temporary pass code that you can take home and you can use that to be able to get into your account anytime that you need. And then in whenever you get in you can change that to your permanent. So that four digit code is gonna be four four three six.
OK. And I can transfer on the online banking?
You can do that also. I've taken care of this for you today but then if you ever have anything in the future that you need to address and you can't make it in to a branch or you can't make it to call us then you can maybe try to tackle that yourself through the online banking. And if you have any problems at all and just know you can always call us and we'll be more than happy to help you with any issue you might have.
OK.
That's really cool.
Is there is there anything else I can help you with today?
there's something else. Honey what what did you wanna know about the bank? Oh something about. Oh oh do you do small business loans?
Yes yes sir. We do. We do small business loans and we also do refinancing mortgages.
OK. She's wanting to redo the kitchen the kitchen at the our we have a little we own a little restaurant.
Oh OK. Yes sir. Yes sir. No problem Well is there anything else I can help you with today?
we'll get back with you on that.
I guess that's it.
OK. Thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a nice day.
You too ma'am. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Where I value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
So I have a flier from Intellibank that says you have a bunch of new locations opening up and I'm wondering if they're any closer to me than the one that I currently go to. just based on the slide. It looked like you had some that maybe, maybe in the midzone.
yeah, I can check for you. Give me just one second. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
All right and do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
Jill's fine please.
All right Jill. So you're wanting to see if Intellibank has any locations closer to your home is that correct?
Yes. That's what I'd like.
OK. Can you give me your home address?
Yes, so my home address is six three seven North Prospect.
OK. Just wanna confirm that. So you said six three seven North Prospect. Correct? And is that Prospect Avenue or Street?
Oh, it's Avenue. I'm sorry.
That's all right. Like let me take a look here. Can you tell me about the branch that you were currently using?
so I mainly go to the Intellibank on Douglas Street off of twenty-third. I'm not exactly sure what that address is. If you can hold on I can look for it to find a receipt to something. Oh. I can't find it, I'm sorry I thought I had like a a bill or receipt or something in the purse, but I know it's just off Douglas Street. I can try to look it up online or something if you need me to.
Oh, no, no, no that shouldn't be unnecessary. Let me. Let me try to look that up for you. does the address twenty-three forty Douglas Street, does that sound correct to you?
yeah, that would make sense. It's not far off twenty-third. Yeah, I think that's it.
OK. So that location says that it's three point three miles from your residence. Let's see if we can't find something closer for you OK. All right. Jill, let me. Let me ask you some quick questions here today. What services do you primarily use with Intellibank?
I have a checking and a savings account with you guys is that what you mean?
Yeah do you make deposits regularly or just withdrawals? I mean do you make like in person deposits I I mean I'm not referring to just just your direct deposits I meant more do you go into the branch and actually make physical deposits with the bank?
mostly just withdrawals I guess in person, but occasionally I'll make a deposit like I'll deposit a check or something.
OK. So I may have a couple of options for you just based on the services that you stated that you regularly use. So it looks like most of what you do as far as making those few deposits that you make and withdrawals. You can do that at ATM location. so would you be interested in maybe hearing more about those ATM locations that are closer to you?
So I don't make deposits very often, but I don't have a checkbook either. So I will always need, you know. I need those little deposit papers that tellers give me when I do make a deposit. So that would be my question I guess. what do I do about that? Do I have to order, order checks to get those or how do I get those little papers?
OK Jill. So I think what you're referring to is our deposit slips. And actually everyone of our ATM locations should have deposit slips available at the box. they should also have little envelopes for you to push those deposits through if you. If you're making whether it's a cash or or check deposit. OK?
OK. Yeah deposit slips that's what I was thinking of. I'm sorry it slipped my mind. that's perfect. Then yes, I just need to know where the nearest ATM is then.
OK. So we've got a couple options for you. The first one is an ATM that says it's one point seven miles away from your home. the address for that one is eight zero nine North Bolton that's eight zero nine North Bolton. B O L T O N. Road. And that's Kansas City Missouri. And it looks like it's on the exterior of the Full and Fill gas station. Do you maybe need me to repeat that address so you can write it down?
No, I think I know exactly where that is. I didn't realize that there was an ATM there now. that would be really handy though. you said you might have a second location too.
I do. If you'd like a second location I can find one that's that's possibly a little bit closer to you. Give me one second here. I think the one point seven mile the Full and Fill is gonna to be the closest one to you, but I do have one that's at two point one miles. Would you like me to give you that one as well?
sure you can give it to me. I I think this one will be close enough but still have a back up if you don't mind.
All right. So the next one I have it looks like that one. Like I said it's two point one miles away, and the address for that is seven one one East Hamptel. H A M P T E L. That's seven one one East Hamptel. H A M P T E L. And that's also Kansas City. I'm sorry and that's. That's actually a street. I apologize, I should have said that. That's Hamptel Street and it's Kansas City Missouri And it looks like that one is actually a drive through location, and it is located just outside of the Kroger grocery store. Do you know where that one's at?
I do know where that one's at. I'm gonna write that one down too so I have both of them.
OK. Was that all I could do for you today Jill or was there something else that you needed from me today?
I don't think so, I just needed these locations. I truly appreciate it.
All right Jill. Well best of luck to you. thank you for choosing Intellibank and you enjoy your day. OK?
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. My name is Monica Stephens.
OK Monica. And can I I get your date of birth?
Yes. One one nineteen sixty.
One one nineteen-sixty. Oh New Year baby.
Yeah!
Whoo!
All right, and for security purpose, can I get your state ID or drivers' licence?
Yes. P G one three three seven four eight.
OK. And also for security purpose can I get your email address we have on file?
Yes. pineapple hint at Gmail dot com.
Mm, pineapple hint?
Yes.
OK. All righty. OK Miss Stevens, what can I do for you?
Yes, I wanted to transfer some money to another person's account.
OK. We can do that.
OK.
All right. And what account are we pulling from? Checkings or savings?
we're gonna pull from the savings.
OK. All right. Just one moment. Can I get the savings number?
Yes. Eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero nine eight.
Six zero zero nine eight?
Yes.
OK. All right, and what is the amount we're?
I'm gonna send two thousand.
Two thousand?
Yes.
OK. All right. Let's get this ready for two thousand. And what is the name of the receiver?
Mary Wright.
Mary Wright?
Yes. W R I G H T.
OK. And do you have a routing number?
Yes. Nine seven six two one five zero four one.
OK. All righty. And account number?
two zero eight eight eight four five three three six.
OK. And that is two thousand?
Yes, out of my savings.
OK. All right. Just to confirm. All right. now is this a friend or family?
Family.
Family? OK. We just have to make sure of that when we do this.
OK.
We put it on file so that way if anything happens they. can. Identify the situation. All right. Mary Wright will be getting the two thousand dollars right now. OK. right now your account balance for your savings is eight thousand four hundred and eighty three dollars.
Right.
OK.
OK.
Now Oh, OK.
Give it.
No, go ahead.
No, I were gonna wonder how long will it take for her to receive it?
I was I was just say that usually it takes a day or two. No more than forty-eight hours.
Oh.
Oh. OK.
Mkay. Sometimes depending on the bank it can be within or minutes or hours, but we do tell people give them a heads up that it might take up to forty-eight hours.
OK.
Oh, OK.
Mkay.
but the transfer is complete. it should be pending to her accounts. You can actually call her and let her know.
All right.
To check for the pending.
Will do.
But other than that, anything else I can do for you?
no, that's about it for today.
That's about it?
Yes.
OK. Well thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a lovely day Miss Stephens.
You too. Thank you, I appreciate your help.
no problem.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank.
My name is Lisa. How may I assist you today?
Hi. I wanted to make a transfer from my my checking account into my wife's checking account.
OK. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that. May I have your name and your date of birth?
Yes. My name is Daniel Corson. That's C O R S O N. date of birth is January twenty-seventh, nineteen seventy.
Thank you Mr. Corson. And may I have your address, please?
yeah, well it's either gonna be forty-three seventeen Perry Street or ten seventy-five Deer Cove Drive.
And what city and state are those located in?
Midlands, Texas. And the ZIP code is seven nine seven five six.
OK. So is one your business account and or business address and one is your home address or?
no no. I'm sorry. the.
I had just recently moved. I just wasn't sure which one you guys had on record. My most. The the Address I just moved to is is ten seventy-five Deer Cove Drive.
That's D E E R C O V E.
And it's Midlands, Texas. They're both in Midlands, Texas. Midlands, Texas seven nine seven five six.
Great. OK, that's the one I have. So thanks for updating that with me.
OK.
Can I go ahead and verify that you email is up to date while we're doing this?
yeah my email's Daniel L Corson at NetAid dot com.
Perfect. Thank you, Mr. Corson. And what is your account number of that checking account that you'd like to transfer from?
That's one five seven one two six two seven five three.
That routing number?
zero three one one six six six seven two.
Thank you so much. And may I have the routing number of the account you'd like to transfer to?
K. can you give me one second? I'm gonna go get her information, please.
Of course.
OK. You asked for her routing number?
Yes.
OK. That's zero four two two eight seven six five.
All right. Give me just a moment while I look into this into this transfer.
So how is your day going?
Oh, thank you for asking, Mr. Corson. It's going very well.
Busy but well.
How's your day going?
I'm all right.
That's good to hear.
All right. Mr. Corson, it looks like your checking account has a balance of five hundred dollars. How much would you like to transfer to your wife's account?
let me transfer two hundred.
OK. Just to verify, what is your wife's name?
Cindy, Cindy Ray.
Cindy Ray. Perfect. All right. So two hundred dollars transferring.
So that leaves you with an available balance of three hundred dollars.
And just so you're aware this transfer will be completed within one hour. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
actually since we're on the phone, can I go ahead and check the balance of my savings account?
Absolutely. Do you have that account number with you?
Yeah. I believe it's the same. It's it's one five seven one two six two seven five three.
Perfect. Looks like your savings has a balance of one thousand two hundred and ninety dollars.
OK.
Would you like any information on the convenience of online banking so you will be able to make these transfers and check balances online at your leisure?
no. I've been meaning to signup for the the online account and actually you have to download the app. I just haven't had a chance to do it yet.
OK. Great.
It's actually very simple to use so if you need assistance we do have a tech department here that can always help you but it it's pretty much just a step by step process.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, actually. I'm all good right now. Thank you very much.
Fantastic. Well again, Mr. Corson, my name was Lisa.
Thank you so much for your time today. And have a great day.
Have a great day, Lisa. Thank you.
Good morning Intellibank. This is Amanda. How may I help you?
Yes, this is Jennifer Johnson I need to update my address, please.
OK, no problem. What's your full name and date of birth?
It's Jennifer Johnson and my birthday is eight six two thousand. And the last four digits of my social are five nine seven one.
OK great. Can you tell me your account number, please?
I'm sorry I don't know my account number.
That's OK, what about a driver's license or an ID number?
No, I don't have either one of those with me. I'm sorry I just moved and I left my purse back home and I haven't been able to go get it yet.
well unfortunately I'm not able to change your personal info for you without you verifying one of those numbers.
Oh wow, what can I do?
Are you signed up for online banking?
Yes.
you can change your personal information yourself through our online banking app.
Well, I tried that but it wouldn't work.
OK, that's OK. I can walk you through it if you want.
Yeah, that would be great.
OK, just open the app and log in and then tell me when you get logged into it.
OK. All right, I got it.
OK. You should see on the right hand side the three little lines OK just click on those and click on settings after that.
OK. OK, I got it.
OK, and then you'll see the advanced tab just click on that.
OK, got that.
OK, and after that then go to personal and then click edit.
OK.
OK, did you get that?
Yeah, I got it.
OK now you should be able to enter your new address and click submit and it should change for you immediately.
OK.
OK, so just let me know when you submit it and then I'll check it on my end and see if it is changed for you.
OK. I'm done.
OK, give me just a second to pull it up for you.
OK. How's your day been?
my day's been good so far. How has yours been?
It's been pretty good.
OK, could you verify the new address for me?
Yes, it's eight six two twelve Avenue, Fairlawn Virginia six two eight three one.
OK, I'm just going to repeat that back to you. It's eight six two twelfth Avenue Fairlawn Virginia six two eight three one.
Yes, that's right.
OK, Jennifer looks like you've gotten your address all updated for you. is there anything else that we could help you with?
No, I think that's it.
OK well if there is anything else that you need you could just give us a callback and we'll help you with that.
OK thank you.
All right, well you have a great day.
You too.
All right, thank you bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cathy. How may I help you?
Hi Cathy. I'm calling today because I need to find an ATM machine and to make an internal transfer.
OK great. Now did you want to make that internal transfer at the ATM machine?
No no no. I'd rather do it on the phone.
OK no problem. So did you wanna go ahead and make that transfer now? Or did you want me to help you find the machine first?
why don't you help me find the machine first. yeah cause I've just been driving around and I can't seem to find an ATM. And it's I was really hoping that you could help me with that. because it's raining out and I the rain ugh I really hate the rain don't you?
Oh yeah rain can be no fun especially when you're driving around. OK. So do you know about where you're located?
Well the sign says Maple and Main.
Maple and Main.
Oh wait a minute wait a minute. I I read that wrong it's Maple and Mare. M A R E.
OK Maple and Mare?
Yes.
And that's in St. Louis?
That's correct.
OK great. At this time I'm showing the closest ATM to you would be fifteen twenty-one Southern Trace. Which is on the corner of four sixty-six and Southern Trace.
Oh OK. I think I know where that is. does it have a daily withdrawal limit at that ATM?
Yes there's a fifteen hundred dollar a day withdrawal.
Is that on every ATM or just that one?
Well that that's on your card itself. So it regardless of what machine you use that would be your daily limit.
OK now just for my personal knowledge could what are some other ATM machines that I could go to when I'm at say my job or just out you know doing my errands?
OK would this all be relatively close to where you are now or?
Yes.
OK great. I'm showing another one at fifteen thirty-three Mulberry Lane. Which is on the corner of forty-two and Mulberry.
OK and is it possible for me to use a ATM machine that's not with Intellibank?
Sure you can use an ATM machine that's not with Intellibank. If you prefer to use one where you're not gonna incur a fee, you can use any of the machines at Joe's Grocery. And you would not have a fee with that with our cards.
Oh oh well that's that's good. Now now what if it's a different bank's ATM machine?
You can use a different bank's ATM machine however you will be assessed a fee. It's a dollar on our end and then the machine will tell you how much they're charging on their end.
Ooh yeah guess I'd better guess I'd better look for one that's with Intellibank. do your ATM machines take cash deposits?
The ATM machines at the branches do take cash deposits.
OK and and and can I find ATM machines on your website?
Absolutely. If you go to Intellibank dot com and just click on ATM and then it will ask you for the area code where you are where you're located. I'm sorry the ZIP code where you're located and it will give you several locations within that ZIP code.
Oh OK. All right good good. the other thing I needed to do was I needed to make an internal transfer.
Oh absolutely. And and in order to help you with that if I could get your first and last name and your date of birth please?
Julie Williams. seven twenty-five fifty-seven.
OK. Thank you so much for that. And if I could also get the last four numbers of your social security number?
It's eight six one six.
And if I could get your mother's maiden name please?
Smith.
OK. Thank you so much. OK Julie you wanted to transfer funds?
Yes that's correct.
OK if I could get the account number you wish to transfer from.
OK. That number is one five zero one six six. Oh I'm sorry. I said that wrong. let me give that to you again it's one five zero one zero six eight five. That's my checking account.
OK thank you Julie. I I see that here now. And which account did you wanna transfer that to?
Well I only have one other one other account my savings account.
OK great. And does that account end in one three seven nine?
Yes. Yes it does.
OK thank you so much for that Julie. And I'm sorry you wanted to transfer how much money?
Three hundred dollars.
Three hundred dollars from your checking to your savings. Correct?
Yes.
OK, great.
Yes.
All right I've gone ahead and made that transfer for you. Well is there anything else I can help you with today Julie?
Well how soon will that that money be in my account?
That money is already in your account. And before I let you go I should've asked you earlier about our online banking. I know I had asked you if you wanted to make that transfer at the ATM machine that is a feature we offer with your debit card. But we also offer that with online banking. You can get online twenty-four hours a day and and make transfers anytime you'd like to between accounts.
Oh OK is that Intellibank dot com?
That would be Intellibank dot com. Go to our website and just press get started.
Oh that seems easy. I you is it gonna ask me for a bunch of information?
Just a little bit of personal information and as long as it matches what we have on file you will be approved the same day.
OK excellent. Well thank you so much Cathy. You've been very helpful today.
You're very welcome Julie. Thank you for calling Intellibank.
OK bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Bella, how can I help you?
Hey Bella, how you doing? my name is David and I have a couple of issues that I really need to get solved ASAP.
Sure David. What is your last name?
It's Sanders. S A N D E R S.
Mhm.
OK wonderful and what is your date of birth?
It is oh four two five nineteen eighty.
OK perfect and the last four digits of your social?
Oh two seven six.
OK and then finally your security question which is. no.
My favorite pet.
Childhood best friend.
No, you picked your favorite teacher.
Oh Usually, I don't get to the third option. that's a rarity. All right, so that's believe it or not my old math teacher Ms. Ballowender.
Yeah, Ballowender, OK. Yeah, I see it here and I was wondering how you pronounce that.
Ballowender OK. All right, well, Mr. Sanders, how can I help you?
All right, so let let me ask this question first cuz this is a question I'm scared to ask. What is the balance in my account right now?
OK, well I'll need your account number. Do you have that information on you?
hang on one second.
Sure.
Do you need the account number or like the ITM card number?
either either or.
All right, let's do let's do the account number.
OK.
It is oh nine eight.
Mhm.
Seven nine.
Mhm.
Two five.
One two six three zero.
OK perfect.
OK, the account balance in there is seven hundred and fifty-four dollars and eleven cents.
OK. All right, so we might have a little problem.
Oh no. What?
So actually it seems, I don't know if it was either lost or stolen, but my ATM card is missing.
Oh no. OK don't panic, don't worry. We will figure this out .
Do you know the last time you used that card?
All right, so last time I used it actually was last night at dinner.
OK.
With my family. We I I I. We like to go to Hooters. We like to go to Hooters. I love the wings.
I love the wings trust me and we were there and that was the last time I used it and I I'm almost positive the bill was about a hundred and somewhere around a hundred an~. I don't know the exact number, but around a hundred and twenty dollars with the tip.
OK.
OK so Hooters and did you call Hooters and see if they had your card there?
I did and they did not have my card.
OK.
OK, so lemme just look into the account and I can tell the last time the card was used. So let's see. OK?
Yeah, the last time anything was charged on the card was at Hooters on Old Town Road.
Yes.
OK.
Perfect. So you don't have to worry about that. So what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna cancel that card right now because just in case if someone else finds it they can't use it. So I'm canceling that right now and now what I can do is, we don't have to close your account or anything like that.
OK.
We will just issue you a new card.
OK.
OK, so let me just finish this up. One second. Just give me a second.
OK, so I canceled that.
Now if you can just confirm your address and I'll have the new card sent to you right away.
All right, it's seven seven two.
Mhm.
Thirty-first Avenue and that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine one one seven.
OK, perfect and.
So what you will do is, you'll get your card in about three to five business days. I know that's a little bit long.
What you can do is you can go to the bank and make a withdrawal in person.
You know, I know it's very inconvenient, but since you don't have your ATM card you won't be able to withdraw obviously from the ATM, but I'm gonna put a rush on it for you hopefully it'll just be the three business days and then what you do is when you get your card there'll be a sticker on it.
OK.
Just call that number and it will prompt you and and just walk you through everything to activate that card. It'll ask you to do a new pin number and all of that, but just just be mindful of the sticker on the card.
Call that number and it'll just walk you through everything.
OK.
And I'm so sorry Mr. Sanders that you've lost your card. I know how stressful that is.
I've done that before. It's very stressful.
Yeah, I'm just hoping. Well I I mean nothing can happen now cuz you put a stop on the old card. Yeah. So. So.
I canceled it. Right. Exactly and I put a note.
Right. So everything is good. I'm thank you so much. my account is safe now and I thank you.
Oh, no problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that that's it. Thank you so much for everything.
OK, great. have a great day. Bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great, Kim. How are you?
I'm doing pretty well. Rose, I need your help please with making a a transfer, a wire transfer over to a friend of mine's account.
I can certainly help you with that. I just have to ask you a couple of questions so I can get into the accounts to make that transfer, OK?
Sure.
All right. let's see here, bear with me just a moment, my screen just went completely black. One moment.
Oh no worries. Well, aside from that, how's your day been?
Oh it's been great. It's almost over, and that's the best part.
Oh thank goodness. that is always the best part in my opinion.
Yes ma'am! How's your day been?
Is, it's been pretty good. I've enjoyed the weather out and I've just been, you know, relaxing, enjoying my day.
That's so awesome. Our weather is definitely I don't know. Maybe it's going through a menopause. It's it's it's one way and then it, then it's another way the next day. I tell you, I was so excited because you know, I thought summer was over, basically. I live at the beach by the way, so summer's never really truly over, but over in the way that I could wear some, you know, more cooler weather type of you know, attire. No, it's back to the middle of summer again. It was fall for two days and now we're in second summer.
Oh, wow.
That's hilarious.
Yes, I know.
So, all right. I need to know your first and last name.
Sure my first name is Kim, last name is Johns, it's J O H N S.
Awesome, and your date of birth, Miss Johns.
my date of birth is April the twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven, and my phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five.
Awesome, I was just gonna ask you for that.
Oh, I figured. I've been through this before.
Thank you. And let's see, I need to ask you your security question. What street did you grow up on?
Sure, Broadway.
Thank you. And what account are we withdrawing from?
I am going to transfer from my checking to my friend's account which is a checking account as well.
OK and can I have your account number?
Sure. My account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you, and the dollar amount that you are transferring?
I am, you know, I'm gonna go ahead and just transfer a thousand to my friend. I was going to do five hundred but I think you know she's been going through some hard times and lost her job and I would just wanna make sure that she's got a little cushion before you know, some other bills are due. So, I think I'm gonna go ahead and do a thousand from my checking, please.
How sweet of you! What a wonderful thing to experience, you know? It's been such tough times on everyone and it's so nice to witness that just generosity is still something that happens. I think that's very sweet of you.
Oh, well, thank you. You know, we all, we gotta look out for each other. It's, it's very clear you know, the government's not going to, so we gotta. we gotta take care of each other, you know?
You got that right.
That's right. All right. And I do have to ask you if this is a domestic transfer or international?
it is a domestic transfer.
OK. And can I please have your friend's first and last name and also her deposit routing number?
Oh sure, yeah. Her first name is Cindy and last name is Brown.
OK.
And
her routing number is zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
Thank you. And can I have Cindy's account number?
absolutely, yeah. Her account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
All right, thank you so much. And we're transferring one thousand even into Cindy's account, correct?
Yes.
Yes please.
OK, bear with me just a few moments while I complete this transaction.
Sure.
OK Miss Johns, I have completed that transaction for you. The the transfer is complete. I did send you a confirmation to the email that we have on file. If you don't mind checking that in about thirty seconds just to make sure that it did come through.
Oh sure, yeah. Let me let me go out here and get to my email. One second.
OK. yes, I did get the email.
Awesome. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.
Oh, you're very welcome. It's my pleasure, and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day, Miss Johns.
Thanks, and you too.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Tony. How may I be of service?
Hi, Tony. My name is Martin Lauren. And I would like to open an account with Intellibank.
Thank you, Mr. Martin. Thank you for choosing Intellibank. We really do appreciate it. what type of account would you like to open, a checking or a savings account?
I'd like to open both, Tony.
OK, sir. what state are you calling from?
I'm calling from California.
OK, Mr. Martin, to open an account with Intellibank, would require some documentation. To open an account would need a valid ID card, would need a passport's photograph, would need your utility bill. I would need your social security number.
Very well then, Tony. I have all those. So how do I proceed? How do I send you the document to open my checking and savings account?
OK, Mr. Martin, for the checking, I would send you the form for the checking and savings account. So for the checking, you would need two reference. after filling the form. For the checking, the checking account, it has costs. It's it's an account that can do high volume. It's an account for basically for people doing high volume of transactions. And for the saving, there is an interest rate on the savings whereby the bank will pay you interest for saving with us . So for the savings, you don't require a reference. Once you provide all the details of we require, that is the utility bill, your valid ID, your passport photograph, and your social security number, we would go ahead and open the savings account for you. I'm gonna request for your email now so that we can forward the documents for you to fill and send it back to us. Is that fine by you?
Very well, Tony. That is fine. Or could you possibly mail the document to me so I can fill it physically and send it back to your office?
OK, Mr. Tony. I'm sorry. Mr. Martin? OK, Mr. Martin. I I'm going to need your address for that. OK? So before I end this call, I'll get your address. And we'll mail it to you. Is that fine?
Yes, Tony. That is fine. What other products do you have at Intellibank, Tony?
OK, Mr. Martin, so we offer auto loans. We also have credit cards. We we have traveler's card. We have platinum card. We have gold card. We have silver card. We have cash back credit cards too that we offer to our customers. Intellibank's a very amazing bank. Once you bank with us, we'll give you all the attention you require. We'll give you all the support you require. We'll give you all the the good offers, all the good offerings in the financial world. Thank you for choosing Intellibank, Mr. Martin.
Thank you, Tony.
OK, Mr. Martin, will that be all I can help you with? Is there any other thing you require from Intellibank?
That'll be all for now, Tony. I just wanted to open an account and start a business relationship with Intellibank, Tony.
OK, Mr. Martin. And also, we have a mobile app on the Play Store. You could download it from the Play Store. And also, you can open an account from there, if that's OK by you, Mr. Martin.
OK, Tony. That's OK by me. I will download the application but meanwhile, I would like you to mail the the forms to me. Also, I would like you to send it to my email too.
OK, Mr. Martin. OK, can I have your email now, please?
OK, Tony. My email is Martin dot Lauren one nine six at Outlook dot com. Did you get that, Tony?
Yes, Mr. Martin. I got that. You said your email is Martin dot Lauren one nine six at Outlook dot com.
Yes, Tony. And that'll be all.
OK, Mr. Martin. Thank you for choosing Intellibank. Do have a wonderful day, sir.
Thank you, Tony. You too. Bye.
All right. Bye, Mr. Mr. Martin.
Good morning, it's a great day at Intellibank. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
yes good morning, my name is John Meadows and, I'm a customer with several accounts.
OK mister Meadows what can I do for you today?
I'd like to open up a new account I wanna I'm trying to separate some funds and a new checking account
OK, and you say that you currently have an account with us?
Yes, I'm currently a customer.
OK, let's go into your account first, I'll ask you some questions. Can you please spell your last name?
yes it's Meadows M E A D O W S. My E mail is J D Meadows at G mail dot come. My phone number is six O two six eight four three one nine two.
OK mister Meadows, just one moment. What's your date of birth?
My birthday is January fifteenth nineteen sixty-five.
OK, and how about the last four of your social?
Six three five five.
Do you happen to have your debit card with you?
I have my debit card yes I do.
What are the last five digits on that card?
OK, let me a moment let me just go get it, it's in my wallet.
Sure.
OK, here we go the last the last four digits.
last five digits please.
Two one five seven O.
Perfect, OK great and lets see I have one security question for you. What is the name of your first pet?
My beautiful little pet named Cleo, Cleo.
OK, wonderful. I'm in your account now mister Meadows and you said you'd like to open a new checking or savings?
new checking account.
OK.
Could you please before we we do that could could you give me the balance of my current checking account.
Absolutely, hold on a moment OK looks like the balance in your checking account is two thousand five hundred fifty-one dollars and sixty cents.
OK, yeah I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars into the new checking account.
OK, one moment please. so we have several checking accounts available, we have simple checking if you don't need to come into the branch very often, you can do every thing online, that is free. there's no monthly charge on that as long as you have a hundred dollar minimum in there or we have the premium checking account if you prefer the convenience of coming into the branch to do your transactions. Which one would you like?
I'd like the free one.
OK, great.
Yeah, I'm not I I really came I I came in to open up the account initially but you haven't seen me since then.
OK, great. So OK, we've got your new online checking account. How much did you say you wanted to transfer?
five hundred dollars from my current checking account to the new checking account.
OK, great and we'll setting up a new debit card for that account as well. Would you like to select your PIN number now?
could I use the same PIN number?
I. I don't think so I think you have to use a different PIN number.
That I have.
OK
In fact you know what? I'll send you the debit card and then if you call the eight hundred number on the front of the card, you'll be able to set up the PIN number yourself, OK?
Oh, OK.
Yeah, no that that that sounds great.
OK. let me just verify your address so that we know where to that we are sending it to the correct address.
seven five three dogwood and it's road not street, I may have put in street, I always confuse it but it's seven five three dogwood road phoenix Arizona eight five oh oh three.
OK, great. It looks like we have it correct in the system. So we'll get that out to you today, you should have it within five business days.
OK, the so my, that will my new account, it will have five hundred dollars, you gonna be sending me a new debit card I'll set up the card.
Yeah.
and sounds like we've done everything.
OK, great. Well if there's anything else I can help you with.
Nope, that you you've been very helpful. thank you very much.
OK mister Meadows, enjoy the rest of your day.
Yup, bye bye.
Bye.
Hi thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you?
Oh hello, This is Charlene and I was and I was in a bit of a fix because I am a bit far from where I'm used to and I was hoping you could help me locate a nearby branch
Hi, Charlene.
no problem Charlene. let me ask you a couple of questions first first what is your name and date of birth?
My name is Charlene Peterson and my date of birth is twenty-ninth December nineteen ninety.
Thank you for that. Also what is your phone number?
My phone number is five twelve nine nine one five five one nine.
And can I have your email address please?
OK. Char Pete at Yahoo dot com.
All right thank you. And also what is your credit card number?
forty-nine twenty-nine thirty-eight thirteen twenty-seven five five two two two four.
What is your account ID?
let me check it a minute
No problem.
Well let me put on my glasses.
No problem. Take your time.
Oh OK. Let me can you still hear me?
Yes.
OK. My bank account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right thank you for that. So I will also ask since you're trying to find a nearby branch what is your street address?
I'm currently at Brookside Brookside Street.
OK. And the city and state?
I'm in Austin in Texas County.
OK. So you live in Austin, Texas I see. Well good news, we do have a branch in Austin. there are also other alternatives for nearby branches. there is one in let's see Dallas for example. but I'm guessing since you live in Austin, correct?
Yeah. I live in Austin.
OK so the branch in Austin will be your nearest branch then. would you like to have the address for that branch?
Yes. If you could kindly help with it.
No problem. All right. So are you ready to take down the information?
OK. Let me get a pen and a paper first.
OK. I'm ready.
OK. The address is two six four Hi. Highwater Street.
High.
Street.
Austin, Texas.
Mhm.
ZIP code is two zero zero one zero.
I'm sorry. Could you repeat the code again?
Yes. So the ZIP code is two zero zero one zero.
Two zero zero one zero.
Yes. And the opening hours for that branch are eight a.m. to five p.m. on weekdays.
OK.
OK.
So would you also like to have more information about online banking so that you don't have to go to a branch in person?
I would like that but concerning that isn't it I'd rather I in a more secure source before trying to connect to online banking.
So our online banking is very secure . we offer online banking through our website and you could also download our app which is very secure it is always two-factor authentication for your passwords and it is very easy through online banking to connect with a customer service agent . you could also chat with one through the app. And you could do mostly everything that you do at a bank such as depositing checks or making a transfer you know you don't have to go all the way to a physical branch to deposit a check. You can just take a the picture on it with your phone. so if you would like that you you could always download our app for for that easy access.
Oh OK.
Great and did you have any other questions?
No, that was all for today.
All right thank you and have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intelli Bank where we value our customers. This is Brenda how may I help you?
Yes, I need to update my address and find a new bank branch. I've moved.
OK let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
OK do prefer that I call you Jill or miss Baker?
You can call me Jill.
Alright, and can you tell me your account number Jill?
Yes so it's three four six zero two nine nine eight and social my is one seven eight nine zero two six seven nine.
OK thank you for all that information. Can I also get the your date of birth and the city you live in?
yeah, my date of birth is March second of nineteen eighty and I'm in Kansas City.
OK Jill it looks like your account has a security question. Could you also please tell me what city that you were born in?
Yes, so I was born in Taltson.
OK so just so I understand this you've moved and your needing to update your account information. Is that correct?
Yeah, actually and I need to find a bank close to me now.
OK let's update your account first. So what is your new address?
So my new address is two zero nine and it's Harold Avenue in Kansas City.
OK, two zero nine Harold Avenue in Kansas City and what is the ZIP code to your new house?
It's eight two seven nine zero.
OK. and do you have a new phone number you'd like to add to this account?
Yeah you can keep my cell phone number on there but my new home number is seven three six nine zero eight two seven eight six.
OK give me just a moment. Let me get all this updated for you OK. OK. Alright so I have that information updated and now you're wanting to find a branch close to you. Is that correct?
Yes, that's what I would like to do.
OK, so are you looking for a full-service branch or do you prefer extended hours?
what's extended hours?
OK so our branches have normal hours until five p.m. but some of our locations also have virtual teller options. that are available from five p.m. to seven p.m. after normal lobby hours.
I don't I don't think I need longer hours. Just the five p.m. should be fine.
OK let me see what we have that's closest to you. Give me just a moment OK. OK. Alright so I did find a full-service location and it looks like it's just about a mile from you. Do you have a pen and paper with you and I'll give you that address.
Yeah, I do. You can go ahead.
OK so it looks like that address from the one that's about a mile from you. It looks like it's two one eight Forester Drive. That's two one eight Forester F O R E S T E R Drive in Kansas City Missouri the ZIP code for that one is two seven three eight nine. are you familiar at all with that area?
Not really. What is it near? Do you know what it's near?
So it looks like it's near the Winter shopping district just off the I ten. Are you familiar at all with that area?
I know where the shopping district is. That's pretty close to me so does that location does it have a drive-through?
Yeah so all of our locations do have a drive-through. let me check real quick on here. Yeah, so it looks like that location has three drive-throughs. Three regular drive-throughs and then they also have to that are hooked up for the virtual teller option. So from that five p.m. to seven p.m. time frame time frame with the virtual teller this one does have that option available for you. I know you said you didn't need that but this one does have that.
OK, could you also give me a phone number for them too?
Yeah, let me look that up for you too? OK so it looks like the direct number for them is gonna be eight one nine nine zero nine six four seven three. That's eight one nine nine zero nine six four seven three or you also reach them by just calling our main one eight hundred number. That's one eight eight seven zero eight one six seven seven. So that's one eight eight seven zero eight one six seven seven and then whenever they ask you to you get the prompt where they ask you to choose your location your gonna choose branch number twenty-six. So you'll just type that two six into your keypad and then it should direct you to that specific branch.
OK so is everything updated on my account now and did you make this one location my home location?
so I have updated your address and your phone number on the account but I have not updated your bank your home bank location yet. So would you like me to add this as your home bank location the the address we just discussed in Forester?
Yes please if you can do that I'd appreciate it.
OK give me just a second. Let me get that updated for you. OK. So we're gonna mark that as your new home branch so you should start receiving correspondence from that one just just updates via email and sometimes you'll get some paper mail from them too. So I have everything changed over for you. Was there anything else I can do to help you today Jill?
No, I don't think so. I think that's everything.
Alright, Jill well thank you for choosing Intelli Bank. You have a great day OK.
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. My name is Steven. who am I speaking with today?
This is Dan Thomas T H O M A S.
Good morning, Mr. Thomas. And how can I help you?
I I need to check my account balance of my checking account, please.
Absolutely. I I can definitely help you with that. Can I have your date of birth, please?
May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you. And the last four of your social security number?
Eight zero one one.
Thank you. And then as a added level of security today, if you could just verify your identity by answering the following question. what is the name of your first grade teacher? Or what was the name of your first grade teacher? Sorry.
I don't remember.
All right, sir.
I. I can't.
I can't think of it.
OK. would you like to attempt? Do you think you might be able to think of it?
I can try Green G R E E N. Is that is?
no, sir. unfortunately that's not it. let me see if you have a a backup method for verifying your identity. no. It does appear this is the only security question associated with your account. unfortunately sir, without being able to verify that, just for your security, I'm not going to be able to access your account.
OK. do you have another method that I can access my account or maybe reset my security question? what what do I need to do?
yes. if you have online banking set up, you can log in to that and it will give you the options to reset your security questions . Do you have online banking set up with us?
I do not.
All right. well unfortunately, I can't set you up without being able to verify that security question. so you will need to visit one of our branches near you in person so they can verify your identity and they can get that security question updated for you and then they can also get you set up for online banking there if you'd like to do that at the same time.
OK. could you direct me to the closest branch near my address?
Absolutely, sir. can I have your address please?
It is seventy-six Sunbeam Drive Canyon Country, California nine one three eight seven.
All right. And that's seventy-six Sunbeam Drive Canyon Country, California nine one three eight seven, correct?
That is correct.
All right. Let me just pull that up here and see what the nearest branch is to you. All right. It looks like we do have a branch about ten miles from that location. would you like the address for that branch?
yes, please.
All right. That's gonna be one five five Magnolia Avenue and that's also in Canyon Country.
OK. That sounds great. can you tell me what the hours of the branch is and what days they are open?
Absolutely. that branch is going to be open from eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then they are also open on Saturdays from nine a.m. to two p.m..
OK. Yeah. Sounds good.
All right.
And when you go to get that taken care of, just bring your ID with you and social security card in case they need a second form but I believe they can do it just with your a picture ID.
OK.
All right, sir. Well I apologize for not being able to help you today but is there anything else I can try and assist you with?
I can't think of anything.
All right, sir. Well if you'll just hang on the line for me, there is going to be a brief survey you fill out to let us know how we did today and how we can better assist you with your banking needs in the future.
OK.
All right. And if there's nothing else then you have a wonderful day.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Janine. How may I assist you today?
Oh, hi Janine. This is Sandra Murphy. I got a letter in the mail not too long ago from your Intel bank there and I'm not quite clear if it's in reference to a problem that I'm having with an account or you're offering a new service but I want to talk to you anyways because the holidays are coming up and I wanted to see about maybe opening another account of some type. I thought maybe you could help me with that.
OK, sure, Mrs. Murphy. I'd be happy to assist you today. just let me get a couple of pieces of your personal information to verify you over the phone and then we'll get started.
OK.
Again this is Intellibank not Intel bank so I just want to make sure you are calling the right place.
Oh.
OK.
Oh, yes. OK. I'm sorry. Intellibank. OK.
OK, so your full name again, please.
Sandra Murphy.
OK, thank you, Sandra, and what is your date of birth?
March twenty-fifth nineteen fifty-nine.
Thank you. And can you verify your mother's maiden name, please?
Yes, it was Brown.
Brown, thank you, and the last four digits of your social.
Nine eight five two.
Great. Thank you for that, Mrs Murphy. I will get back to that letter in just a moment here. Now it looks like you have a couple of different accounts. Which one are which one do we need to look at specifically? Do you happen to have that account number handy?
Oh, I gotta run upstairs and get that. Can you hold on a moment?
Sure thing.
OK.
Gee, I'm having a little trouble finding it. Let's see Oh, OK. Yeah, yeah. I think.
OK.
I've got it here.
OK.
OK, I've got I've got the number. Are you ready?
I'm ready. Yep.
OK, it's two three one dash four four seven dash eight nine seven nine.
OK, perfect. Yup. That looks like your checking account number. Would you like to know your balance?
Well, sure, as long as I've got you on the line. Are you able to tell me that?
Yeah, no problem.
OK.
looks like it's eight hundred five dollars and forty-two cents.
Oh OK. OK. That's, I believe that's just what I thought it was. Thank you.
Sure. Now, were you calling about that letter? or did you have other specific account-related questions or were you interested in perhaps opening a new account today?
Well, the holidays are coming up and I was thinking to maybe get a separate account going for some gift buying. I've grandchildren now and I could use some you know, some extra little money squirreled away to get them some nice gifts. So do you have anything along those lines that I holiday accounts or whatnot?
Yeah, well we have a couple of different options for saving accounts. So, if this is an account you're looking to just set money aside with. a regular savings that you have access to all the time without penalty and just a hundred dollar minimum Is something that might work for you. Or were you perhaps may be looking to open an account with the grandchildren? With their names on it and have it specifically dedicated to them?
No, I was thinking more just for me for gift buying for them and for other family members too.
OK.
Yeah and do you have different ones that maybe have different yields or, you know, lack of penalties or what not?
sure, definitely. Well, the very basic is our regular savings account like I mentioned with the hundred dollar minimum. I guess it kinda depends on how much you plan on keeping in there. And again how much access you want to be able to have with the account. If this is something you are going to need to make transfers with from your checking and other accounts often. We need it to be flexible so we can't tie it up in a CD or anything like that. but we do have some accounts that earn a little higher interest rather than the regular savings account but they do require a higher minimum balance so how much money were you wanting to set aside in this account?
I can open it with a hundred and fifty and just be able to access it when I need and of course right before you know, right before Christmas I'll probably use most of it. Do I need to keep some in at all times?
you do. If it goes to a zero balance it will automatically close. So, you want to keep some money in there. It does have a hundred dollar minimum like I mentioned So if it dips below that before the statement cycles for the quarter then there is a five-dollar charge. So, you kinda wanna avoid that. we would probably need to go with that regular savings like I mentioned. The next bump up has a five hundred dollar minimum so if you're just starting with, you know, that hundred and fifty dollar amount, that's perfectly fine. But I think the regular savings will be most suitable for what your intentions are.
OK.
OK, perfect. Let's go with that one.
OK, sounds good and will you be the only one on the account?
Yes, I will.
OK, easy enough. And so so you said you have some grandchildren. Are they new? Are they babies or how old are they?
Great.
The youngest one is one and the oldest is ten. There are five of them.
Oh, wow. So you have quite a few so this isn't a totally new thing but congratulations that sounds like a nice family.
Thank you.
Yes, we're very happy.
Great. Well, I just need to do a few more things on my end. I think I got your starting account amount you wanted. This will be all tied online so you can see this along with your checking and other accounts in your online profile very easily. I'm just going to mail out some paperwork for you to sign and return back to us in a prepaid envelope at your earliest convenience. We will need it back within sixty days of today. And that should take care of everything. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been quite helpful and I appreciate it. I'll look for that letter in the mail.
Great. Thank you, Mrs Murphy, have a wonderful day and a early Merry Christmas.
Oh, thank you. You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes hi. I'm at Bookstore and the machine here isn't working. So they're only taking cash.
All right sir so you were using your debit card and you don't have cash on hand?
no I don't.
All right sir. I can give you a few locations nearby that address possibly so that you can debit cash and use that instead.
OK. OK. Thank you.
All right sir. can I have your full first and last name please?
Yes my name is Dale Walker.
Is that D A L E?
Yes.
All right Mr Walker. Could I get the location in question? The address with full city street and ZIP code.
yes. Hold on for a minute. Let me go ask real quick.
All right sir.
All right. Hold on. Just a minute. . OK. I got it. the address is ninety-eight thirty-one East Thatcher Drive. Chicago Illinois. Six oh six oh six.
All right sir. You said that is ninety-eight thirty-one East Thatcher Drive?
Yes.
Yes.
All right sir. In Chicago?
Yes.
And that ZIP code was six zero six sero six?
Yes.
OK sir. Give me just one moment while I look up ATMs around that location.
OK.
All right Mr Walker. Looks like we have several locations nearby. We only have one within walking distance if you wanted that one. We also have at least three more that are within driving distance of less than a mile away from there.
OK I will take those.
OK sir. the first one is at ninety-nine oh five Apollo Street.
Five oh five. That's Apollo. Can you can you spell that please?
Yes sir. A P O L L O. Yes sir and that one is a twenty-four hour ATM located outside. so you should be able to access that one by walking. Because I looks like it might be just across the street from there.
All right.
OK that sounds great.
OK sir and if it's twenty-four hour but in case you have any issues with that one, we have three more that are within a mile away.
OK can I have those as well?
Yes sir. The first one is located at nine Lakewood Road.
OK Lakewood Road.
Yes sir. That is located with inside a branch lobby. and it looks like it's after four p.m. so that branch is closed but that lobby is open till ten p.m..
All right.
OK. The lobby is open till ten p.m.?
Yes sir.
Ten p.m.. All right.
The next location is at thirty-three North Cooper Avenue.
All right.
That one is actually a twenty-four hour location. That is a drive-up and a walk-up ATM.
OK. It's a drive-up and a walk-up?
Yes sir.
All right. OK. And they're open twenty-four?
Yes sir. That one is twenty-four hours.
All right.
And this next one is located inside a lobby. It is at eighty-four twenty-four Talbot T A L B O T Street.
OK. I was gone ask to spell that. Thank you.
That one actually it closes that lobby closes at nine p.m..
OK.
it opens at eight a.m..
OK. Eight a.m., close at nine p.m..
Yes sir. We also have two locations that are outside our network. Those are located within walking distance so if you actually wanted to access those I can give you that information as well.
OK.
I have to tell you though sir, those require a fee of five dollars for any type of debits or withdrawals.
OK. That's fine. That's fine.
OK sir. the first one is at four eighty-six Azure Drive. A Z U R E.
OK.
That next one is at nine Juniper Drive.
All right. I got that.
And those two are international ATMs located at those at probably those two gas stations you may be able to see across from you.
All right.
Yeah so those are twenty-four hour ATMs since those both of those gas stations are twenty-four hour locations.
OK. Thank you for that.
OK sir, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No. That's about it. I just want to thank you for your time.
All right. Thank you so much Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon, this is Rose. Welcome to Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I have I need some help. I am actually trying to make a transfer to another account with you guys. it's my mom's account but she has Intellibank as well.
OK. I can certainly help you with that. I just have to get a little information from you so that I can get into your account and hep you with this transfer, OK?
OK, great. Thanks.
You are very welcome. All right, I'll need your first and last name. Well, I know your first name is Kim but your last name and date of birth.
yes, it's Kim. And then the last name is Johns. That's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much, Ms. Johns. And I need to ask you your security question. what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Murphy.
All right. Oh, and I'm sorry, I meant to ask you this first. I will need your phone number as well, please.
sure. It's seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five. And my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com, in case you need that as well.
Yes, ma'am. Thank you so much. And I would need your account number that you would like to make the transfer from.
OK, let's see here.
Bear with me for one moment.
Sure, take your time.
OK. OK, my account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine zero. Oh, I'm sorry. it's. The last four digits are zero five nine five. I think I said zero five nine zero.
Oh.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
It's OK. No worries. Thank you so much for fixing that. OK. And I'd like to know the dollar amount that you'd like to transfer.
Sure.
I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars even, please.
OK. And is this a domestic or international transfer?
this will be a domestic transfer.
OK. And I will need the deposit routing number, please.
Sure, that is zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
Thank you. And the deposit bank account number.
That is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
All right, thank you so much. And bear with me while I initiate the transaction And, the name of the person who is receiving this.
Sure.
that would be my mom, Sandy Murphy.
OK. Thank you so much. OK, now bear with me just a moment.
Oh, sure, no problem.
OK, Ms. Johns. I just wanted to confirm that I am sending five hundred dollars even with no change to Sandy Murphy.
Yes, that's correct.
OK. And I wanted to advise you of your current account balance after the transfer is fifteen hundred dollars and eleven cents.
Oh, OK, great. Thank you so much.
Yes, ma'am. the transaction is taking place right and I'm also going to send you a confirmation email of this transaction. And, let's see here.
OK, let me go sign into my email. I'd like to get that before I let you go, if that's OK.
Yes, ma'am. It has been initiated, so you should have that email in about thirty seconds.
I see. Try to refresh. I don't see it yet.
Sure, no worries. Sometimes it takes a little longer than the thirty seconds.
It must be taking the scenic route.
I think so. It's fall after all.
It's out checking out the trees.
Yeah.
Oh, OK, I see it. I just got it through now.
OK, awesome. So, I did want to ask you, would you like any further information about online banking in order to transfer funds in a much more convenient way in the future?
no, that's OK. I didn't realize I could do that online, but I probably can figure it out.
You certainly can.
Yeah, next time I need to do this I'll go ahead and check online. I was actually running around making dinner so I figured I'd do it while I was on the phone with you.
no worries. I mean, we're here nine to five five days a week. And then on the weekend, on Saturday, we're here from nine a.m. to twelve p.m.. You can call us any time. I just know that some some people like the convenience of just being able to do everything themselves online. So I wanted to make sure that you knew that you had that option.
Oh, OK, great. Thank you so much, I appreciate all that information.
You're welcome.
You.
Are very welcome Ms. Johns. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
nope, that's everything. Thanks again and you have a great night.
Aww thank you so much, Ms. Johns. And as part of the Intelli family we would like to thank you for your business and your loyalty and I hope you also have a wonderful evening as well.
Thank you, you too.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cindy. How may I help you today?
Hello, Cindy. How are you today?
I am doing great, sir. And yourself?
I'm OK. It's a bit rainy over here.
Not where I am. It's a bit sunny.
Oh, that's nice.
How can I help you today, sir?
I need help finding an ATM near me.
I sure can help you with that. But before I can continue, may I please have your name, street address, the city and the state where you're located.
Steven M. Howard, thirteen seventy-four Jarvis Street in Buffalo, New York. My phone number is seven one six four seven two one seven seven one. Steven H M at dot com is my email address.
Thank you, sir. I appreciate you providing that information. Now, if you'll allow me a moment to look at an ATM near you. Just bear with me a moment here. OK, and you say that your address was one three seven four Jarvis Street in Buffalo, New York.
Correct.
OK. I think I found a branch with ATM services. So you can actually come in to the branch as well and speak to one of the bank tellers. And do you have a piece of paper and pen there handy to to write down the address?
Yes, I do.
OK. The address is one zero zero zero Jarvis Street. And that's, of course, in Buffalo, New York. And if you give me a quick second I. I think I also found a a standalone ATM a few blocks east. and this is at eight seven five Jarvis Street.
Hmm. That seems to be very close to me. I think I passed by it the other day. But I wasn't sure, and I was too lazy to get out of the car.
Totally understand, sir. That happens to me all the time. No worries.
Thank you.
Can you give me a checking. My checking account balance also?
Of course. Of course I can help you with that. What what is your account number? And please, before I can give you your balance, can you confirm the last four digits of your social security number?
The last four digits is eight five eight seven of my social security number. My account number is zero two three two one four seven eight five four.
Thank you so much for verifying that information. And just to make sure that I have it correctly, your checking account number is zero two three two one four seven eight five four. And you mentioned the last four digit of your social security number is eight five eight seven?
Yes.
Thank you so very much. Just bear with me a moment as my system populates that information, sir. OK, the balance in your checking account is a thousand four hundred. And you have an ATM withdrawal limit of five hundred dollars a day or a thousand dollars a day if you come down to the branch and withdraw directly with a bank teller. Now, if want to have that ATM withdrawal limit increased, I welcome you to come into the branch and just speak to one of the associates. And they'll be able to help you with that as well.
Thank you. And if I go to your website, can I get a list of ATM and branches, stuff like that?
Of course. Yes, you can. Let me give your our website. Our Our website is WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And when you visit the website, on the left top corner of the home page, you're gonna have a a locator button for your ATM and branch that you just click on that. You enter your address, and it will give you a list of all the ATMs and branch that are near you.
Thank you so much, Cindy. You was very helpful today.
You're very welcome, Mr. Howard. And is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No. I think that's all, Cindy. Have a wonderful day.
You too, sir. And thank you so very much for calling Intellibank. Have a a wonderful day. Bye, bye now.
Bye, Cindy.
Hello, this is Michelle from Intellibank, how are you doing today?
I'm doing OK, how are you?
Yeah, I'm good too, thanks for asking. How can how can I help you today?
I was like open a new account and update my street my street address.
OK. All right. So you want to open up a new account as well. Thank you so much. Before we proceed further, I would like to verify your account. May I have your first name and last name, please?
my name is Abby Jones.
Can you please spell it for me?
A B B Y J O N E S.
OK. Your first name is Abby and your last name is Jones?
Yes.
So may I have your date of birth, please?
My birthday is May third two thousand.
May third two thousand. Well, I need to verify your ID before we proceed for the. May I have your bank account number?
I don't have that at the moment but I can give you my credit card if that works.
OK, you have your credit card number right now?
Yes.
All right. So can you please provide me the number?
It's three three six four nine one two seven four six five one three two one two.
OK. So your credit card number is three three six four nine one two seven four six five five three two one two. Is that correct?
no, it is three three six four nine one two seven four six five one three two one two.
OK. I repeat once again. It is three three six four nine one two seven four six five one three two one two. Is that correct?
Yes, that's correct.
All right.
Thank you so much. So for security reasons, I would like to verify your Identity. So may I have your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Casper.
OK. Can you please spell it for me?
C A S P E R.
All right, thank you so much. So what is your account number or credit card number?
my credit card number is three three six four nine one two seven four six five one three two one two.
All right. So it is three three six four nine one two seven four six five one three two one two. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
All right. Thank you for providing the information. Which type of information you want to update, like your address, your phone number, or your email ID?
OK, my street address.
OK, you want to update your street address. All right, no problems. We can do that for you. Give me a moment. What is your street address?
My new street address is five seven six Mainstreet.
OK. So your street address is five seven six Main Street. Main Street. So is it located in Joliet or is it located in Plainfield?
It's in Plainfield.
OK. It's in Plainfield. May I have the ZIP code, please?
The ZIP code is six oh five and six.
OK. It is six oh five eight six. All right, give me a moment. I'm going to update your personal information.
OK. Thank you.
Well, your personal information has been updated now. Do you want to know about online banking? It is very convenient way to do your transactions.
no, thank you.
All right, no problems. Is there anything else I can do for you?
yes, please.
Yeah. what can I do for you?
could you.
Oh Yeah! You said that you want me to open up a new account, right?
Oh yes! Thank you.
All right, no problems with that, we'll do that right away. Nice to know that you want to open up a new account with us. So that means, you're a happy customer.
Yeah, everything has been going really well.
All right. Good to hear that. Well, before we proceed further, I would like to verify your account once more. May I have your first name and last name, please?
Abby Jones.
OK. So it is Abby Jones. So may I have your date of birth, please?
May third, two thousand.
OK. What is your social security number?
the last. Did you say the last four digits?
Yeah, I would want. No, at present, we want the phone social security number or
OK.
No. You can provide. You already have that confidence. You can provide the last four digits. That will be fine.
All right. It is seven three two four.
All right. Thank you so much. What type of account you want to open, is it going to be a checking account or the savings account?
It'll be the savings account.
OK. Perfect.
Now please choose the security question which will help us identify you when you call us. So choose from the options such as, what is your mother's maiden name or what is your first pet's name or what Street did you grow up? So which one do you want?
I'll do what was the name of my first pet.
what was the first name of the of your pet, right. So what do you want me to write down as an answer?
a goldfish named Bubbles.
OK. So it's going to be goldfish named Bubbles, right?
Yep.
All right. So there are mainly two types of account you can choose from, checkings account, savings account, business account. So you are opting to open up an account as your savings account, right?
Yes.
All right. So just for your information, I would like to inform you that you will get three percent per annum if you open up a savings account, right?
OK.
Sometimes. I would like to even inform you that sometimes if your account goes in minus and there is a transaction, then you will be charged thirty-five dollars as an overdraft fees. We wanted to inform you much earlier.
OK, thank you.
Well, just give me a moment. I'm going to feed all the information so that we can open up your account right away.
In the meantime, can. Do you want to know about online banking? It is a very convenient way to do all the transactions.
no, thank you.
All right, no problems. So I'm just filling up the information, just bear with me.
Yeah. Congratulations, your account has been opened. So we are going to send several documents on in your mail. You will receive all the documents within five business days . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that is all.
All right, no problems. And again, this is Michelle. Thank you for calling Intellibank, have a nice weekend.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. I got a statement in the mail today and there's a transaction I just don't recognize.
All right, sir. So you got a statement from us and you don't recognize the transaction. Did you wanna dispute that transaction today?
yes. Yes, please.
OK, sir.
Before I can complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information.
OK.
All right, sir. Firstly, can I have your first, last name and full date of birth?
Yes. My first name Dale. Last name Walker.
My date of birth is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
All right. So your name is Dale Walker. Mr. Walker, your date of birth is listed as ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
OK, sir. For authentication purposes, could I have your driver's license, please?
Yes. My driver license is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right. Again, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes.
OK. That's exactly what we have on file heal hear. Sorry.
And for account security purposes, could I have your mother's maiden name, please?
Yes. My mother's maiden name is Wilson.
All right.
Sir, thank you for verifying all that information. I want to make sure that I verify this last detail with you.
Could you verify that verify that your email address is still Dale C Walker at Dayrep dot com.
Yes. That's it, ma'am.
All right
Sir. Thank you so much So you needed to dispute this transaction, I believe. I need a little information about that transaction first, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Could you give me the dollar amount of the transaction?
it's four hundred and seventy-five dollars.
Four seventy-five?
Yes.
Could you give me the date of that transaction, please?
Yes. It was on the. It was on the ninth of the twenty-third.
OK so that's nine twenty-three. Will that be last month?
Yes.
Yes. It's last month, ma'am.
OK.
Sir, thank you. And what reason do you have to dispute this transaction?
OK so I just don't recognize the r~. No, I just don't recognize it.
OK, sir. So this transaction on nine twenty-three, that amount, for four seventy-five was at Burger Barn.
Yes. Yes.
Oh, that's
A lot to be at a Burger Place. Perhaps, someone had a birthday party.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess someone really had fun spending my money.
I guess they did.
OK so you don't recognize that location.
No, I don't.
OK. You have anyone that has access to this account could've made that transaction?
No, no. Not that I know of.
OK.
And does that look like a membership or a subscription of any kind?
No.
OK. Did you happen to contact the business to check on that transaction?
no. I haven't.
OK, sir.
It looks like I have all the necessary information to go ahead and process that fraud investigation on your part, sir.
OK.
Oh, can I ask you something? will I have to pay for this and and how long will it take to dispute this?
Yes, sir.
OK, sir. I've since I have already escalated this transaction to be investigated by our fraud department, it can take anywhere from one to ten business days to complete that investigation and once that transaction's investigate investigated, we will notify you in writing of the results via mail. In the meantime, we have put your your account and that transaction on hold with that amount, we usually lock the card in order to process the investigation and prevent further fraudulent activity.
OK. OK.
And once that done. We will also send a notification to the charging party and we're gonna let them know that that transaction's not gonna be paid through your account until this till this investigation has been processed and verified that it's actually you who did it.
OK.
OK. so how the day been going for you? My day been a doozy so far.
Oh, I see it. Yeah, sir. I'm I sure hate that you found this transaction on your account. My day's been pretty good just pretty slow here.
Well, it's good to good to hear someone had a good day.
Aww. Well, sir. I hope your day turns out better after we get through this process.
Hopefully.
Oh also I have a confirmation number for you, this transaction. That's in case you have any further questions, you can contact us.
OK.
I'm ready.
All right. That transaction confirmation number is three oh five.
Three oh five.
One five three.
Five three.
Nine nine four.
Nine nine four.
Seven seven four.
Seven seven four. All right. I got it.
All right, sir.
Is there anything else I could do for you today, Mr. Walker?
no. That's it.
All right. Thank you so much for giving us a call today. again my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Heather. How may I help you?
Hello, I'm trying to see why there are some charges on my account that I know nothing about. I'm trying to understand what that's for and if you can help me with any information that'll be great. I believe that they are on my travel credit card.
OK of course I will be able to help you. And I do believe that you are speaking of your traveler's credit card? Is that correct?
Yes my traveler's card. Yes I thought I lost that. I lost my card but I found it. But there are charges that I do not recognize. Also can I have my last two transactions?
OK so first, I can share your last two transactions then we can process the dispute. Can I have your first and last name please, and your date of birth?
OK my first name is Steven. My last name is Jones. My date of birth is November twenty-third nineteen eighty-two.
OK thank you Mr. Jones. And for your security question, what was the name of your first pet?
Old Lester.
Old Lester. OK thank you. So you stated that you would like to know your last two transactions correct?
Yes that is correct.
OK. Let me take a look here. And last can I have your account number?
Yes three four five seven eight nine two.
OK perfect. Let me pull up your account. OK I do see that the last two transactions were from Home Depot for thirty-three dollars. And also I see a charge here from the Pizza Hut for twenty-five dollars. are there any other transactions that you would like for me to check?
Yes what transactions are before that? There were three transactions I did not authorize. I think it was from an online store. Do you see it? All Town Watches in the amount of three hundred and seventy-three dollars?
yes I do see that transaction. So what we can do is start a dispute on these charges. so, what our dispute is we will start an investigation which will take about five to seven business days. And we'll look at the charges to see if they were authorized or not on your behalf. after the conclusion we will contact you to see of those charges will be placed back on your account.
OK I would like to dispute those last three transactions. I was checking my card and I see a transaction that I did not approve. My account balance does not sound right either.
OK. And can I have the credit card number connected to the transaction you are disputing?
Yes four two three four five four nine three five four nine three four five oh nine.
OK. can you repeat that for me one more time, I'm sorry.
Four two three four five zero nine three four five nine three four five oh nine.
OK perfect. And what about your account? Can I have the account number for the charges?
Four nine three two four four four.
OK perfect. I do see your account here. What about the dollar amount of the transaction in question?
Well, one was two hundred and thirty dollars. The second was a hundred and twenty-one dollars and the third one was three hundred and seventy-three dollars.
OK and the dates these occurred?
They were all at the beginning of the month. Around October second.
OK and last, what is the reason for the dispute?
I didn't authorize these transactions. I do not know how they got on my account. I did lose my card for a few hours and when I checked my account I see that there were these charges that I did not recognize and now I'm missing money. Would you be able to get my money back?
Let's see. Well at the end of the investigation we will decide if the charges were unauthorized. If so, a refund will be given for those amounts. has anyone else had access to your account?
Well it well I did lose my card for a couple of hours so there may have been someone else who used my card. I'm not sure.
OK. And I do see one of the businesses is Burger King. Do you recognize this business?
No I don't.
OK and does the transaction have a membership fee?
No it's during normal charge.
All right so when we do the transaction investigation it will take about five to seven business days. During that time we'll lock the card for any further further fraudulent transactions.
OK thank you.
All right is there anything else that I can do for you?
No that's it. Have a nice day.
All right thank you for calling Intellibank. Again, my name is Heather. Have a nice day.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm pretty good. How are you?
I'm doing great. I was outside enjoying some of this beautiful fall weather. I don't know if you've ever been to Pennslyvania when it's fall outside but the leaves turning are absolutely beautiful.
I have not. However, I live at the beach and it is wonderful to finally have some cooler weather. We don't really have leaves that turn so much I guess if you go out to the country, you know a little further away from the beach, you can see that kind of stuff but not really at the beach.
Right right yeah, it's beautiful at the beach too. I love going down there during the winter when it's freezing up here. that's where I I tend to want to be is down at the beach.
oh yeah yeah I definitely love living here. It's wonderful.
well Rose, I'm calling today because I'm trying to close my savings account and transfer the balance into my checking account.
OK I can certainly take care of that for you. I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your account I know you said your name is Kim and is that Kimberly or just Kim?
just Kim
OK and what is your last name Kim?
It's Johns. That J O H N S.
Alright and your date of birth?
It's April twenty fourth nineteen seventy seven.
OK thank you so much and I have to ask you your security question. What street did you grow up on ?
sure, it's Broadway.
And the account number that you would like to close?
yes my savings account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
OK and the reason for closure?
the reason I'm closing is because of my the the fees that you have when you go below the the maximum or the minimum account balance, excuse me. I keep going below it and then getting charged so until I can maintain my account balance on a steady basis, on a regular basis, I'm just gonna close my savings and keep the checking for now.
OK, awesome. So let's see here. What account do you need to deposit the rest of the funds that are in the account I'm closing?
that's my checking account and that number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK thank you so much and looks like you have fifty-two dollars and eleven cents in this account that I'm closing and I'll go ahead and transfer that over to your checking now. Bear with me just a few moments.
OK.
Sure. Absolutely.
All right so I've got that taken care of for you now Ms. Johns and I'm sending out an email to confirm that I have made that transaction. Would you like to know the balance of your checking account now?
Yes, please.
OK, that would be three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty two cents.
Oh OK perfect. I was wondering also if you could help me find a branch near me that's open. I I am having some problems accessing that information on my phone.
certainly. Are you at home or?
Yeah I'm near my home address it's forty nine Holland Drive and that's Philadelphia Pennsylvania one nine one zero one.
All right, bear with me just a moment while I look that up for you.
Sure thanks so much for your help.
OK I found one that's getting ready to close in like thirty, a little bit less than thirty, twenty five minutes. So if you run out there pretty soon you might catch it. that is at two Rector street.
OK.
Rector street OK.
All right, and did you need any other locations just in case you miss that one?
no this'll be good I know exactly where this is so I'm gonna head there right now. Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
You are very welcome Ms. Johns and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
No thanks again and have a nice night.
Thank you so much. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yes I need to withdrawal some money from my account, and I didn't know the best way to do that.
OK let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
All right, you said Jill Baker, is that correct?
Yes that's right.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
Jill is fine.
OK Jill. So are you wanting to make a withdrawal from account, that is correct? So is that a checking, savings, or credit account you're wanting to withdrawal from?
It's a checking.
And are you just wanting to make a cash withdrawal today?
Yes. I'm on my moms account. I just need to get some cash out. just don't really know how to do that.
All right. Do you have access to an Intellibank branch or to an Intellibank ATM by any chance?
So I'm not sure. Can you. Can you tell me where I can find one of those?
Yeah Jill. So are you calling from your home today?
No. I'm at the Johnson Memorial Hospital today with my mother, she had surgery.
OK. Well I'm sorry about that, I hope everything went well.
She's doing well, thank you for asking.
OK. Jill do you happen to know what the address is to the hospital there?
I don't. Can you hold on one second and we'll ask the nurse. Hold on just a second for me, OK? excuse me, ma'am. Excuse me, ma'am?
Yes, can you tell me what the address is here? All right.
OK, thank you so much. OK so she said the address is fifty-eight hundred Med Star Way it's Med Star as in medicine star.
And it's Kansas City.
OK you said five eight zero zero Med Star Way, correct?
Yes, that's what she said.
All right. Let me look for you here and see what I can find, OK?
All right. Thank you. Are you having a good day?
I am so far. I'm I I'm actually having a great day. I know you said your mother just had surgery so how is your day going?
Oh it's going well. It was a minor surgery. she just has to stay overnight. But it's very minor, she'll be fine. I'm gonna stay with her though so she's not alone. But other than that it's been a pretty quiet day.
Well I do hope that she recovers soon. I'm gonna try to get this. Get ya to an ATM so that we can get that part resolved for you too and maybe make your day a little bit better I have found a couple of ATM options for you and it actually looks like one of those might even be in the hospital that you're in. are you just needing to make a cash withdrawal? Is Would an ATM work for you if that's all you're needing to do today?
Yeah that'd be fine. Does it. Does it charge or anything to make an ATM withdrawal?
No. There's no charge to use an ATM belonging to Intellibank if you're a customer. You. You're an Intellibank customer correct?
Yes that's correct. We have an account.
OK and can you yeah. OK. So I do have that address for ya.
OK, you can tell me where it's at in the hospital then.
Yeah that's right. Yeah I can. So it looks like the ATM is located in the hospital cafe. That's on the main lobby of the hospital, the first floor. Are you familiar with that area?
Yeah I know exactly where that is. I mean that's the way you come in everyday. When you come into the hospital.
OK. well I got that address for you. Is there anything else that I could help you with today?
So I don't mean to sound like an idiot but but what do I do? Do I just take the card and use it? Or do I have to have like a code or whatever to put in it?
Yeah, so you should have a PIN number that's associated with your debit card. It would have been the. A PIN number that was issued to you at the time that the card was issued. Do you remember what that PIN number was?
I think so. Is that like the number that's on my account? Is that the number that you guys ask us sometimes whenever I confirm my account when I call you guys?
No. So actually I think what you might be referring to when you call us is a security measure that we have, and it's a passcode. It's a four digit passcode. your PIN number is a little bit different. It is also a four digit but it comes. when the card is issued to you that's something that is created at the time that card was issued to you. So the PIN number isn't specific to your ATM transactions whereas the passcode is specific to your your entire banking account information. It's what keeps that privacy for you. do you recall what that PIN number was?
Oh my goodness. I don't. I don't know. I think so. I have a couple different options that we use regularly I guess I could try. Will it kick me out of it if I try the PIN number too many times wrong?
Yeah. so once you insert your card into the machine, it should ask you for that PIN number it will refer to it as a PIN number and not an account code, I just want you to know that just so you know what you're looking for. It will I believe only let you attempt the PIN number five times. So you'll have to get that PIN number correct within that five time range and if not it will it will actually kick your card back out and not allow you to make any transactions today unfortunately I can't help you to locate that PIN number because it is specific to each customer and it's a private I mean it's something that's private between you and that and and the card. So it doesn't it doesn't allow us here at the bank to see that PIN number for you. As a privacy feature. but what I can do, I mean it's not gonna help you today for this transaction but if you are unable to find that PIN number what we can do is we can cancel that card and try to set you up with a new one and get that sent out to you. It's not gonna help you get that cash you want today. But hopefully when you go down there that PIN number will come back to you and you'll be able to remember that, OK?
OK. I think I know what it is. I mean it sounds easy enough. but I won't exceed that five times. But I think I know what it is.
OK Jill. I hope that you do know what it is. If there's anything else that I could help you with today please just let me know. OK?
No I don't think so, I think that's all.
All right Jill. Well I hope that your mom gets better. Good luck with getting that PIN number and thank you for choosing Intellibank OK?
Right, thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yeah, so I'll need to get some money sent to my son and I don't know if I need to send him one of those like traveling card things or whatever, but I just need to know what I need to do to get that to him.
OK, let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill.
All right, Jill. So you are wanting to get money to your son. Is that correct?
Yeah, he's on a school trip and I sent cash with him, but apparently he's spent a bunch of money on souvenirs and stuff so he needs some more.
OK, Jill. What is your account number?
It's three four six zero two nine nine eight.
All right, and can you tell me is this a checking or a savings account?
It's my checking account.
OK, and can you also confirm that your mailing address is three zero nine Western Street in Kansas City, Missouri, for me.
Yeah, that's my address.
All right Jill, and can I also get your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
OK, and your account has a security question. So could you please tell me the city you were born in?
It's
OK Jill, let me let me look at your account real quick. Let me get that pulled up for you. So you said that you might be interested. you were asking about our traveler's cards.
Yeah, is that what they're called? yeah, I can get. I can send him something like that. Somehow like a money order. I just need to make sure I can send something to get him some money.
OK. first Jill let me ask you. Does your son have an account with Intellibank?
No, he doesn't have his own account, but he's got that savings account. You know the ones that. It's actually in my name, but he's on it too.
there just isn't any money in that account. It's it's a closed account basically.
OK Jill, so does your son have a debit a debit card for that account by any chance?
I'm pretty sure he does, but like I said there isn't any money in that account. So it's it's kind of useless.
Yeah, I I understand that, Jill. so if he happens to have that card with him on the trip then then I might be able to help you with with something with another method. Do you know does he have that card with him?
I'm sure I'm sure what's in his wallet.
OK Jill. So if he has that card with him, what we can do is we can transfer funds into that savings account and then he can use that card to go to an ATM or take cash our or if he just wants to use that card to shop we can do that too. do you think that would work for you?
Yeah, that'd be great. I didn't realize I could do that. That that would be wonderful.
Yeah, we can do that.
So real quick here. What is your savings account number for him?
It's three eight five seven zero three one.
OK. Three eight five seven zero three one, and how much would you like to transfer to him?
So can I transfer like five hundred dollars to him? And then if I want to transfer more later, can I just call and do it over the phone like I'm doing now?
Yeah. let me transfer it. I can transfer that five hundred dollars for him, and yes, any time you'd like to transfer funds you can contact us and we can do that over the phone for you. real quick here though, this account has a four digit passcode for security purposes. Can you tell me what that four digit passcode is?
Yes, so that's not the ATM code though, right? That's the that's a different passcode?
Yeah, normally the passcode should not be the same as your ATM pin.
OK, I think it's
Two one zero nine.
I think that's right.
Yeah, that is correct.
OK, let me get that money transferred over for you. Give me just a moment to get that processed, OK?
All right. Thank you. Do you have children?
I do.
Have they have they ever traveled without you?
well they're they're actually still toddlers now. So not yet. They have not.
Well when they are older and they do, take a Xanax. It's been so stressful with my son being away. He's he's in New York on a school trip and it's only for a week, but my anxiety is just overwhelming while he's gone.
I I can understand that. I think it's difficult being away from your kids. I'm sorry you're having such a hard time .
I appreciate that. I mean, I'm really proud of him and I'm I'm enjoy. I'm glad he's going and that he's enjoying himself, but sure give my my my anxiety a run for its money.
Well again, I'm very, very sorry to hear that, Jill, and hopefully he'll be home soon and everything'll be back to normal for you. I have got that money transferred for you and it looks like the funds should be available to him now.
Let me see.
So I just need to call him then and he can use that card to get the money you sent?
Yeah. So he should be able to use that card to access the five hundred dollars, whether that's via the ATM or just using his debit card for normal purchases .
The funds are available to him now so he should be able to use those wherever he normally. However he normally shops.
OK, thank you. I'll call him.
All right, Jill. Was there anything else that I could do for you guys today?
No. I mean, that was everything. I really appreciate you finding an easier way for us to do this.
It's no problem, Jill. Thank you for choosing Intellibank and you have a great day, OK?
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. I would like to dispute a transaction please.
All right sir, you want to dispute a transaction on your account with us?
yes.
OK sir, before I complete can complete that request for you, I need to ask you a few questions just so I can verify your account information if you don't mind?
Alright.
All right, sir. Can I get your full name and date of birth please?
Yes, my name is Dale Walker. My date of birth is ten thirty-first, one nine seven four.
OK Mr. Walker, your. You gave me your name is Dale Walker. Date of birth ten thirty-one nineteen seventy four. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, sir. And for authentication purposes, could you give me your drivers license number please?
Yes, my driver license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Alright, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Is that correct? Thank you. OK sir, and for account security purposes could I have the last four digits of your social?
Yes.
yes. My last digits of my social is seven zero three nine.
Alright, I have seven zero three nine here.
Yes.
OK sir. And you wanted to dispute a transaction on your account. Was that a checking or savings?
Checking.
All right, sir. Could you give me that checking account number please?
Yes, the checking account number is five one four eight nine two tw~. Oh, just a minute. That's my savings account number.
All right sir.
Let me give you my checking. Sorry about that.
That's no problem. Go right ahead.
It is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
OK sir, to verify that number was five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
Yes.
OK Mr. Walker. I'm gonna need a little bit more information about that transaction you're wanting to dispute.
OK.
OK. So first of all, could I have the dollar amount of the transaction in question?
yes. Two hundred and forty dollars.
OK, was that two hundred and forty dollars even sir?
Yes ma'am.
Alright, and could you give me the date of the transaction?
yes. It was nine eighteen two thousand twenty-one.
OK, so was it eighteenth of last month sir?
Yes ma'am.
OK, and could you give me the reason you're disputing this transaction?
I was going through my paperwork and I don't recognize any of the transaction that I might have made.
OK sir, so you've gone through the paperwork and you don't see this transaction on file?
right.
OK. So is it possible that anyone else might had have completed this transaction at your home?
no no no. They have their own separate thing.
Alright sir. It says that that your business is a a shoe store right here. do you recognize the store in question or type of store in question?
yes I recognize it, but I have not made any transfer there.
Oh, OK
Sir. That's no problem. So you don't have a membership or subscription with that company at all?
no ma'am.
OK. Thank you so much sir. So did you happen to contact the business?
no, I haven't done that yet.
OK, that's no problem sir. we'll go ahead and contact them on your behalf. All right.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
OK, I can confirm that I have all the necessary information to go ahead and process this dispute for you. Just give me just one moment.
OK.
All right Mr. Walker, I have escalated this transaction and it will be investigated by our fraud department. It can take from one to ten business days to complete the investigation. We will notify you by mail of the result and just keep an eye on your mailbox and make sure you get that in a timely manner just in case you need to do anything or give us any more information about the dispute transaction. OK?
All right.
Sounds good.
In the meantime sir, we're gonna go ahead and put a hold on this transaction so you won't have to pay that out until after the investigation or if we find that you need to pay that out and we've also locked the card because that amount, we wouldn't want you to have any more fraudulent activity while we're investigating it.
Alright.
OK sir. I do have a confirmation number if you wanna take that down?
no I don't need that.
OK sir without the confirmation number you're fine. You can just give us a call back and ask about the dispute you have on file with that.
OK.
OK, sir, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually there is. I need to make a transfer from my savings into my wife's checking account please.
OK sir, I can certainly help you with that. Give me just one moment.
Alright.
Alright sir could I get the phone number you have on file with us?
yes. My phone number is area code eight four seven eight eight seven nine four four four.
Alright sir, thank you so much for that. Now you said you wanted to transfer from your account to your wife's account. Is that a checking or savings account you're transferring from?
transferring from my savings.
OK, from your savings account. Got it. OK sir, could you give me that account number? I know you read it off before but I didn't take that down.
yes, I can. The my checking account number is my savings account number. Sorry about that. It's five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
Savings account number, sir.
Alright sir. To verify, that number was five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero. Was that correct?
Correct.
OK, thank you so much sir. And this is an internal transfer to your wife's account with us?
Yes ma'am, it is.
OK.
Is that a checking or savings account she has with us?
that's a checking.
OK sir, so could you give me the deposit account number please?
yes, deposit count number is it's four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
All right, sir. four nine three zero two eight four nine six one is the account you're wanting to transfer it to?
Yes.
Yes.
OK, give me just one moment while I look at your account information. So your current balance is one thousand three hundred and forty eight dollars in your savings. how much would you wanna transfer into your wife's account?
five hundred.
OK, you need to transfer five hundred into your wife's account?
Yes.
OK, there's no fee for this. This is an internal transaction so.
All right.
Thank you.
OK, give me just one moment while I handle that transfer for you.
OK.
OK Mr. Walker, I've transferred the funds of five hundred dollars into your wife's account for you. The account was four nine three zero two eight four nine six one. That means your balance is nine hundred and fifty-one dollars sir.
All right, sounds good to me.
Oh
OK and soon as that transaction's complete it should be automatically completed in the next few minutes sir.
OK.
Alright. If you have any further questions with us, feel free to call.
All right, thank you.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with today Mr. Walker?
No,
That's it.
OK, thank you so much for giving us a call today. Again, my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
Thank you sir.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jaime. How can I help you?
Hi, Jaime. How you doing? I need to get a new account open. I'm already a customer of your bank. actually stepping into adulthood. Adult world. I got my first apartment and it seems I need to get a checking account set up to pay rent, pay my monthly bills. yeah. So, I I need to get a checking account set up and I have a savings account already.
That is so awesome. I can totally help you with that. OK. So, you have a savings with us. OK. What is your first and last name?
My name is Alex Goldman.
Mhm.
OK. And what's your date of birth?
It's August eighth two thousand.
Mhm.
OK, great. And your social?
OK, social is one six two seven six two oh three.
Mhm.
OK. And your security question, which is, what is the name of your favorite teacher?
Oh, Ms McLachlan.
Nice. OK. So, you want to open up a checking. Which is awesome . Do you want to so, do you want to take money from your savings to open up the checking? So, we can do that right away.
Yes, yes. that's right right now that's that's all I have is just the savings account.
OK. Perfect.
OK, perfect. when you're ready, just give me the savings account number.
OK. so, the account number is, hang on.
OK.
Alright. It's It's oh seven seven five two three six one. Four.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Perfect. OK so, you have you have five thousand dollars in your savings. And just to let you know, opening up a checking doesn't cost anything. There's no fees. There's no monthly maintenance fees. So, what, how much do you want to take from your savings to open up your checking?
Oof. I I guess this is part of the adulthood decisions. I I guess I guess I should probably go with half. So like, twenty-five hundred.
Perfect. OK, and I'm assuming that you're gonna wanna have a credit card, debit card you know, bank card.
Yes. Yes.
Please.
OK so, let me confirm. What is your address? Just need to confirm that.
Do you want my old address, or my new address with my apartment?
I'd like your new address, so then the purpose is so that I can mail you the new card.
OK.
So, whenever you're ready, just give me your updated address.
OK. It is sixty-four A Revere Road. And that's Dexel Hill Pennsylvania one nine oh two six.
Mhm.
OK.
OK.
Mhm.
OK, one nine oh two six. Perfect. OK so, what will happen is I'm gonna have a card sent out to you. It'll take about three to five business days for you to get the card. And it'll have a sticker on it and with a number to prompt you. You know, you'll activate it. You'll, it'll come with a PIN number separately, but you can always change it. You don't have to keep that one. Just know, you can change it to whatever number you want. But, just look for that in the mail.
Now, with that card, would I be able to access both my accounts with that card or just this new checking account.
No.
This will just be for the checking account.
OK.
It won't be for the savings account. We don't usually recommend a card for the savings account because it is a savings account. But, we could do that if you want. You can have, you know, a savings account card too. But, I suggest just doing the checking.
Right.
OK, OK. I'll
Make it. And make.
It easier. OK so, I'm gonna go ahead and transfer the twenty-five hundred dollars into your new account. And that'll be automatic. It'll take about five minutes.
OK.
So.
Now, do you need anything else from me? Do you need any type of information or anything or.
No.
I have I have everything that I need. I'm just gonna go ahead and put this in. And do you need anything from me? Do you wanna set up online banking? Which I recommend. That'll be really convenient for you. If you ever wanna switch. If you ever wanted to transfer funds between savings and checking. I do it. I highly recommend it. You don't have to call. You can do it by yourself. You can even have your bills paid through your accounts.
How about also too like will I be able to just order checks through there?
Yeah.
yeah. You can order checks. You can you there's a there's a plethora of things you could do. through Intellibank, through our system. I can email you all the information that you need. It will walk you through step by step. It's really easy. Very self explanatory.
OK.
If you wanna just confirm your email. What is your email address?
OK. It's A Goldmen oh eight oh eight at Gmail dot com.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK, perfect. So OK. So, I sent that over to you via email. If you do have any questions though, please do not hesitate to call us back. You know, we're happy to help you. We can walk you through it, if you need. we're here. customer service line is until eight p.m. eastern time. So, you can just call us back if you need to. And is there anything else I can help you with?
I I think that's it for now.
All right. Thank you so much. Have a great night.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good morning. It's a great day at Intellibank. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Yes I'm a customer John Meadows.
Hello Mr. Meadows, what can I help you with?
I'd like to transfer some funds between my checking account and my savings account.
OK great. I'll be happy to help you with that. My name is Cindy by the way. If you don't mind I'll ask you a few questions first. Mr. Meadows can you please spell your last name?
Yes, it's Meadows. M E A D O W S. And my email is J D Meadows at Gmail dot com.
Great. Thank you so much for that. And Mr. Meadows what's your birthday?
My birthday is January fifteenth nineteen sixty-five.
Great. And do you happen to have your drivers license number handy?
I'm gonna have to try to find that. I don't have it handy.
Sure I'll wait. Take your time.
Just Yeah.
OK yeah, here I got it. Yes my account number is of course I'm from Arizona. It's A Z one two six eight two nine.
OK that was A Z one two six eight two nine.
Yes, that's correct.
OK great. And what's your security let's see what's your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Smyth.
Can you spell that please? Wonderful. OK great Mr. Meadows. I'm into your account now. And you said you would like to transfer funds.
S M Y T H.
Yes from my checking account to my savings account.
OK, would you like your balances first?
Yes. that's that's a good idea. What is my. Before I make the transfer. What is the current balance on my checking account.
Hold on one moment while I check that for you. OK it looks like the balance in your checking account is seven hundred fifty-two dollars and thirteen cents. And for your savings account it looks like you have two hundred even.
OK. I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars from my checking account to my savings account.
How much would you like to transfer?
OK hold on one moment. OK. The transfer is complete. Is there anything else I could.
Help you with today?
The is it can this be done online? No.
Certainly. Have you used our online service before?
OK. So do you have a pen and pencil handy? OK so what you would do is simply go to our website which is Intellibank dot com. That's I N T E L L I B A N K dot com. And on the home page you'll see a big green button that says register. So you click the green button and it will ask you some security questions about your account and then once you are in once your once you create your account online it takes twenty-four hours for it to set up so the next day you can login with the username and password you created. And you will be able to see all of your accounts and all of the balances. And you can easily transfer money from one account to the other.
Yes I do.
The no that sounds pretty simple too and thank you for that information. Let me could you verify or verify could you tell me what is the closest branch to where I live?
Absolutely. Excuse me. Can I have your address please?
Yes. Seven five three Dogwood Road.
OK.
In Phoenix.
And what's the ZIP code?
Eight five oh oh three.
OK, give me one moment.
OK it looks like the closest ATM is inside the drug store at ten forty Bay Road. Which is on the corner of Walnut Street.
So that's the closest ATM.
That's correct.
OK and then I'll be able to do all my transactions there. The all right, I think I think that'll. That should do it. I I feel bad that we're no longer in the hunt for the national league baseball. Did you did you happen to see the game last night?
Yes.
I did. yes. It was quite exciting but sad that the Razorbacks are no longer in the race.
Yeah. OK well maybe next year.
Yeah, OK Mr. Meadows. Well if there's nothing else I can help you with I'd like to thank you for using Intellibank and thank call again any time.
Well thank you very much you've been of good service.
bye.
bye.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I am I'm a little frustrated actually because I have been trying to access my account information online and the site is down again. and it seems like it's just it. It's been happening, you know, quite often lately. I was trying to look at my account balance online and had zero luck getting in. So, I I need your assistance actually it. to transfer money from my savings to my checking. that was also something I was going to do online, but, you know, since the site was down I've. I'm not able to do that either so.
Oh my goodness! First, let me just apologize on the behalf of the Intellibank family . For the frustration with the online banking tool. We have had several complaints about that, so you're definitely not the first and only one. however, that is being worked on. but regardless, I know that doesn't help with the frustration that you have incurred from this. And I will make sure that I forward that up to our complaint department because it is supposed to be a. A convenience not an inconvenience. And I understand how stressful that is and I'd be more than happy to help you with all of the issues that you have today or whatever it is that you need me to do. Again, I'm. I'm very sorry for the inconvenience, and we'll get to the bottom of this today, OK?
OK thank you.
You're very welcome. and let me just make sure that I understand. So what was the. What did you need me to do today to help you?
I need to transfer money from my savings to my checking.
OK.
I. I mean I was. I was trying to check my account balance online first and then and then do this online, but like I said I wasn't able to so I'm gonna go ahead and transfer the money from my savings. I'm not sure what the balance is. it. But I would like to transfer whatever's left in there to my checking please.
OK. All right. So we're. We're moving money from your savings to your checking?
Yes.
OK, awesome. I can definitely help you with that. and bare with me one second here. I just have to ask you a few questions, Kim so I can get into your savings account and get this get this started for you, OK?
OK.
All right. first thing I need to know is your last name and also your date of birth.
Sure. It's Johns. It's J O H N S. And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much Ms. Johns. And let's see here. I also need your I'm sorry. I need to ask you a security question.
Sure.
What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
OK thank you. And can you please provide me with the account number that you need me. Your savings account number which is the one you want to withdraw from, right?
Right, exactly.
OK.
my savings account number is one one two. One zero zero. Zero five nine four.
OK. Thank you so much. And also can you please provide me with the dollar amount that you would like to transfer to your checking?
I. I just want to transfer whatever balance is left in there. I'm not exactly sure what it is cuz I. I couldn't check it online, but whatever's left in there I want to switch that over to my checking.
It looks like you have three hundred and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents in your savings.
OK, great. Yeah, I'll. I'll transfer all of that.
OK. And can you please provide me with the deposit account number? Your checking account number please?
Sure. That is one one two. One zero zero. Zero five nine five.
OK, thank you so much. All right. So bear with me just a moment while I set this transaction up for you.
Sure.
OK, Ms. Johns. I have already initiated this transfer. I am sending you a confirmation of what I just did. I'm gonna send that out to the email that we have on file. And then it takes about thirty seconds for you to receive it. Do you mind checking your email for me please, and make sure that you did get it?
Sure. and in the meantime, I'd also like to go ahead and close my savings account please.
Oh! I can definitely do that for you. I. I do have to ask you d~. what is the reason that you're closing your account?
I'm closing my account cuz I've. I just keep having so much difficulty accessing the information online. I. I'm not sure if I'm gonna continue to have the checking account. I am going to at least for now. and see how things go but if things don't improve with the online access since that's my primary way of accessing all of my information.
Mhm.
I may end up closing both. But for now, I'm just gonna close the savings. and now that I've transferred the balance over to checking, I'm gonna close that and. And like I said, see how things progress.
OK. I completely understand. It's frustrating not having absolutely what the. You know, you come to the bank for, and that's convenience with handling your money. So we hate to see you go, but I understand. I would feel the same way. And I'll go ahead and get the closure of this account going for you right now.
OK, thank you.
You're very welcome.
OK, Ms. Johns. I have closed your savings account, and I'm gonna go ahead and forward the confirmation of the account closure right now. And you will incur no more fees from that account. and I'm also going to send this off to the dispute department cuz I'd like to let them know. Well you know, why you felt like you needed to close your account and that it has to do with, you know, lack of convenience and availability with our bank because, you know, the higher-ups need to know about that certainly. that's not how we like to do business and we want to, you know, do better for you as our as our customer. We we value your business and your loyalty, and we want to make sure that you feel safe and feel good banking with us.
OK. Thank you so much for your help! I really appreciate it. I checked my email, and I did get both of those emails. both of the confirmations.
You're very welcome.
Fantastic! Was there anything else that I could help you with today, Ms. Johns?
no, that's everything.
OK. I'm gonna go ahead and close this up, and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day! And thank you for banking with us.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley, how can I help you today?
Yes. I will like to find a branch near me. And I will also like to make a wire transfer, please. If you can help me with that.
All right, sir. I'll be happy to help you with both those requests. We'll handle the branch locations first and then we'll get into the account information for the wire transfer if you don't mind.
OK. Sounds good.
All right, sir. In order to find branch locations near you, I'm gonna need your current street address including the city, state, and ZIP code, please.
Oh yes. my street address where I'm at right now is twenty-five thirty-four, North Peabody Lane. Chicago, Illinois six one six oh five.
All right. So you said twenty-five thirty-four North Peabody Lane in Chicago Illinois, ZIP code six one six oh five?
Yes, that is it.
OK. So gimme just one moment while I look up branches around that location, please.
OK.
OK, sir. Looks like I have about three locations near you. The closest three I have on this account. I can give you those locations if you have a pen and paper ready.
Yes, I'm ready when you are.
OK, sir. So the first location is about a quarter of a mile away from you.
OK.
It's at two one eight South Shelby Court Way.
OK.
And the hours of operation are eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday and eight a.m. to two p.m. on Saturday.
OK.
All right, sir. And the next location is about a half a mile away from you at four four one Bishop Drive.
Four one one Bishop Drive.
Four four one Bishop Drive.
OK.
Four four one Bishop Drive. All right, I got that.
Ye~.
All right, sir. And that location hours happen to be eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday and eight a.m. to twelve p.m. on Saturday.
OK, got that.
OK. This last location, sir, is about three-quarters of a mile away from you.
All right.
That location is at five seventeen West Willow Street.
Five seventeen, West Willow Street?
Yes, sir. The hours of operation are eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And and that location is actually closed on Saturday and Sunday.
OK.
Oh! OK. Closed on Saturday. All right.
Yes, sir.
It sure is.
All right, OK.
All right, sir. And you wanted to also make a wire transfer?
Yes yes, may I, please.
Yes, sir. I'm gonna need a little bit more information from you for your account verification.
All right.
OK, sir. Can I have your first, last name, and date of birth, please?
Yes. My name is Theo Walker. My date of birth is ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four.
All right, sir. you gave your name as Dale Walker and your birthday the tenth thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, Mr. Walker. Could I have your driver's license number, please, for identification purposes?
Yes, you may. My driver's license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK, So to verify that number is six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes, that is it.
OK. Thank you so much, sir. And for account security purposes can I get the last four digits of your social security number?
Yes.
Last digit is seven zero three nine.
OK, sir. That was zero seven zero three nine, sorry.
Yes, ma'am.
All right, sir. And you're wanting to make a wire transfer, which account will you be transferring out of?
I wanna transfer out of my checking, please.
OK, sir. Could you give me that checking account number, please?
I sure can. The checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
All right. So to verify that number is five one four three three six seven oh seven oh?
Yes.
OK, sir. Gimme just one moment while I look for your account information.
OK.
OK, sir. Looks like your current balance is two thousand, seven hundred and forty-nine dollars and fifty-six cents in that account, what amount would like to wire?
OK.
how much did you say I have in there?
Two thousand, seven hundred and forty-nine and fifty-six cents.
Let me wire five hundred.
OK, sir. So you wanna make a transfer of five hundred dollars?
Yes.
OK. That'll leave your current balance at two thousand two hundred and forty-nine dollars and fifty-six cents.
OK.
OK, sir could you tell me tell me which account type you're wanting to wire into, is that a checking or savings account?
It will be a checking.
OK, sir. Let me write that down note that. OK, could you give me the recipient's first, last name, or if this is a business, the business name?
yes first and last name is Erik E Craft. Erik E R I K.
OK. So that's Erik Craft Erik with E R I K.
Yes.
Could you give me the street address as well as the city, state, and ZIP for this person?
yes. The address is forty-two six three Post Farm Road Decatur Georgia. three zero zero three zero.
OK, so to verify that address was four two six three Post Farm Road in Decatur Georgia at three zero zero three zero ZIP code.
Yes.
OK, so do you have an email you want to add to this?
you could just put Erik E Craft at day rap dot com.
OK, sir. is anything capitalized in that, or is that OK?
ye~.
yes. The E the E in Erik and the E in and E in Craft.
OK, sir. To verify. OK. To verify, the email address was Erik with a capital E E R I K not E R C E R I C, correct?
Don't know if I said that right.
Right.
OK. So Erik with a capital E, E R I K, capital E Craft with a capital C at day rap dot com.
Yes, that's it.
All right so much for that and you said you wanted to transfer into a checking account.
Yes.
All right, so could you give me the routing number for that transfer account, please?
Oh yes, the routing number is is three nine zero six five one zero zero one
All right sir so that routing number was three nine zero six five one zero zero one.
Yes.
OK, sir. I'm ready for that checking account number too, please.
Excuse me.
All right. The checking account number is nine zero zero three eight four six three.
All right, so to verify that number is nine zero zero three eight four six three.
Yes ma'am.
All right sir. So the amount you wanted to transfer was five hundred and. All right. OK, so we offer same day next day and three-day transfer. Same day will be thirty dollars, next day there's a fee of ten and three days is a fee of three dollars. Which one would you like to use?
Yes please.
Just put the next day the fee of ten.
All right, sir. So we're going to transfer five hundred in to this account. So your balance will be two thousand two hundred and thirty-nine dollars and fifty-six cents once we debit that ten dollar fee. OK?
All right, sounds good.
OK, give me just one moment while I handle this wire transfer for you.
All right.
All right, Mr. Walker, I've already processed that transfer for you, it should be next day that this is going to go into his account. Today is Monday and you've done this before twelve twelve p.m. I mean sorry twelve a.m.. you've done this before eleven a.m. my my bad I'm sorry sir a little sleepy still.
All right.
OK, so this will be in his account, on the next day.
OK. thank you for your time.
OK thank you so much, Mr. Walker. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh no that's about it.
All right. You have a great day sir. My name was Lesley.
All right, thank you.
Thank you bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Madeleine. How can I help you?
Yes, hi. I have a couple of questions I wanted to ask, how many accounts can one person have? Is there a penalty for having more than one or two?
No ma'am, actually you can have as many accounts as you need, for whatever purposes that you're needing it for. So if you need to have a couple of different savings accounts, maybe one could be your rainy day, or one could be, you know, for like a vacation fund. You can do that and there's no additional fees or penalties for doing that.
Oh.
Oh speaking of rainy day, oh my gosh we're flooded here. Where are you? Are you flooded also? Did you have a bad, bad storm?
N~.
no ma'am we haven't had any storms. It's been actually very good, the weather's been pleasant.
Oh.
Been going great.
Oh no we're flooded, the river is flooded, it's almost up to the door.
Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope that you're just using precautions and keeping safe.
Oh yes, yes. yeah well do you know what I think I wanna do, I wanna go ahead and transfer some money out of my checking account into my savings account, because you know, I I've had this desire to take my whole family on a cruise to Alaska, and so I wanna go ahead and I'm gonna do that, so I figured I will start a savings account so I don't keep spending it.
OK, that sounds like a great plan for you. so before we go ahead and do that, since you do wanna do some internal transferring, I do need for you to tell me your first and last name please?
Oh yes, Anastasia Hoffman.
Thank you, Ms. Hoffman. And so you're going to go ahead and transfer from your your checking, and you wanna start a savings account, you said?
Yes.
OK, so I am gonna need your checking account number please.
Oh OK. Four four three two one zero nine seven eight.
Thank you. And can you go ahead and verify one final security measure for me please. What is the name of your mother's maiden name?
Oh, Vertov.
Thank you.
Yeah
And my date of birth is oh three twelve seventy-eight.
Oh thank you so much. All right, so we are all verified here. So I do see that you actually already have a savings account. it just currently has just the minimum amount that's required in order to open it. So you only have five dollars in here which I said was the minimum amount needed, so let's go ahead and you want me to go ahead and rename that as your travel fund?
Oh yes, put Alaska fund.
OK, Alaska fund it is. Now how much do you want to transfer from your checking into this?
Nine thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
OK. Now just to let you know, you currently have eleven thousand in your checking, OK. So nine thousand?
Three hundred and fifty dollars.
Three
Hundred and fifty dollars. OK, give me just a moment to go ahead and put that in here. So.
And also since I don't have that savings account number, can you give that to me please?
Yes I will do that in just a second here. OK, so now I've gone ahead and transferred that into there. Now just so you know your balance currently is going to be one thousand six hundred and fifty dollars on your checking account, OK. Is that, is that feasible for you?
Oh yes that's perfect.
OK, all right, so now your savings account number, this is your Alaska travel fund.
OK.
It's going to be five two three four four six seven four nine.
OK, Alaska account, yay.
Yes, you've got a good little nest egg there for you.
Yes, yes, and that's good. I've I'm so excited about this and I know my family's gonna be excited too.
This sounds like a great trip that you're planning. Now do you know that we do offer online account services?
Oh really?
Yes, we do. It would make it so easy for you now that you have both account numbers in order for you to transfer funds back and forth or even just add funds from even an offshore account into this.
Oh They, that sounds pretty good, and then this way I don't have to bother you huh?
Yes,
What? No.
Give you. Give you.
Time with another client.
No, we love speaking to each and every one of our clients, but if you're ever away from you know a phone or you're on on another type of trip and you want to go ahead and take your extra funds from that and just switch it over onto this account, you could do so while you're on another trip. I'd be happy to go ahead and get you set up with an account for your online services?
That would be great, thank you.
OK.
So I do need your email address.
yes, my email is Ana Hoff one. A N A H O F F one. At Zmail dot com.
Mhm.
Is that Z as in zebra?
Yes, mail.
OK, I just sent you a test email, can you tell me if you received it please?
OK sure, let me check. Oh yeah, there it is.
OK, all right, so now that the test emails gone through perfectly I'm gonna go ahead and email you a link for you to complete your sign up. And you can just go ahead and pick your own password. I do need to let you know that when you do that make sure that it's at least eight characters long, has a capital letter, at least two numbers, and one special character.
OK, I can do that.
OK, that'll make it very secure for you. All right, so I've gone ahead and sent that out for you. Is there anything else that you need for me to assist you with today Ms. Hoffman?
No I think we're good because I like this online stuff, this way I can this myself. That's wonderful.
All right, well then enjoy what's going on with your trip here and you know have fun building your little nest egg for it. I do hope that the weather's certainly clears up for you a lot better and that you're in a safe location and you just have a great and wonderful day. Thank you again for calling Intellibank, again my name is Madeleine.
Thank you so much, you have a blessed day.
You as well. Thank you. Bye bye.
Mm, bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley, how can I help you today?
yes, I need to change a email that I have on file. Please could you help me with that?
I certainly can, sir. Before I can complete your request I need to ask a few questions to verify your account, if you don't mind.
I don't mind.
All right sir, could I get your full name and date of birth please?
Yes. My name full is Dale Walker. My birthday is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
OK sir, you said your name was Dale D A L E Walker, and you gave your date of birth as ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four, is that correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK Mr. Walker, thank you so much. And for authentication purposes could you give me your drivers license number on file please?
yes. My driving license number is, are you ready?
Yes sir, I certainly am.
Six one nine five two four nine six nine.
To verify, you gave the number as six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes, that's correct.
All right sir, thank you so much. And for account security purposes, could I have your mother's maiden name please?
Yes. My mother maiden name is Wilson.
All right, yes sir I have that information on file. All right sir, is are we talking about a savings or checking account with us?
it's going to it's a checking.
All right sir, could I have that account number please?
The account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
OK again that number was five one four three three six seven oh seven oh?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, sir.
so you already have a email address on file here, you want to remove this old email address and and add additional one?
yes.
Go ahead with that email, sir.
Oh.
The email address Dale Dale with a capital D. Dale C Walker, the C is capital and the W is capital, Walker. At Dayrep dot com.
OK.
All right sir, to verify that is capital D A L E, capital C, capital W A L K E R, at Dayrep dot com?
Yes, that is correct.
All right sir, give me just one moment while I update the information on file.
All right.
OK sir. Thank you so much for your information.
OK.
OK I've updated your information from Dale Walker at Dayrep dot com to your new address Dale C Walker at Dayrep dot com.
OK.
All right sir. And to make sure I send out the new account information brochure I need you to verify your home address.
And my home address?
Yes sir.
OK. I stay at three three four Pinewood Drive.
At at forty what is this? Huh. Hold on just a minute. I used to stay at I don't know if you want this , I used to stay at forty-two sixty-three Post Farm Road in Denver. and I dunno which one is on file, so I don't know if that relevant or not.
Oh yes, sir it looks like you've updated it already to the thirty-three forty Pinewood Drive. So that'll be the file that we're gon~. That that'll be the address that we're gonna send the information about your change of account. OK?
Is it?
All right.
OK.
All right, Mr. Walker, is there anything else I can do for you today?
no that's about it.
All right, Mr. Walker, thank you so much for giving us a call today and for being a very loyal part of the Intellibank family. Again, my name was Leslie and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I hope you enjoy your day too, Leslie.
Thank you so much sir, bye bye.
Thank.
You.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael, how may I help you?
hey Michael. My name is John and I was at I went to your branch down the road from me, in downtown Austin. And it was already closed. What time do y'all close?
I'm sorry about that sir. Our branch locations for Intellibank are open from nine a.m. to five p.m. on weekdays and on weekends, they are open from nine a.m. to two p.m.. did you go to a, did you try to did Excuse me sir, did you try to go inside an Intellibank branch location on the weekend?
no, it was during the during the week, but I thought it was til six, so I just need to get there before five. OK. All right. Thank you.
Yes sir, our hours during the weekdays is from nine a.m. to five p.m.. Sorry about the inconvenience sir.
No, that that was my problem, but you know By the way, I really called, I need to change my address on on my account.
Yes, sir. I can help you with that right away. you said your name was John. Can I have your last name, sir?
John Walker.
Thank you, sir, and your date of birth?
Date of birth? November thirtieth nineteen sixty.
Thank you, sir. And can I have an authenticating ID number that's associated with this account, it could be from a account number, a credit card number, or a driver's license number. something that is associated with this account. Anything will do.
My driver's license two four seven five six nine three six in Texas.
Thank you, sir. and just.
Michael?
Yes, sir?
Are are you calling, are you in Texas? Have you ever been to Texas, sir?
Yes sir. Our call center is located in Brewing, Texas. That's currently where I am right now.
Whew! That's a small town, but it's a good town. I like that. Well, good, I'm glad I'm speaking with a Texan. what was your question?
That's quite all right sir. I was just trying to further verify your identity for the for your the security of this account. there is a security question I must ask and that is what is the name of your first pet?
My first pet was Leroy. That's L E R O Y. Oh, I remember you asked me for my driver's license number. Didn't you need that too?
Oh, you had given me that earlier, sir. driver's license number.
Oh, that's right, that's right in Texas. OK, got it. All right. Sorry about that.
Yeah, just to verify again sir, John Walker, born November thirtieth, nineteen sixty, driver's license number two four seven five six nine three six
Yes, sir.
Thank you for verifying your information, sir. what is the account number associated with this change you would like to make?
That's seven hundred nine one four.
Thank you, sir, and you want to update your home address?
Well, yes. I do. I have two homes. Thirty-one Conberg street and the new one I moved to, or the additional one I bought is four one nine Castle Drive.
Thank you, sir. So, the previous home address that we had on file was at thirty-eight Brazzo Street but you said that you owned two homes, at thirty-one Conberg Street and four one nine Castle Drive?
Correct, I have to places where I that I I call home.
Oh, that's no issue sir, It's just that we require one address to be on file. preferably, the home address where you are currently spending the most time at. which location do you spend most of your time at home? Is it at Conberg or is it at Castle Drive?
Well, most of my mail, OK, I'm routing it to my the new home, four one nine Castle Drive, so let's keep that one. Let's make it that address.
OK, sir. That's no issue. one moment please. OK, sir just to verify everything once again, I'm going to be updating your home address from three eight Brasso Street to four one nine Castle Drive for the account number seven zero zero nine one four this will take place effective immediately. The updating of your personal information. It should occur if it's not instantaneously, it should happen by the end of the day and you can check the status of your personal profile online just to make sure everything is good to go. Is there anything else I can help you with sir?
No that will do it. You handled it perfectly. Appreciate it.
Would you like to know about more about online banking sir? This allows you to more conveniently check the status of your accounts in the future and if your personal information is is is correct.
No, sir, I I'm fine with how I do things.
OK, sir have a nice day.
Oh, well, thank you, you too. Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Michelle. How may I help you today?
Hey Michelle. How are you?
I'm doing just fine thank you so much for asking ma'am and yourself ?
I'm OK thank you. The reason that I'm calling is the brick and border location that I always go to it is actually closed for some reason. Do you know anything about that?
Well no ma'am not right off the top of my head but I'll be happy to look into that for you if you like.
Yeah that will be great. Thank you.
Not a problem ma'am let see first do you know what the street address that that location was.
no ma'am I sure don't is well it's actually right over here by the shopping mall the shopping mall is at the corner of Fleming Way and Siggly Road but I'm not sure which the branch is actually on.
Oh ma'am that's not a problem whatsoever what city and what state is that in?
That's in Richmond Virginia.
All right ma'am you said it's about a shopping mall on the corner on Fleming Way and Siggly Road in Richmond Virginia.
Yes ma'am that's correct.
All right. Can you give me just one moment please while I look up this information for you?
Yeah sure no problem.
All right ma'am. I am actually seeing that location I believe that you were talking about. That street address would've been four twenty-seven Siggly Road and unfortunately that branch had closed down. It has moved down the street from there over on Retreat Avenue actually three forty-eight Retreat avenue.
Oh OK. Well that's actually a little bit far from my house. The one over here by the mall is the closest one that I know of that was close to my house.
Well ma'am if you would like I would be more than happy to look and see if there's one that's a little bit closer to your actual house.
Oh really. That would be great. I would really appreciate if you could do that.
Sure that's no problem whatsoever let's see may I have the street address of your house please ma'am.
Oh sure. It is nine thirty-three Midway Road.
All right. I have nine three three Mid M I D W A Y road.
Yes ma'am that's correct.
All right thank you so much for that information and that's in Richmond Virginia as well.
Yes ma'am that's correct.
All right thank you so much give me just one moment while I pull up the information for you.
OK great. Thanks.
All right ma'am. I did actually find the branch location that's about two miles away from your house. And the one that you said you usually go to that was about five miles so we got one a little bit closer thankfully .
Oh that's great. Thank you. what is the address of the this the other location? I'm sorry.
Oh that's no problem ma'am. The other branch location that's closest to your house that will be at eight seventy-two Midway Road.
Oh OK eight seventy-two Midway Road.
Yes ma'am. That is correct.
All right great thank you. do you know by any chance happen to know what days and what times they are open?
Yes ma'am absolutely. This location is open Monday through Saturday. From nine a.m. until seven p.m..
OK great Monday through Saturday nine until seven that that's wonderful thank you.
Sure that's no problem whatsoever ma'am. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No ma'am. I think that just about does it.
All right well thank you so very much for calling Intellibank and just a reminder you can always use our free online banking at WWW dot Intellibank dot com
OK great. Thanks.
You're very welcome ma'am and have a wonderful day.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Amber. How can I help you?
Yeah, Amber. This is Robert Johnson. I I'm at the grocery store and for some reason my card keeps on saying can't like it's a like a reading error? I keep on putting the chip in and then it's not reading it or something is what the lady's trying to tell me.
OK. have you tried cleaning off the magnet in the chip area on your card?
man, I've tried every which way. This thing is just not reading and I think I'm holding up the line.
OK. So, I'm guessing the card very well might have become demagnetized.
Oh no.
so what we can do is we can order you a new card. That'll take about six to ten business days to arrive in the mail.
Is there a quicker way like to get this solved, because I'm kind of on a time crunch.
So, yes. So, what I would recommend is you go into the your local branch, let them know about the problem. They can help you order up a new card and then in the meantime they can give you it's kind of like a gift card that is preloaded and that way you won't be without a cashless form of payment.
Oh, that sounds great.
And then.
Yup and then you can use that until you get your new card in the mail and if you run out of a balance you can always go back and load a little extra money on it.
OK. well, I'm over here at twelve twelve North Shore Lane. is there a branch near here?
let me look that up. Just give me one moment here to switch my screens. OK. It looks like the nearest location is about two miles away from that address and that branch location's address is sixteen fifteen Main Avenue.
Oh, shoot. I'm on my lunch hour. Is there a. What are your hours?
So that branch location, their hours are Monday through Friday seven thirty a.m. to six thirty p.m. and then on Saturdays it is open from eight a.m. to noon and Sundays are closed.
Oh, wow. Actually, I can just stop there after work then.
Perfect. That would be wonderful. I can make a note in the system and let them know that there will be an individual coming in and this is what they will need help with.
Oh, that'd be great, because then I can just wrap up what I'm doing over here, have my sandwich and get on with my day. That'd be great.
Yup. can I just get your date of birth and your account number real quick?
yeah. That's six thirteen of eighty-seven and my account number is oh two two one seven three. It's funny too because seven three is my lucky number, so I always remember that.
Well, today's your lucky day. We'll get you taken care of and you won't be without a cashless form of payment. I've got this note in the system that you'll be stopping by and that and that you'll need to get a new card ordered.
All right.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been a real help. Thank you.
Not a problem. Well, you have a good rest of the day and we'll talk to you soon.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank Customer Services. This is Steven. How may I help you?
yes, I was looking at my bank statement, and I see a charge on here that I do not understand.
All right. I am sorry to hear that, but I can certainly help you try and figure it out. Can I have your first and last name, please?
Dan Thomas, T H O M A S.
All right, and can I get your date of birth and the last four of your social?
May twelfth, nineteen sixty. Social security is oh eight, one one.
All right. Thank you, sir. And just to verify your identity if you could answer the following question. What was the name of your first pet?
Rocky. R O C K Y.
Thank you, sir. I've verified that information. And can I go ahead and also have you verify your phone number for me, please?
Six six one, two two one three zero, five five.
All right, sir. Thank you very much for that. I have got your account pulled up. what is the the date of the transaction that you're having an issue with?
October the second of twenty twenty-one.
All right, and the amount of that transaction?
Thirteen dollars and eighteen cents.
Thirteen dollars and eighteen cents. OK. I see that transaction. you try and get some more details for it. It appears that transaction was done at a physical location. So not online, and the vendor name is showing as Sixteen General Store? Does that ring a bell at all?
Sixteen General Store. no, not. It don't it don't ring a bell with me. and you said it was a a physical store. Not online, so
Yes, it would've been actually ran through a a card terminal either contact list or with a chip.
OK, trying to think.
unfortunately, I don't have any more details on what that what type of store that is
Have you had your card in your possession?
I have
Or has anybody else had access to your card around that time?
I did let my son use the card the other day. and he possibly could've purchased something at that store. I I don't even know what that store is, but I probably need to get a hold of him, and see if he purchased something. If if not, I'll I will call back and dispute the transaction.
But yeah, let me let me get with him first before before it goes any further.
All right, sir. I'll go ahead and make a note here. customer calls to inquire about transaction. awaiting further information before escalating issue. OK. I've got that note on there. so when if you do have to call us back for any reason the the agent who assists you will be able to to see that, and can expedite this process if you do need to dispute it further.
OK. that sounds good. You having a pretty good day so far?
yeah. My day's been pretty good. haven't had too many issues so far, so it's always a good thing.
That's great. Yeah, I'm about to get off work myself, and
I'm gonna start the weekend. And I hope you have a good weekend also.
Well, thank you sir. I appreciate that, and I hope you have a good weekend as well.
OK.
is there anything else that I can help you with?
I can't think of anything.
All right. Well there's gonna be a brief survey that's that will come up here momentarily and you can let us know how we did today, and how we can better service you in the future. And if there's nothing else I can help with, then you have a great evening and a fantastic weekend.
All right. You too as well.
Thank you, sir. Have a good one.
All right. Thank you.
Good morning, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Tiffany. How can I help you?
Yeah hey Tiffany yeah this is Robert Johnson. I'm over here at the oh where am I? Oh yeah, that's right I'm over here at the fair. I'm over at the little flea market down the way and what not.
What can I help you with?
oh I was looking for I need stop in at one of your local branches.
I can definitely help you with that if you just want to provide me with your current street address?
Wait, you know.
What? on second thought. No, I didn't mean to interrupt. You know what, come to think of it, I'm I'm pretty far outside of town. So, you know, the county fair wouldn't be the best place for this. You know what? I'm gonna be over at the Costco at twenty-six fifty-six Main Street. Is there a branch near there? Cuz that's like gonna be my next stop along the routes.
I can certainly check that for you. Just give me one moment here while I punch in that address. OK, it looks like the nearest branch is about two miles away from the Costco and it is at twelve fifteen Eighth Avenue North.
OK that's not bad because I'll be passing through that way anyways and that's actually a lot better because I didn't think I saw anything out because I mean this fair is really out there. I had to go eight miles down a dirt road. I mean it's just really out in the country. yeah, no, that would be fi~. Oh I need to check my balance.
OK yep, I can definitely help you with that as well. Just give me one moment here to switch screens. OK, can I please get your first and last name again?
Yeah it's Robert Johnson.
Thank you. Can I please get your account number?
Oh, hold on a second. Let me go down over to my truck and get that. that just one second please.
Not a problem.
I'm like
Right next to my truck. And oh, OK. Yeah here it is. You needed my account number?
Yes, please.
OK, that's three seven one two two zero.
OK thank you. You have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh, that's purple.
Yes, that is correct. OK. Looks like your account balance is two hundred fifteen dollars and twenty-three cents.
Oh, OK. Yeah yeah, that's fine. That that'll work out great. And what were your hours?
that branch is open from seven thirty a.m. to six thirty p.m. Monday through Friday with Saturday hours from eight a.m. to noon, and Sundays are closed.
Oh, perfect. Yeah I'll have plenty of time to wrap up what I'm doing over here and I'll get that stuff loaded up on my truck and I'll get heading over to that Costco.
OK is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, you've been a peach.
Alright, then you have a good day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. Hey, Jerry. How you doing today?
I'm doing terrific. Thanks for asking.
Well, good, good. My name is Evelyn Richards and I need to update my street address, please.
Certainly be glad to help you with that, Miss Richards. And I just need to verify some information for you. what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK. And also, Miss Richards, what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight four six five nine.
OK, thank you for that. And you said that you wanted to. And just for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez. And let me ask, Miss Richards, and you stated again, what information did you want to update?
My street address.
Your street address. OK, and what is your home phone number?
my home phone is six seven eight.
Mhm.
Two zero two four two five three. My cell number is four seven eight three seven one eight oh three one. My email is E Richards at Mail dot net.
OK. Well, thank you, Miss Richards, for that. I think I've got you verified and confirmed here. And let's go ahead get your home address updated. Is that correct that you want to update your home address?
Yes.
OK. And what is the address that you want to update that to?
OK. did you want me to give you the home address or just the new address?
I. If you would, go ahead and give me your new address.
OK. It is one four one Oakwood Avenue, Avondale Estates, Georgia, three zero zero zero two.
OK, again, Miss Richards, that was one four one Oakwood Avenue, Avondale Estates, Georgia, three zero zero zero two?
Yes, it is.
OK, and just wanted to make sure we have this in the system. And we've got that updated for you, Miss Richards. Of course, by the way, just so that you know, you can online if you have access to online banking. are you familiar with our online banking access?
Could you explain it a little bit more?
Sure. With online banking access, what that does, Miss Richards, is you can online to our website, enter in your account number, create a username and password. And right from our website, you'll be able to check your account information, update your phone number, your personal information, such as your address as well.
No, right. That's very helpful.
Well, glad that. to be of service to you, Miss Richards. Is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes. I would like to dispute a transaction on my checking account, please.
Absolutely, Miss Richards. Happy to assist you with that. And Miss Richards, you stated you wanted to dispute a transaction in your checking account?
Yep, correct.
And again, what is that account number?
It is nine eight four six five nine.
OK, that's for account nine eight four six five nine. I've got that set up for you. And and Miss Richards, what is the amount that you are wanting to dispute?
OK.
OK, I'm trying to dispute. Dispute, excuse me, thirty-six dollars.
OK, thirty-six dollars. And what day was this charge or a transaction?
That was on October the eleventh.
OK, October the eleventh. And do you know where the transaction occurred?
Yes, it was. it occurred at Publix.
OK, Publix for thirty-six dollars on October the eleventh. And is there a reason that you wish to dispute those charges, Miss Richards?
Yes. Because I don't recognize it. I don't. I didn't make that purchase.
OK, Miss Richards. Happy to get this set up in the system. And we'll to begin to investigate and launch a internal investigation though on exactly how this unauthorized charge it appears you're saying occurred at Publix.
Yes.
OK. And, Miss Richards, let me just get this put into the system. And let me ask you, by the way, Miss Richards, with the transaction, have there been any other unauthorized transactions?
No.
OK. I think we've got you all set. I think we've got you all set here, Miss Richards. let me just make sure our system has this updating. And, Miss Richards, we again certainly appreciate you being a long time valued customer of Intellibank. we, generally speaking, offer credits to customers in advance of their having an account with us. and the only thing is is if the transaction is found to be a authorized transaction, we will take that credit back.
Good. I I appreciate that because I realized that when I saw that, I said, I knew I had to get. Call and get that taken care of.
Well, I'm so happy that you can understand. Because I I can fully understand, Miss Richards, if my money was something happening to it that was unauthorized on my account, I'd have a big problem with it.
I I know it. And listen, Jerry. I really appreciate it. and you have a good weekend. I'm getting ready to enjoy this weather here as well.
Same to you, Miss Richards. And again, thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Bye, bye.
Bye.
Hello, this is Michelle from Intellibank. how are you doing today?
I'm doing OK. How are you?
Yeah, I'm good too, Thanks for asking. So, how can I help you?
I wanted to report a stolen card and also do a wire transfer.
OK. So sorry to hear that your card has been stolen. I can certainly help you with that.
So, before we proceed further, I would like to verify your account. So, may I have your first name and last name, please?
My first name is Mary and my last name Watson.
OK, can you please spell it for me?
M A R Y W A T S O N.
All right. Thank you so much. May I have your date of birth, please?
My birthday is July eighteenth, nineteen ninety-nine.
I need to verify your ID before we proceed further. So, may I have your bank account number?
yes.
So do you have it right now?
yes, my bank account number is seven three two one four five nine.
OK. So, your bank account number is seven three two one four five nine. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right. Thank you so much. So for security reasons, I would like to verify your identity.
So, may I have your mother's maiden name, please?
her maiden name is Miller.
All right, can you please spell it for me?
M I L L E R.
Thank you so much. So, what is the credit card number? Do you have which has been stolen?
the number is five eight zero one two two three four two six one seven zero seven seven four.
All right. So, I'll repeat. It is five eight zero one two two three four two six one seven zero seven seven four. Is that correct?
No.
it's five eight zero one two two three four two six one seven zero seven seven four.
All right, fine. Thank you so much.
So, which date your card was stolen?
it was stolen on October fifth.
All right. So, do you remember when was the last day you used your card?
I used it on October fourth, at Walmart.
All right. So, you remember that your card was stolen at Walmart. I you used your card at Walmart.
Yes.
OK. So, do you remember? Maybe you might have just forgotten your card there ?
While doing shopping? Or while paying off?
I called them and they said they didn't have it, so.
Oh. All right. No problems with that. I'll what I'm going to do is, I'm going to cancel your credit card, right away so that it should not be misused.
So, what what is the address you want your card. what I'm going to do is I'm going to re-issue a new card.
So, which address you want your card to arrive?
my address is five four three seven, Cherry Street, Joliet.
what is the ZIP code?
Six oh four three three.
All right. So, your card will arrive at the address, five four three seven Cherry Street, Joliet, six zero four three three. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. So, you will receive your new card in your mail within five business days.
OK. Is that fine with you?
Yep, that's perfect.
All right. So, to activate your card, once you receive your card, what you will see is, you will see the customer care number at the back of your card.
Simply call them to activate your new card. Your card will be activated right away.
All right?
Yep. Perfect.
All right. So, now let's help you with the wire transfer.
So, before we proceed further, I would like to verify your account. So, may I have your first name and last name, please?
Mary Watson.
All right, thank you so much. May I have your date of birth, please?
July eighteenth, nineteen ninety-nine.
OK. So, it is July eighteenth, ninety ninety-nine. Is that correct?
Yes.
Well, I need to verify your ID before we proceed further.
May I have your bank account number?
yes, I have it right here. The account number is seven three two one four five nine.
OK. So, it is seven three two one four five nine. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, thank you.
For security reasons, I would like to verify your identity. So, what is the name of your first pet?
it was a goldfish named Bubbles.
OK. So, it is goldfish named Bubbles. Nice name.
Thank you.
May I know what type of bank account do you have? Is it checking or savings account?
It's a checking account.
All right, thank you so much. What is your bank account number you wish to make a wire transfer from?
the account that I want to get from is seven three seven three two one four five nine.
All right. So it is the same account. Seven three two one four five nine.
So, is that correct?
Yes.
All right, thank you so much. So, how much amount do you want me to transfer today?
one hundred fifty dollars.
Hundred and fifty dollars. All right, fine. So, you want domestic or international transfer?
Domestic.
All right. So, what is the routing number of the bank you want to deposit money in?
five four three seven seven three nine three eight.
OK. So, the routing number is five four three seven seven three nine three eight. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, thank you so much. So, what is the bank account number you want to deposit your money?
the account I want it deposited to is nine three eight two one four six.
Nine three eight two one four six. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. Well, let me pull up all the information and then we will do the the transfer.
I can see your account balance is sixty thousand two hundred and thirty-eight dollars.
So, I'm going to initiate the transfer right away. You will get your receipt in your email once the transfer is is done.
For your information, if you do international transfer, then you will be charged seventeen dollars for the international transactions.
It and if the amount is not accepted in the receiving bank, then you will be charged forty-five dollars as a fee.
So, is there anything else I can do for you today?
nope, that's it, thank you.
OK. Thank you so much, it was nice talking to you. Again, this is Michelle, thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Richard. How may I help you today?
Hi, I. I'm downtown over here on Randolf Street and I I need to get some money out so that I can pay my landlord for the rent.
You know how like, when you've paid like the first time for your rent, you have to put the rent and the deposit all together and it has to be cash, cuz that stuff is not all set up yet?
Yes sir. I understand it can be complicated sometimes.
Well, that's that's what's going on and I'm down here on Randolf street and there's supposed to be an ATM here but I don't see it, and there's place to park anyway. So can you tell me. Can you help me find an ATM?
Oh, oh! And and can you also like find out what's the limit on there? Cuz I have to pay like, you know, two months worth.
OK. I can get that information for you. what is the street address where you are currently located?
Twelve eighty-five Randolf Street.
And what city?
Boise, Idaho.
OK. Twelve eighty-five Randolf Street, Boise, Idaho. Give me just a moment, please.
OK. I see that there is an ATM right across the street from you at twelve eighty six Randolf Street. However, that is not an Intellibank ATM so there will be a fee.
involved in that. would you like information on an Intellibank ATM?
Yes, I I need a Intellibank ATM because those other ones they could charge like five dollars. For a transaction and I tried. I took out twenty dollars once and I got charged five dollars for the transaction and that's like twenty-five percent. That's kinda. That's .
Oh yes sir. That is unnecessary fee. If you're using an Intellibank ATM. So let me find the nearest Intellibank ATM.
And that will be OK. It looks like it's less than a quarter of a mile. This is on twelve forty seven Dolphin Street.
In Boise. So that is just a few blocks from where you're currently located. And I see that the withdrawal limit for that one is five hundred dollars per day.
five hundred. OK. Well. Look can I use this this Intellibank travel card to get it out with?
OK. Now the Intellibank travel card is to be used only for international purchases. However, your normal Intellibank debit card should work just fine at the ATM.
OK, then. Well I'm not sure which card I've got, so I'm gonna have to look it up.
OK. Take a moment to do that.
OK. Yeah it's it's it's Intellibank. all right. So, or like where do I need to turn down here?
Because you know like, the suns gettin' low it's in my eyes and I can't see that good
And I'm wearing bifocals so I can only see in the middle of my glasses and yeah that's that's another thing.
OK. hold on just a second. And I'll check with our map service.
OK. It looks like if you travel two blocks east of where you are now and turn right at the corner. And the location should be there. It is a Shell station. And there's an Intellibank ATM located right there inside the Shell station.
OK, OK. I see it. I see it. Right. My day's gettin' better already. How about your day, how's your day going?
Oh my day is going quite well, thank you. is there anything else that I can do for you today? Would you like to learn about our online banking services?
Well, Sure.
OK. If you have access to Wi-Fi, then go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com, and you'll find instructions on how to set up an online banking account. And this might make things more convenient in the future when you're trying to locate our ATMs and use other services offered by Intellibank.
OK. Well I sure do appreciate your help. I just don't know what I would have done without you.
we're glad to help. And please call us next time we can be of service.
OK.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibanking hotline. How may I help you?
Oh yes. Good afternoon. My name is Christina Johnson and I was interested in doing a a wire transfer.
Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson. I'll be happy to assist you with that today.
Can you please verify your first and last name again?
Yes. My name is Christina Johnson.
Thank you thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson. May I please have your date of birth?
sure. That's ten ten nineteen sixty.
Thank you so much Mrs. Johnson. I appreciate that.
I'd like to also, just for security purposes, can you please validate your last four digits of your social?
sure. Not a problem.
That's seven one one one.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson.
And, then for security reasons I also need to ask can you please provide me with either your mother's maiden name or maybe the street you grew up on or maybe your first pet?
sure. Not a problem. I'll give you my mother's maiden name.
Which is Jones.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson. I appreciate that.
All right, Mrs. Johnson, just wanted to verify some information. All right, perfect. could you please provide me with the account number where this money is gonna be withdrawn from?
I apologize, Mrs. Johnson. Can you repeat that?
Yes. I was asking do you need my account number to know which account it's gonna be withdrawn from? So, it's coming from my and I wanna give you my account number for which you gone gone do the wire transfer.
Oh yes, Mrs. Johnson. I apologize. yes. I would need the withdraw bank account number.
not a problem. I'll go ahead and get that account number ready for you. Just give me one brief moment. I got to go ahead and go downstairs and grab that. I don't have that readily available in front of me at the moment.
Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson.
OK. Well I have the account number right now.
OK. Go ahead, Mrs. Johnson, and give me that account number.
That account number is one one twenty-three eighty-one zero zero twenty-nine.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson. May I please also have the routing number for that account?
Yes. It's zero one eighty-two seventy-three six four four.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson. I appreciate that.
And, how much money are you looking to wire transfer today?
I want to do a thousand dollars.
OK. Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson.
Can you please give me the account and routing number for which this money's gonna be deposited into?
not a problem, darling. Let me just go ahead and grab that for you.
OK. The account number is zero zero zero one two three four seven eight nine nine.
And, the routing number will be fifty-six seventy-eight ninety-eight one two three four.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson. I was able to go ahead and get that taken care of for you. Just give me one brief moment please while I put that in.
And, also Mrs. Johnson, I wanted to ask what kind of transfer would this be? Is it just domestic or international?
this is gonna be a domestic wire transfer. And, I just gave you my the deposit routing number. You have that right?
yes. We have that, Mrs. Johnson. Thank you so much.
Just wanna go ahead and verify everything.
OK. Looks like you're all set up, Mrs. Johnson. Do you have any other questions?
yes. I did a few other questions. I'm also wondering can you as far as when I say local time just like what time your businesses are open. Like the local. The local nearest branch from my home.
Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson. Could you provide me with your address please?
sure. It's one one zero seven Avenue Lane. And, that's in Greenacres, Florida.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Johnson. Let me pull that up for you. Yep, you have two local branches near your home. And, they have the same hours. They're open from nine to six, Monday through Friday.
Saturday they're open from twelve to five, Sunday twelve to five.
And, they also have a drive-through ATM and that's twenty-four hours as well.
Well thank you so much for providing that information.
I really appreciate it. I just get kind of confused when I'm trying to figure out what time to visit the bank, with my schedule and such.
Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson. I'm glad I was able help you with that. Do you have any other questions?
yeah. I was interested in knowing what kind do y'all offer? Do you have any sort of like auto loan? I was interested in doing something for my me and my husband wanna get a different car or vehicle. We just trying to downsize so we just need to figure out if we can afford one.
Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson. If you go onto our bank at WWW Intel banking dot com once you get to the website there will be tab that says auto loan.
Just click on that screen, on that tab, and it will be a pull down screen and you'd be able to apply for an auto loan. Once you are approved for the auto loan it will tell you the amount. You can print that out and take that to your local dealership and you can purchase your vehicle.
The amount will be shown and that amount is good for the next ninety days. So, just make sure you plan ahead when you're going to apply for the auto loan that you know it's good for thirty days.
The amount that's given and that's the amount you've you will be approved for.
Oh. Well thank you so much, darling. I'll go ahead and check that out with my husband and we can figure that out. So you're able to do the wire transfer, correct?
yes. we're able to get that completed for you.
All right. Thank you so much, ma'am.
not a problem, Mrs. Johnson. You have yourself a great day.
Is there anything else I can help you with it?
No, darling. you did great. Everything all my needs have been met. I appreciate your time.
Not a problem, Mrs. Johnson. You have yourself a great day.
You do the same too, darling. Thank you so much again.
Not a problem.
Thank you for banking with Intel Banking. You have yourself a great day.
Bye bye.
Hey this is Kelly, thank you calling Intellibank how can I help you?
Hey Kelly, how you doing? I think I have a problem.
Oh no.
Yeah so you so you see every every morning me and my friends would meet for breakfast before we go to work and this morning we went to go and when I went to pay for my breakfast I pulled my wallet out and my card was missing. And I don't know where it is, what happened. The last time I used it was at yesterday's breakfast then I don't know if I didn't get the card back. I asked. We usually go to the same place and I asked them while we were there and my card was not recovered there or found or anything so I'm not sure what the next step to do here or the process. Do I close my account? Should I I I think like in my head already which I'm thinking I wanna transfer some of my money out of my account to make sure I'm safe so. can you like instruct me what to do next?
Oh no.
OK.
Mhm.
OK. Let's just try and take a deep breath. This is a serious thing because your card is missing is the bottom line we don't know hopefully no one found it and tried to use it but let's let's take it step by step. we'll take our time. What is your first and last name?
My name is Scott Lauer.
How do you spell your last name?
L A U. E R.
Mhm.
OK Mr. Lauer and what is your date of birth?
March third nineteen seventy.
OK and your security question. What is your favorite food?
Buffalo Wings.
Nice OK. So do you happen to have the debit card or the credit card number that you lost or do you have the account number OK. I'll take that when you can.
I.
I have the account number.
Yeah let me let me.
Yeah.
When you're ready go ahead.
Yeah.
OK.
OK. So the number is. Oh seven six.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK.
Two. Five one three four. Nine zero.
Mhm.
OK.
Uh-huh.
OK so that's zero seven six two five one three four nine zero.
Correct.
OK so when we go in I'm gonna look and see what the last transaction was. OK, so you said yesterday you were with your friends at the restaurant and that's the last time you swiped it.
Yes.
Yeah. yesterday morning.
What was the name of
That restaurant?
It's called the Magic Plate.
Magic Plate. OK I see that. But that's the last time you used it?
Yes.
All right. Well unfortunately there was a five hundred dollar charge at Walmart.
Oh no no no no no see the yeah we gotta close. I I mean do I have to pay that? Am I liable?
Yeah.
OK. OK. No.
No. What we're gonna do is we're gonna recover your money. Obviously it was you know it was charged so what we're gonna do is number one I'm going to cancel this card right now.
OK.
so the card's gonna be canceled let me just do this. OK so that's canceled and then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna escalate this to our security department and our. OK so I'm escalating that. So they're gonna do an investigation and we're gonna find out and let me tell you something, ninety-eight percent of the time we do track down the person who did it because you know there's cameras everywhere just to try to put you at ease, you will get your money back because you have insurance number one and number two the person will I mean they just don't think because they were in a Walmart so we can go back and look at the video.
I was gonna say that. I was gonna say how stupid can you be because you know you see the cameras anymore when you're checking out so I I mean it's gonna prove that it was not me. So is there anything I need to do to dispute this transaction?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, well I
I already set up the dispute and I escalated it for you so in about twenty-four hours you're gonna get a call from one of our agents our security agents that are on the case, whoever gets assigned to it so look out for that but right now in that account you have eleven thousand five hundred dollars. So you did have twelve thousand and then they charged that five hundred.
OK.
OK.
So you have eleven thousand five hundred dollars. Now do you wanna take that money that's your checking account. Do you want to and I did I did close that card. So there's a couple of things that are gonna happen. I could take that money and transfer it. I see that you have a savings. I'm just gonna need that number in a minute but do you wanna take that money and transfer it into your savings?
OK.
That's
You know before I even realized there was this transaction that happened, in my head I already thought to myself why don't I transfer you know just you know maybe for a couple weeks like ten thousand dollars from my checking into my saving. This way I know they can't access that money.
Uh-huh.
OK.
OK.
OK.
So you just want ten?
Uh-huh.
Yeah yeah I'd I'll leave a little bit in there just cuz I do have some.
OK.
Well
Yeah I did cancel it. But this is gonna be. But the thing is now what's gonna happen is I'm gonna be sending you a new card.
Yeah.
OK.
So I need to just confirm your address when you're ready just give me your address.
OK the address is seventy-one.
Mhm.
Thirty-one.
Mhm.
Powelton Avenue.
How do you spell that?
P O W.
Mhm.
E L.
OK.
T O N.
OK.
Avenue.
OK.
That's Philadelphia Pennsylvania. One nine one one five.
OK so that card will be out to you. It's gonna take three to five business days to get that card and there will be. Before you get the card you'll get a PIN number. You don't have to keep that PIN number you can change it. once you Once you get the PIN number hold onto that. When you get the card then there will be a sticker on the card with a phone number. It will prompt you through. It is really easy. You'll be able to set up your new card and you can change your PIN number then as well.
OK.
If you have any problems or questions you can always call us back no problem so that's all set so I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna transfer the ten thousand dollars. Now you just need to give me the savings account number that you want that to be deposited in.
OK the savings account number is it's oh nine six.
Uh-huh.
Five two.
OK.
Two one.
Uh-huh.
Seven nine.
OK.
Three six.
OK so you have three thousand dollars in there.
OK.
And so I'm gonna deposit the ten. It'll be automatic so you now have thirteen thousand dollars in that account and I'm so sorry that you have to be put through this this aggravation but it will be fixed. Don't worry you're not the only one this has has happened to and we will fix it I promise.
Thank you. I'll tell you I'll tell you what, do you like breakfast?
It. It.
Yes, I do.
Well if you guys solve and catch this person, I'm taking you to breakfast.
At the Magic Plate.
I would love it. OK, well anything else I can help you with right now? OK, thank you so much, and like I said, look our for that phone call from our agent.
That's it.
All right. I will. Thank you so much.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley, how may I help you today?
Hi Ashley I'm calling because I need to report my card lost or stolen.
Oh no! I'm sorry to hear about that. I'll definitely be happy to help you with that right away. give me just one moment here and I will go ahead and pull up my systems and get get everything together here. All right so it did come up here. What is your first and last name and your date of birth?
My name is Hailey Parker and the date of birth is four fifteen nineteen eighty-nine.
OK thank you. And your social please?
Is five nine two seven seven nine nine eight eight. And I know this is usually a question I can't remember which phone number you guys have on file for me. But the first one is three one five four four four two two three seven.
OK yes. That's actually the number that we have on file.
OK.
All right. And the credit card number. Do you know the credit card number that you that was lost? Do you remember that?
I do actually.
OK. That's good
It's one of the
Numbers you have to remember.
Right. That's good.
That number is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Thank you and last verification information. What is your mother's maiden name?
Ruggers. R U G G E R S.
Appreciate that. All right. Thank you for verifying all that all that information. I just gotta ask you a couple questions for the report. can you please tell me what date you lost or your credit card was lost or stolen?
Yes ma'am. October seventeenth.
Oh wow. Just just yesterday. well good thing you're calling. Yeah. OK and what was the last transaction that you knowingly made?
yesterday.
the last one that I made I purchased gas at Wawa for thirty-five dollars. but I did see two purchases that I don't recognize. And one of them is at Walmart for two hundred thirty-five dollars and there's one at Target for three hundred and fifty dollars. Can I dispute those charges?
Mhm.
Oh, wow. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So with this whole process that we're doing for reporting the lost or stolen card. Obviously it was stolen if you're saying that these charges are not yours. So we will go ahead and dispute those two charges. And we'll send this I'll send this all over to our fraud investigations team. And also to avoid any further fraudulent activity I'm gonna go ahead and cancel your card immediately and I'll issue you a new one. Does that sound good to you?
Yes please and thank you.
OK awesome. All right so I just need verify that we have the correct address to send the new card to. I have you address as one four three three Orange Ave. Orlando, Florida three two seven seven one.
Yes ma'am that's correct.
Excellent. OK so you'll receive your new card in the mail within three to five business days with expedited shipping. We'll email you a confirmation regarding your new card as well. when you receive your new card you can either go to Intellibank dot com or call the number on the card to activate it. And you'll be all squared away with that. Our fraud investigations team will take care of those two charges that you disputed. And they may take a little bit longer. They usually take five to seven business days to complete the investigation. Sometimes sooner. and then we'll go ahead and credit those charges back to your account. OK?
OK great.
All right and do you have any other questions for me today Ms. Parker?
Actually there is. is there any way to set up an account online? You know God forbid this happens in the future I can report the card stolen without having to call.
Absolutely. Yes there is. so you can go to Intellibank dot com or download the Intellibank app. Create a username and password and we'll ask you for some personal and banking information for verification purposes. So just make sure you have your banking information available when you're creating the online account. there's a section both online and through the app right on the main pages where you can lock your card. when you can't find it. Like let's say you misplaced it and you're like oh no, I don't know if I left it at the store or if it's in my car somewhere. You can go ahead and lock your card and if you happen to find it you can unlock it. if you don't if you don't find it you know after you know whatever time you see fit that's when you can report it lost or stolen. You'll need to call us for that to report it lost or stolen. So we can go ahead and do the process that we did today.
Excellent. Thank you so much for all of your help.
You're very welcome, my pleasure. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. You've been such a big help already.
All righty. Well thank you very much for calling Intellibank and you enjoy the rest of your day, OK?
You too, thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. With whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?
Hello. My name is Divina Sinclair and.
Hi, Divina. How are you?
I am just not having a good day.
Oh, no! What can we do to help you?
I have been trying to get my bank to cancel my membership for the longest time and every time that they say that they are going to close it, they never do, and I am charged again. And the money is never reimbursed. And I've been dealing with this problem for a really long time. so I have no idea how to go about getting this handled.
OK. We can help you with that. You said your bank's continues to charge you. Is there a company that's charging your bank account or something?
it's the actual business charging me.
which business is it that's charging you Ms. Sinclair?
Kingdom Fitness.
OK.
Perfect and you said you've reached out to them and you haven't had any success with them to get in to change your account.
Yes.
All right. It looks like we'll get some other information from you real quick. What i~. We have your first and last name. Can you give me the spelling on that first and last name for me?
Yes, of course. My first name is Davina. D A V I N A.
And my last name is Sinclair. S I N C L A I R.
OK. What is your date of birth, Ms. Sinclair?
My date of birth is November nineteenth nineteen ninety-three.
Do you have your driver's license number available?
I do.
give me one moment.
OK. Go ahead. Take your time. I'll be right here for you.
I can't seem to locate my wallet at the moment unfortunately.
No problem at all, Ms. Sinclair. Do you have the account number that you're calling for?
yes. Give me a moment. Sorry.
It's OK.
How's the weather out there today?
The weather out there where I am.
Yeah.
Is amazing. I love it in Louisiana. I I'm so happy I moved here. I would love to live here for the rest of my life. I I don't like the humidity so much because at home it was terrible but it's OK.
All right. Well, now that we got your account information all figured out. I do see it in there and I do see that charge. So what we can do for you. Let me let me look at a couple other things. Looks like you have several accounts with us so that's a nice thing.
And you have another checking account. You know Ms. Sinclair what the easiest way in this situation might be, if you're not having any success with the gym canceling your membership is that we could go ahead and close this account for you and just transfer all of your money over into one of your other accounts. would that situation work out for your?
that would be perfect as long as I can open up another account.
You already have a couple of other accounts with us so you don't need to open another account. I'm happy to do that but you currently have another checking account that I can transfer that over into.
Yeah. That'll be perfect for now.
That way that we can pursue your stopping. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and cancel this account I'm have to stop it now so no new charges will be able to come through from today's date.
OK.
I also have a question.
What do you got?
am I going to be able to file a dispute for the charges charges that the gym has put on my account after I asked for them to cancel my membership?
That's a great question. As a matter of fact, we're gonna go ahead and dispute all of those for you if you wanna give me a moment here before I get the account closed let me go ahead and add those disputes on there. How many months back were you wanting to dispute?
Four.
Four.
All right. I see all four of those charges on there for you.
And just to verify too because you do have a couple of accounts with us, what is the routing number for that account?
The routing number is six seven five four eight nine three three.
OK and then the account number?
And the account number is seven three six. Sorry. Six three two eight.
Six three two eight. OK, perfect. We have that for you.
All right and then you. You have seventy-four hundred dollars left in that account. You want us to go ahead and transfer that over to your primary checking account?
Yes, please.
All right. We could get that done for you.
Give me one moment here while we get that all transferred and we get those disputes all put into the system.
Thank you so much.
While we're waiting for that. Can do you need to order any new checks today?
I don't but I have a question about your travel account.
Our travel ac~. Oh are you asking about our travel checks that we have?
Yes, your travel check.
Yeah, absolutely. Are you getting ready to go on a trip? Yeah, we offer travel checks. We offer them free to all of our customers since you have a couple of accounts with us. All you need to do is to stop by any of our branches and we can get those done for you.
So what is it?
So when your transferring over into another country where you can get money and use money securely when you're in another country.
OK perfect.
And I didn't quite catch your name. Thank you so much for helping me.
It's Billy Sinclair.
We have a just slightly different last spelling on her name . S T Clair. It's a little different.
Is there anything else I can do for you today while I got you on the phone?
Well. I mean, I got to talk to another Sinclair so that's pretty exciting.
That's pretty awesome .
All right so we have your account being closed. It will close today. We have the disputes in and the money is being transferred over currently. All that is done.
Once again, let me ask if there's anything else I can get done for you today while I got you on the phone?
That is perfect. You helped me so much.
Excellent. You have an excellent day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lexie. Who am I speaking with today?
Yes. Hello. My name is Paul Smith.
Hello, Mr. Smith. How are we doing today?
I'm good. How is your day going?
Not too bad. Not too bad at all. Thank you for asking. real quick before you and I get started do you mind verifying a couple of pieces of information for me?
Oh, sure thing.
All right. I need your date of birth and last four of social.
Four nineteen eighty-five and seven two one five.
Perfect. And I do have a security question on the account. I need the name of your first pet.
Which is Nemo.
Perfect. Love it. And last but not least I need your account number.
Oh, shoot. Actually I need to find that real quick. Hold on a second.
No worries. Take your time.
And that is seven six eight nine two one.
Perfect. Got all your information pulled up here my friend and how can I help today?
Yes. I would like to find the nearest Intel ATM please.
Your Intelli ATM? Absolutely. I can locate that for you. Are we going off your home address?
No. I am at a different address.
You're at a different address. All right. Do I need to update an address for you or are you just out of town right now?
Yes.
No, I'm just out of town right now.
OK, perfect. Go ahead with that address when you are ready.
All right. It is a Holiday Inn at six nine nine Main Street South, Las Vegas, Nevada, six five four zero two, I do believe.
Perfect. And yes that is pulling up right here. And it looks like we have about eight in your area. Let me. Yes. Let me get the closest one to you. Do you prefer drive-through or does walking matter?
Oh, good.
we can do a drive-through.
A drive-through? OK. That's be just up the road from you. And do you want to write down this address or do you want me to send it in a text?
you can send it in a text.
OK. Give me just a second here. Yeah, it's actually just six nine four Main Street so that's really close to you.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Yeah. I don't blame you for the drive-through either cuz I don't like to get out of my vehicle when I go to the ATM. All right. That is on the way to you. did you have any other questions for me?
Yes. I would like to find out how much my withdrawal limit is. Since I am in Vegas I will be doing some gambling.
Oh no. Oh OK. I got you. Let me pull it looks so it looks like your daily withdrawal limit is set at two hundred dollars. Is that going to be OK for you?
it can be but is there a way that we can increase that?
I can. It'll just be for today. It's a security measure type of a thing. I can increase it up to it looks like what your activity is. Yeah, it looks like I can increase it to eight hundred for the day. Is that better?
Oh yes. That is much better. Thank you.
Absolutely. Give me just a second. We'll get that set. All right. You are good to head there. And rate to eight hundred dollars. OK. And did you have any other questions for me?
Oh yes and how much is my balance?
It looks like your balance is sitting out at eight excuse me. Not eight hundred. Eight thousand nine hundred fifty-eight dollars and sixty-two cents.
That's not too bad.
Not too bad at all especially for being in Vegas.
Oh yes.
If you don't mind me saying. How long are you there for?
about a week.
A week? No.
No.
little invitation to a wedding so.
I was just gonna say business or pleasure but it looks like you answered that. Is it a family wedding?
No a friend of mine.
A friend? Nice. Very nice. Are you in the wedding or are you just?
Yeah.
I am just there in the background.
Just a support system? Very nice. Very nice. And you there you're there for a week. That sounds like a fantastic time.
Yes.
Oh one more question.
Yes.
If I let's say happen not spend too much money, do the ATMs take cash deposits back?
Oh yeah. Absolutely. If you don't spend all your money you can pull right back up to the ATM. Just follow the prompts and you can deposit that money right back in there. It is fantastic. You can actually deposit checks too.
Oh. Well, isn't that nice?
Yeah. It's pretty convenient. All right. any other questions for me today Mr. Smith?
No, not at the moment.
OK. I appreciate your patience and you have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you.
Good evening, thank you for calling Intel Banking hotline, how may I help you?
Hi yes, I'm interested in doing a wire transfer.
sure, not a problem. May I have your first and last name please?
Of course. Mariah's my first name, Carey's my last.
OK Miss Mariah. may I have your date of birth please?
You may, it's eleven eleven nineteen seventy.
OK Miss Mariah, that's great. is there any way you can verify either your account number or your social security number for me please?
Yes, I can give you my account number.
OK, go ahead.
Four six one three five six.
OK. Perfect. And for security purposes, may you please provide me with either your mother's maiden name or a maybe a street you grew up on?
Of course, I can give you the street.
OK please.
The street is Chariot Circle.
Perfect. OK so you said you're interested in doing a wire transfer, is that correct?
That's right.
Perfect. OK, may I please have the withdrawal bank account number that you're gonna be doing this transaction with. Was that the five six one I believe you said? The ending of it?
Yes. The three five six?
Yes.
Yes.
Perfect, OK. And how much money are you willing. Are you willing, I apologize. How much money are you going to withdraw from that account to to the wire transfer?
Seventy-five hundred.
OK, that's not a problem. And will this wire transfer be domestic or international?
Domestic.
Perfect. OK, well now I just need two more pieces of information regarding this fire transfer.
OK.
I'll need the deposit routing number for the account the money is going to.
OK, whenever you're ready.
I'm ready.
OK, it's zero zero one one two three four one nine one.
Thank you so much. May I also have the deposit account number please?
Of course. It is four four five five six six seven seven nine six.
OK thank you so much Mrs. Mariah Carey. OK, I just wanted to see. Let me just go ahead and get this in my computer and just give me one brief moment while I put this in and make sure everything goes through.
You got it.
Thank you so much for your patience.
No problem.
OK Mrs. Mariah Carey, I was able to get that wire transfer done for you. Do you have any other questions? Or any concerns?
Yes I was actually wondering because I wanted to come by and stop on in but I wasn't sure of the nearest branch towards I couldn't find the nearest branch to my location of my residence.
Oh that's not a problem, I can help you. I apologize, you know how kids can be. What was that question again, I apologize. Can you repeat that?
I just wanted to find the nearest branch to my location of residence.
Oh sure, not a problem Miss Mariah Carey. May I please have your address starting with the your street.
Of course. It's forty-seven sixty Chariot Circle and the city is Green Acres. State, Florida. My ZIP code is three three four six three.
Awesome, Thank you much Mrs. McCarey, you're right on the ball.
You're welcome.
OK Miss McCare. Miss Mariah Carey. Sorry. It could be a little like, tongue twister sometimes.
It's OK, I get that a lot.
My apologies.
No problem.
OK, so Miss Mariah Carey there are four local branches near your home. The closest one is about ten miles, is that OK?
Yes, it's perfect.
OK, that's great. what exactly did you need? Did you say you wanted the business hours, is that correct?
Yes! You actually read my mind.
OK, perfect. the business hours for that location that's ten miles away from your home is Monday through Friday from eight to six P. Eight eight a.m. to six p.m. and Saturdays and Sundays they are open from twelve p.m. to five p.m..
Perfect. Now I did hear that. My cousin told me that your bank offers ATM walk-in services, is that true?
That is correct. At that location I just gave you the that's about ten miles away from your home, that one offers ATM drive-ups and as well as walk-throughs for twenty-four hours so you can drive up in your vehicle or if you want to walk out you can. And just make sure you have your debit card handy, that's how you're able to access the building with After the hours are our bank is closed. But you will have access to the ATM that's available to our customers for twenty-four hours.
Perfect, thank you thank you thank you so much.
You're welcome. Oh I just realized, I didn't give you the address for our location. For the one closest to your home. Would you like to have the address?
Can I just run and grab my pen and paper? Give me one minute please.
Not a problem Miss Mariah Carey.
OKs darling I'm back.
All right, perfect. Thank you so much, that was. You're nice and prompt. OK I'll go ahead and give you the address so are you ready?
Yes.
OK the address is eleven never ninety Avenue Lane.
Perfect.
And that's in Florida.
Yes.
And the city is in Green Acres.
oh! Thank you.
not a problem. And like I stated, the ATMs are available for you to use twenty-four hours. They have a drive-thru one and as well as if you want to get out of your vehicle, you can go in. Just make sure you have your debit card available to do so.
Perfect. Thank you, thank you, thank you so much.
Not a problem Ms. Mariah Carey. Is there anything else I could help you with this evening?
No.
That was everything I had wondered, and you answered everything perfectly.
Awesome, I'm so glad I was able to assist you today.
Thank you so much.
Not a problem, you have yourself a great evening.
You have a great day yourself.
Thank you for being a customer with Intel Banking, have a great day.
You too, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank this is Cathy, how may I help you?
Hi this is Laura Winters, I called a few days ago about paying bills from my account but there seems to be a problem doing that, so I'm calling back to figure it out.
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that I will go ahead and take a look at your account and see if I can figure out what's going on. What is your account number please?
Four one two five four seven two three zero.
Excellent, thank you so much Miss Winters and before we do discuss your account in detail I do need to ask for your security question. Who was your first grade teacher?
Mr Morrison.
Thank you so much Miss Winters. So I do see here it looks like you only have a savings account with us unfortunately you are not able to pay bills out of a savings account you would need to establish a checking in order to pay bills.
Oh yes that's right, that's what they were saying the other day I knew it was something.
So would you like to establish a checking account with us today then Miss Winters?
yes but I first have a few questions about it I think that there was interest on the checking account is that right?
Yes there is and in fact right now is an excellent time to be asking about a checking account because we do have a six month promotion currently the first five hundred dollars in your savings account will earn a higher interest rate of zero point five per cent after which it will then be at our regular checking rate which is zero point zero one per cent.
Oh great OK thank you that's very helpful. So how do I start my set up my checking account how do I get started with that?
I will just need to verify information from you so if you don't mind now I'll just need to ask you a few questions. If you could please verify for me again your first and last name.
Laura Winters.
Thank you so much and if I could also have you verify your date of birth for me please.
April fifth, nineteen fifty-five.
Thank you and if I could also please have your full social security number please.
OK it's three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven. Yes that's right eight five seven seven.
Excellent thank you and if I could also have you verify your address please?
Nine eight seven South Pappa Drive that's with two P's. Pueblo Colorado eight one zero one three.
Wonderful and if I could also have you verify your phone number on file please?
It's seven one nine two one five two six nine nine.
Alrighty, thank you so much So, now that we are adding a checking account we will need to add an additional security question to your account we do have a couple of different options that you can select from such as what street did you grow up on or what was the name of your first pet, do either of these options interest you?
I like what street did I grow up on.
Excellent and what would the answer to that question be for you?
Saint Johnson Street.
Alrighty so that is all of the information that I needed to establish that checking account give me a moment and I'll input that into my system here.
OK this helps a lot. So, this is improving my day a lot how's your day going?
Oh that's very good to hear my day is wonderful so far. How is your day?
Oh it was pretty good only it's been a long busy day and so I've been scrubbing cupboards and my back kinda hurts but other than that and that I needed to pay some bills and now I think I'm gonna be able to do that so I'm I think my day is getting better and better and we get along.
Well I'm very glad to hear that we can help make your day better. All righty so, I was able to get everything input into the system would you like any assistance with establishing online banking with us?
maybe I'll do it a different time right now I'm I'm just happy to have the checking account.
Excellent well thank you so much and thank you for your interest in banking with us I'm so happy that we were able to add some additional help to your life. it's there anything else that I'm able to help you with today, Ms. Winters?
no thank you I think I'm all set thank you so much.
Alrighty thank you so much for calling Intellibank and you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Joshua, how may I be of service?
Hello good morning Joshua, my name is Amber Rose and I'm calling because I want to close down my account.
OK missus Amber thank you for calling Intellibank. you wanted to close your account. Why? What happened?
OK Joshua basically the charges and fees in your bank is so much, so I want to move my account to HSBC.
OK that's not a good one. We hate to lose customers. We like to keep our customers and give them the best and excellent service.
is there anyway I can help you to convince you not to close those accounts?
Oh no. Not at all. Not at all.
So you've already made up your mind to get your banking services from another bank?
Yes I have.
OK, All right then. I would like to get some few information from you.
Can I go ahead?
Yes, please. You can. You can go ahead.
Alright Mrs. Amber Rose. can I have your full name please?
My name is Amber Dalingtin.
OK I'm guessing Rose is your middle name.
Yes please Amber Rose Dalingtin.
OK. What side are you calling from?
I'm calling from Ohio.
OK Can I have your date of birth please?
Fourteenth of April nineteen ninety one.
OK ma OK. Can I have your account number?
Zero eight two four. One seven nine three three four. I'm gonna take it again. Zero eight two four, one seven nine, three three four.
OK ma. Thank you, am checking my system to see the details on your account.
OK, I'll be waiting.
Alright so can I, get the last four digits of your social security number the one you use on your account?
Four seven two three. I'm taking that again. Four seven, two three.
OK, Mrs. Amber. that's correct. So I like to ask you a few security questions So that I can So that I can start the process of closing the account. Mind you this account closure is going to take about forty-eight hours to close and to transfer your money to your account of choice. OK. So I would like to ask you few security questions. can I have your mother's maiden name, please?
My moder's maiden name is. Stonecold.
OK Stonecold that's correct. Alright. The account you like to. Transfer the money to your balance. Do you want me to tell your your balance first?
Yes please.
OK you have nineteen thousand eight, twenty dollars. Did you get that?
Yes I did.
Nineteen thousand eight twenty dollars and two cents.
Yes it does tally with what I'm I have in my record.
OK, thank your ma'am. OK. The bank you want to transfer the money to what bank is it?
HSBC.
OK the account is it savings or checkings?
It's a checkings account.
OK Can I have the account number?
OK. Zero seven two, four eight three four. Five seven seven. I'm going to take that again. Zero seven two. Four eight three four. Five seven seven.
OK Mrs. Amber, and I like to get the deposit routing number.
OK. Nine two one one. Five three, two eight seven. Did you get that?
No please can could you take that again please?
Nine two. One one. Five three. Two eight nine copy that?
Yeah I I copy that. So am we're gonna be removing your remaining balance to the account Can we get the account name?
Amber Rose Darlington.
Oh so you already have an account with HSBC.
Yes I do.
OK. I get that. Alright missus Amber. . This it's gonna take. Twenty four to forty eight hours to complete and I'm going to send you an email containing a form to fill to, close your account. Is that OK by you?
Yes that's perfect.
OK. Can I have your email address?
Central amber at Gmail dot com.
OK. OK. OK. Thank you. Alright, will that be all please?
Yes that will be all thank your very much.
Alright.
Would you like me to tell your about our other products?
Oh that won't be necessary since I'm closing down my account.
OK missus Amber. Do have a wonderful day.
You too, have a nice day bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy, my sister just called me to ask to borrow her some money. So, I'd like to transfer transfer some money into her account.
OK I'll be happy to help you with that. What is you full name and date of birth?
George Emory. September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you George and your phone number.
It's six one two two two nine three nine zero nine and just in case you need it, my email is G Emory at Hotmail dot com.
Thank you.
George, verify for me, the last four of your social and your mother's maiden name.
Four four eight one, and her name was Smith.
And your account number please?
it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Thank you George. Is this the account that you'll be using to transfer funds from today?
Yes.
All right and what is your sister's account number? Is this and is she also banking with us?
Yes she has an Intellibank checking account.
OK. I'm ready for that number.
It's seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Thank you. How much did you wanna transfer to her?
I'd like to transfer her, thirteen hundred dollars.
Thirteen hundred OK. so please confirm, George Emory is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of one thousand three hundred dollars, from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven to his sister's Intellibank checking account
number seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is this correct?
Yes.
In just a moment I'll have a transaction ID number for you.
Sure thing. How's your day going, Daisy?
Oh, so far so good. Been keeping busy all day. How bout you?
it was going pretty good but then my sister only just talk to me after a few weeks of nothing just ask to borrow money, you know how it is with family.
Yeah, it's nice that you could be that blessing for her though. I have your transaction ID number.
Oh OK, I'm ready.
Nine nine one seven six two nine. Your beginning balance on this account was four thousand two hundred sixty three dollars and fifty-three cents. Now your remaining balance is two thousand nine hundred sixty dollars and fifty-three cents.
Great, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes actually, I would like to open an account.
OK what kind of an account?
I'd like to open a savings account.
All right, we a couple different savings account options.
is this account for you or for a child?
For me.
OK, we have the interest baring account for those who keep a minimum daily balance of ten thousand dollars or we have the flex savings account which has no minimum daily balance and carries a services fee of three dollars and ninety-nine cents a month.
I would like to do the flex savings account.
OK. One moment while I export your personal information into this new account. I will still need you to verify the most critical pieces for me. What is your date of birth?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And your full social.
Sure it's four two one three eight four four eight one.
And you can chose from three security questions. Would you like us to use your mother's maiden name, your first pet name or the street you grew up on?
I wanna use my first pets name which is Wink.
Spell that please?
W I N K.
Thank you.
And I have a savings account number for you if you'd like to write it down.
yup, I'm ready.
It's zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
Zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
And how would you like to fund this account?
From my checking account.
All right and how much would you like to put into your savings account?
Let's do five hundred.
Five hundred dollars, all right.
And one moment while I gather the information. Please confirm for me George George Emory is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of five hundred dollars, from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven to his brand new savings account number zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
Yes.
OK, it'll be just a moment and I will have a transaction number for you.
OK. I have that number.
OK.
The transaction is nine two two one nine.
Nine two two one nine, got it.
And your final balance on your checking account today is two thousand four hundred sixty dollars and fifty-three cents. And of course your savings account now has five hundred dollars.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it.
OK thanks for calling George and have a great day.
You too bye.
Bye now.
Hi thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Nova and how may I assist you today?
Oh hey Nova how are you doing? That's an unusual name it's beautiful though!
Oh well thank you so much ma'am! And I am doing just fine how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty well actually we finally just got done with our move so I guess I need to update my street address with you now. we moved all the way from Washington state down to Jacksonville Florida we were getting pretty tired of the cold and the rain and hoping for some beautiful sunshine down here .
Oh it is absolutely beautiful down in Jacksonville I grew up not too awfully far probably about an hour away from there.
Oh really?
Yes ma'am I sure did now may I get a little bit of information from you so I can pull up your account please?
Yeah absolutely what do you need?
Let's start off with your name your first and last name please.
Sure it's Sandra Osborne O S B O R N E.
All right Miss Osborne thank you for that. May I also have your date of birth?
Yeah absolutely it's November the eighteenth nineteen fifty-five.
All right so November the eighteenth nineteen fifty-five. Now may I have your driver's licence number?
Sure it is sorry I've got it right here in front of me I just got it changed to a Florida license. it's R like rover six nine five five eight five two zero four four zero.
All right ma'am so that was R as in rover six nine five five eight five two zero four four zero.
Yes ma'am that's correct.
Thank you for that information Miss Osborne and I do see we had a security question on file for you may I have your first pet's name?
Yeah it's Cashew the Chameleon.
Oh that's very interesting Cashew the Chameleon I know my niece came and stayed with us last summer and up until then I honestly never saw much point in having any reptiles as pets but she actually had a couple of chameleons that she brought with her and they are the most interesting little boogers to watch!
Yeah they sure are aren't they!
Yes ma'am! All right now may I please have your account number?
Yeah sure oh God I'm so sorry. My checkbook is in the other room would you mind hanging on just for a second so I can go and grab that?
Yes ma'am that is no problem whatsoever just let me know when you're back.
OK thank you sorry!
OK I'm back are you still there?
Yes ma'am I sure am do you have that account number?
Oh I sure do it is one nine eight five five five eight two three.
All right I have one nine eight five five five eight two three?
Yup that is correct!
All right Miss Osbourne thank you so much and I am ready to go ahead and update that street address for you. What is your new address?
We live at three thirty-seven Armory Road which is A R M O R Y Road in Jacksonville Florida.
All right so three thirty-seven Armory A R M O R Y Road in Jacksonville Florida?
Yup that's correct!
All right well thank you so much for that information ma'am I do have it all updated. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
yeah yeah while I have you on the phone my friend was telling me about the money-back card that you guys have. Could you give me a little bit of information about that?
All right ma'am I think she might have been referring to our cashback card does that sound correct?
Oh yeah yeah sorry about that cashback card!
That's no problem Miss Osborne it is actually a wonderful card you get three percent cash back on all everyday purchases and once approved you do get a very low APR of eight point nine nine percent.
Oh really well that sounds great actually I think I'm going to talk with my husband and see if that's something we'd been interested in.
All right well that sounds great Miss Osborne I was gonna say that we can go ahead and get you all applied today but if you need to speak with your husband first I completely understand.
Yeah thank you for that!
All right is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that'll do it. Thank you so much for your help today Nova!
Yes ma'am Miss Osborne. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and you have a wonderful day!
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Cathy, how can I help you today?
Hi, this is Laura Winters. I was trying to pay some bills, and some went through but the rest didn't. And I know I double checked all the numbers and the information was correct and it was. What's going on?
I am so sorry to hear about that. if you can provide me your account number, I'll be more than happy to look it up and see what's going on.
OK, it's four one two five four seven two three zero.
All right thank you so much.
And before we do discuss that account, what was the name of your first grade teacher please?
Mr Morrison.
Thank you so much Miss Winters .
So let's see here I think I might know what the issue is. Let me just go ahead and double check your account history.
All right. Unfortunately it does look like because you have only a savings account with us and not a checking, the reason why the reminder of your bills were not able to clear the account is due to what's known as regulation D .
you are prohibited from making more than six transactions out of your savings accounts when you are not physically present to sign for them. This is unfortunately a federal regulation so that is why you were not able to.
Is that six six transactions in a month?
Yes, six transactions within a month out of your savings account you are unable to do.
Oh, my daughter just moved in so there are some new bills.
something that may be helpful to you if you are interested in opening a checking account with us, you are able to make more than the six transactions out of a checking account
Oh, yes a checking account would be very helpful.
OK, what would I need to do? What information or .
so in order to establish a checking account either you can come by our branch in person, or I can start the process over the phone here with you.
I'll just need to collect and verify some information and then we'll prepare the paperwork, and have you come by our branch to sign for it.
OK, what information do you need?
All right, first and foremost if I could have you re-verify for me your first and last name.
Laura Winters.
Thank you, and I will also need your date of birth please.
four five, that's April fifth nineteen fifty-five.
Excellent, thank you so much. And if I could please also have your full social security number.
Three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven.
Thank you. And if I could also have you verify the address on file please.
Sure. It's nine eight seven South Papa Drive, Pueblo Colorado eight one zero one three.
Perfect, thank you so much.
And so it looks you are you, we are able to definitely add that checking account for you. just as a final step we will need you to select an additional security question for your account. You will just use this whenever you call in to verify your identity. I have a list of a couple of different options you can pick from some of the popular ones are what was your mother's maiden name? what was the name of your first pet? What city or town did you meet your spouse in? What was the name of the street you grew up on? And what was the name of the grade school that you attended? Would you like to use any one of these options?
let's see, I think I'll go with what street did you grow up on.
Excellent, and what would the answer to that be?
Saint Johnson Street.
Wonderful.
All right, so it does look like I have everything that I need here. All we will need to do now is give us about thirty or so more minutes, and then we will have the paperwork ready for you to come and sign.
Well I have a couple of questions first.
Oh, absolutely. What are those questions?
Well I wanted to know how to order cheques from the credit union.
Oh actually we are a bank not a credit union. But it's rather simple, you can just call us and we can order cheques on your behalf or if you go onto our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com you can select from the top banner services and you will be able to select cheques, and you can order online there.
Oh OK. Yes of course I should know, sorry, that it's the bank not a credit union. So how much are cheques?
Actually for our members cheques are absolutely free.
Oh free, that's wonderful. So how soon do I need to come in to do this?
so we will have the paperwork ready within probably about the next thirty minutes for you, but it's really up to you when you come in there's no pressure. Just when ever is next convenient for you.
Oh good, cuz there's snow forecast and I don't like to drive out in the snow if I can help it. So I will look at the weather report and figure out when I'm coming in based on that.
So, how do you like this kind of weather? Does the snow bother you too ?
actually I rather like the snow, I get very excited for winter every year. Getting to bundle up and spend time with some family but I can so understand the caution that you need whenever you're traveling in the snow. I would definitely keep an eye on the forecast too.
Yes, I'll do that. Well thank you, I really appreciate your help today and I'll be in when I get in.
Absolutely, thank you so much for calling Intellibank I hope you have a wonderful day and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Hello, my name is Mike, welcome to Intellibank. How may I help you?
yes hey my name is James. I'm trying to locate the nearest branch. Toward me or near me.
And and also what are the hours of that branch?
OK sir, I can help you with that. What is your current address?
well I'm near, let me see, I think I'm near Brazos and Congress Avenue.
Wait, no no no no no, that's not right it's Congress and Brodie Avenue.
And what city is this in sir?
Hold on just a moment, I just flew into town. oh my.
.
Have you ever just kind of forgotten where you are? It's just a.
It's really strange sometimes. I fly all the time and here I can't even tell you the city right now.
Have you ever forgotten anything?
no sir, I've never forgotten what what what city I live in. but I understand sir. You you're new to this city?
Well yes, this is my anyway no I flew into Denver, I'm sorry so so yes. I'm in Denver, had to just go look at my ticket stub about where I just landed, sorry.
That's no problem sir and the state is Colorado, I presume?
yes, Denver is in Colorado, I do know that.
OK, one moment sir.
So in and around the area sir of Congress and Brodie Avenue there is a Intellibank ATM about one mile down the road from Brodie Avenue.
the withdrawal limit of the Intellibank ATMs is one thousand dollars and there is not a withdrawal fee.
And then there's another bank near your location about a mile and a half down the road on Congress
And that is not an Intellibank ATM. That is a Sunrise Bank's ATM.
With a withdrawal limit of five hundred dollars and a two dollar fee if you're not a member.
And in regards to your our your hours question sir, our hours for the branch locations are eight to four eight a.m. to four p.m. sir.
OK, so these are branches with ATMs. OK, I gotcha.
OK.
That's perfect.
Would like any further information about online banking so you can check your accounts more conveniently in the future?
no, I just needed the location.
Yes sir, is there anything else I can do for you?
no, that's it. I do thank you.
Thank you sir. thank you for calling bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. Yes I have family coming over this weekend I want to I want to close an account and transfer of that funds to my new account.
All right sir, before I can complete your request I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information.
All right.
All right, can I have your first and last name, please?
First name Dale. Last name Walker.
All right Mr. Walker, can I have your date of birth?
Yes. Ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four.
ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
And sir can I have your driver's license number for authentication?
Driver's license number six one nine five two four nine six nine.
You stated six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes.
All right sir that's what we have on file here. And for account security can I have the location of your childhood address?
yes I have two I used to have two locations first one is thirty-five oh seven Riverdale Street and the one and and and and the next one that I have is thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane.
All right sir what we have on file here is thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane. So for future reference that's the one we have we'll be asking for security.
All right.
OK sir and you said that you wanted to close an account and open a new account?
Yeah. Yes.
OK. So can I ask you which account type was that? Savings or checking?
it's checking.
All right sir so you wanna close out your checking account?
Yes.
could you give me that account number please?
Yes five one four three three six seven zero seven oh.
OK sir you said five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
Yes.
All right could you give me a minute while I look up that account?
Yes, yes.
OK Mr. Walker your current balance is two thousand four hundred and fifty-four dollars so your gonna close out this account and make a transfer. That's the full amount we're gonna have to transfer for you.
All right.
And could you repeat the reason that you wanted to close this account out?
Well I've just been getting too many fees.
Oh, Oh, I'm sorry about that sir. They usually come with fees so it's hard to to utilize that and get past that on some accounts.
Make that count.
I need lesser fees.
so that account that you're going to transfer to can you give me the routing number for that deposit account?
yes. It's two four one eight eight two one six zero.
OK let me repeat that back to you for clarity. Two four one eight eight two one six zero?
Yes.
All right sir and we're you going to transfer to a checking or savings account?
Transfer
This to a savings.
OK so you're gonna put that into savings at this other bank?
Yes.
OK and what's the deposit account number for that?
Yes it's four nine three zero five six five four six oh.
OK that sir that number was four five four nine three excuse me zero five six five four six zero?
Yes, that it.
OK, sir, give me one moment while I make that process this request for you.
OK.
Take your time. Wow, I'm going to my son wedding this weekend. Guess he getting guess he's getting some married. So what about you? What's your plan? Are you getting married too?
No sir, I'm already married. Been married for about twenty years now.
Oh man, how's that going?
Oh it's going pretty good.
You must have a darn good husband.
Oh sure do. And he has a darn good wife as well.
so sir I've already processed this account request for you. it should take about twenty-four hours for this to actually show in that next account. as this is processing you won't be able to use your debit card or credit card that's attached to this account. So we'll send you out a notice to let you know when to shred those cards and make sure that all that data is not just laying around the house. is there anything else I could do for you today sir?
All right.
no, that's about it. That's about it. I don't think there's anything else right now.
All right thank you so much sir. Thank you Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your day too ma'am.
Thank you sir. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank today. How may I help you?
Hi. I was wondering how I can make payments to my other accounts.
Oh sure. No problem. First, I will gather some information for you. Can I have your name and date of birth, please?
OK. My name is Charlyn . And my date of birth is on the twenty ninth of December nineteen ninety.
All right. And can I have your account number, please?
OK. My account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right. Thank you so much for that.
Let's see. What is the dollar amount that you like to transfer?
two-hundred dollars.
All right.
And is your other account with Intellibank?
Yes it is.
All right. So in this case, we'll be making an internal transfer. So can I have your withdrawal bank account number again?
just a minute let me check it.
Sure.
OK.
.
yes.
OK. Seven five five four eight six three three
OK.
Oh one.
All right, thank you. And can I get your deposit bank account number? So this. The account number that you will deposit it. The money into.
All right.
Four two five five one three nine two seven two.
All right, thank you so much for that.
OK.
And how is your day going?
Oh, it's going great, thank you. How is your day?
It's it's also good.
Oh that's great to hear.
Yeah.
All right. So I do see that you have one thousand dollars as your account balance. And I would like to confirm That the amount that you would like to withdrawal is two hundred dollars?
Uh-huh.
Yes, it is.
OK.
So I will go ahead and make that transfer now for you.
OK.
And do you have return cards?
return, do you mean rewards cards?
Yeah that one.
yes we do. We offer rewards cards and you could look up more information online on our website. And you could also apply to one on there.
Oh. OK.
Yeah. So, I'm currently making the transfer. This will take one second.
Uh-huh.
And may I know how long it'll take to transfer?
so the other person should receive it in about one week.
Oh. That's the minimum, or the maximum?
that should be the minimum. It should take at least one week. It can take up to two weeks.
information.
Oh. OK.
And how will you know. How will I know the amount has already been transferred?
Yes.
So you will get an email once it has been initiated. And then you will get another email once the transfer has been completed.
Oh. OK.
yeah so I see that the transfer went through. You should get an email shortly. Confirming that.
Uh-huh.
And it should arrive within one to two weeks to your other account.
Oh. OK.
And did you want help with anything else today?
that was it.
All right sounds good. Take care.
OK. You too.
Hello. And thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Stephanie. How may I help you?
Hello. I'm calling to check my account balance.
I think that I over spent.
I went shopping this weekend. I have a three year old nephew who's birthday was this weekend. His name is Tommy.
And he love's cars. I took him to the car muse~, car museum here, and it was very es~, special. But he, he's worth it.
Do you like cars?
Yes. I enjoy driving cars on the road here in my city.
Where do you live?
I live in San Diego, California.
Oh. How nice. I used to live there long ago.
But it's very beautiful. First, OK first can I have a location of an ATM near me, please?
you said that you need the location of an ATM. Is that up, is that correct?
No ma'am.
check my account balance.
Oh, you want to check your account balance? OK.
let me see here. Can I have your first and last name?
Jimmy Henderson.
OK. And can I have your date of birth, please?
April twenty-third nineteen eighty three.
OK. Thank you. Can I have the last four digits of your social, for your security purposes?
I don't want to give my social.
OK. No problem. Can I have your account number?
No. I do not have a, have my account number. I'm sorry. Wait, yes I do. It's two three oh four five three.
OK. Thank you. And for your security code, can I have your mother's maiden name, please?
Trumans.
Trumans. OK. Thank you. So you stated that you'd like to check your account balance. Is that correct?
Yes please.
OK. And the account that you are inquiring about, is it your checkings or your savings account?
It's going to my checking account.
Four five four. Three three. Two one.
OK.
And I do see your checking account balance is six thousand four hundred fifty-three dollars and twenty-seven cents.
OK. Thank you. Also can I have the due date on my credit card bill?
OK. I will check your credit card payment due date. Give me one second to pull up that information.
OK. So I. So I do have your billing, your payment due date. It looks like it's due on October nineteenth.
Twenty twenty-one.
Oh OK. Thank you.
excuse.
Oh, yes?
I have a question. Like how's the weather down there now? It's been a long time since I been down there weather of this time of year. How does it feel?
Mm, the weather is nice. it's very cloudy today. We might get a little bit of rain. but overall the weather has been very nice.
so I do have your account ba~, che~, b~, your banking account balanced checked for you.
and I did provide you the due date for your credit card. now there is online banking that will allow you to check your account balance.
and also make your credit card bill statements. Would you like to know more about our online banking?
Yes. Thank you.
OK. So our online banking tool is very convenient for most of our customers.
it allows you to check your account balance in all of your accounts. It also allows you to make transfers whether it be internal, local, or domestic.
you can pay bills with your online banking. you can do all sorts of things. Send money to family.
you can also locate where ATMs are, with our online banking tool menu. You can just go to Intellibank dot com. and all of the information there will be provided.
OK. Thank you.
All right. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No. Not at the moment.
Thank you for all your help. And have a blessed day.
OK. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank. Again, my name is Stephanie. Have a great day.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Carl. How may I help you?
Hey Carl, it's Tanya Bishop. How's it going?
I'm doing well, how are you doing today Tanya?
Oh
I'm very excited. I bought a new house.
Oh, congratulations!
Thank you very much.
how may I help you?
well, I'm still going to stay customer with you guys cuz I love you so much, everybody knows me there, especially when I drive in and I I don't know where you are located but I love our local bank.
OK.
Where are you located?
I'm on Main Street in downtown Heber, Montana.
I go I go to the other one.
OK.
on the on the corner of Heber Avenue and Peek-a-Boo Street. It's kind of funny, yeah.
Oh.
On the corner of Heber Avenue and Peek-a-Boo Street?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yep.
Oh. That's a nice branch isn't it?
Yep.
Yeah, it's kind of small and. Sorry, it's like family branch. So yeah I just love I just love Trish when she's on the outside window and when I drive by it's like oh it's just great. Anyway, so.
Got it.
OK, so what do we need to do? We need to.
we gotta change my address.
OK. Alright, so. Give me your your birthdate.
birthday is January first nineteen seventy-eight.
a New Year's baby, huh?
Yeah yeah.
Yeah? Alright and your current address?
so the old address is two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
OK.
Heber, Montana, nine one zero one one.
Alright, and I have that and that's the address that we have on your account. so the last four of your social security for security purposes?
It's three four one one.
Three four one one, OK that checks out. OK. So how we have the two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
Yes.
So, what is your new address?
my new address it is two nine one two.
Two nine one two.
Saddleback Road.
Saddleback Road.
Heber, Montana.
Heber, Montana.
And
Then nine the same ZIP code.
Nine one zero one one?
Yes.
OK. Alright. So I have gone and updated your address there.
OK.
And is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
So
Anything that you guys send me is just going to go from now on to my new address? OK.
To your new address. Correct.
OK.
As of right now any new mailings any new statements anything like that will go to your new address.
OK.
Cuz I've been calling all morning to you know, I got to change everything and it's like Oh my gosh! Who have I missed?
Got it. Are you did you buy your home or are you renting?
Yeah.
Yeah I bought it.
Did you use our mortgage?
I did.
Good, I'm glad.
I did, yeah, you guys are on it, it was just you know, easy on your side, easy on my side. And it's just it was a very smooth transaction.
Alright, perfect.
Yeah, I'm excited.
Good. Well is there anything else I can assist you with today?
no actually that's all.
OK.
Yeah.
Well, thank you for calling Intellibank. And we appreciate you being a customer.
Yeah, thank you. I'll stop by again. Maybe I'll come say hello at the Main Street office.
All right.
All right, sounds good.
All right, thanks.
All right. You have
A wonderful day.
You too, bye.
All right, bye.
Hi! Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Anna. How may I assist you today?
Hi Anna how are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well and how about yourself?
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. I'm actually calling to see if I could check my account balance please.
Sure no problem ma'am first may I have your name please? First and last .
Sure it's Julie Chavez C H A V as in Victor E Z.
All right Miss Chavez and I have that spelled C H A V as in Victor E Z is that correct?
Yes ma'am that's correct.
Thank you so much for that information and Miss Chavez may I also have your date of birth?
Absolutely it is three eighteen sixty-six.
All right I have March eighteenth nineteen sixty-six is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
Thank you so much for that information Miss Chavez and may I also have your driver's license number please?
Sure! It's three four five four six five nine five one.
OK I have three four five four six five nine five one was that correct?
Yes ma'am.
All right thank you so much for that information and one last thing I do have a security question on file for you. The question is what is the name of your first pet?
Oh my goodness my husband actually set that up Is . I'm trying to think I'm sorry. Is it Spot?
No ma'am unfortunately that's incorrect.
oh Was it Cash?
No ma'am unfortunately that was an incorrect answer as well.
Oh goodness I am going to have to ask him about that is there maybe another question on file?
No ma'am unfortunately there's not and without that correct answer I would actually be unable to access your account over the phone. Is there something else I can help you with?
Oh that's OK and yes ma'am could you actually help me find a branch location near me and also what are their operating hours?
Sure Miss Chavez I'll be more than happy to check on that for you . May I have the street address where you are at?
Sure it's nine three three Brighton Circle.
All right I have nine three three Brighton B R I G H T O N Circle was that correct?
Yes ma'am.
Thank you so much for that information and what city please ma'am?
That's in Ripley.
All right I have Ripley R I P L E Y?
Yes ma'am.
Thank you so much and what state is that in Miss Chavez ?
We're in Mississippi.
All right thank you so much again for that information Miss Chavez. Just one moment while I pull up this information for you.
OK sure no problem.
All right Miss Chavez I did find a branch location near you the address will be at seven seventy-three Clay Street C L A Y Street that is in Ripley Mississippi.
OK great thank you that is seven seventy-three Clay Street that's actually not too far from me so that's great and what were the hours?
Well they actually do have extended hours at this location they are open from nine a.m. until seven p.m. Monday through Saturday.
OK nine until seven that's absolutely perfect for me I get off at work at five so that's great I'm glad y'all have those.
Yes ma'am I know it helps out a lot of people. is there anything else that I could help you with today Miss Chavez ?
No ma'am. thank you very much you've been very helpful!
Well thank you so very much for calling Intellibank Miss Chavez and you have a wonderful day.
Thank you.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes, hey Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I would like to update my phone number as well as a wire transfer please.
I'll be glad to help you with that Miss Richards. How's the day going today?
Oh the day's going pretty good. How about you?
Terrific, terrific. It is happy to help you and assist you with your updating your phone number and wire transfer. I just need to confirm some information for you. if you would Miss Richards, what's your date of birth?
It's eleven eleven eighty-four.
And what is your account number?
OK, my account number is nine eight four six five nine.
OK, terrific. And and Miss Richards, if you would just for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez. Thank you for that Ms. Richards. And if I could ask what you wanted to update? Is it your home phone number or your cell phone number?
I wanna update my home phone number.
OK. And what did you wanna change that too Miss Richards?
OK. I wanna change that to four seven eight three six one eight oh three one.
OK. That number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one?
Yes.
Terrific. And I believe we've got that updated for you Miss Richards.
And can I do this update online?
Absolutely Miss Richards, great question. you can go online with online banking and there you'll be able to update all of your account information including your address, your home phone, cell phone number, you can get your bank statements as well.
Very good. OK, thank you for that.
And is I also recall that you wanted to go ahead and do a wire transfer, is that correct?
Yes, I would like to do a wire transfer to pay a bill.
OK, you wanted to pay a bill? And with which account did you wanna pay that through?
My checking account.
And with the checking account what is that account number? I believe it again?
It is three two eight one seven four six one zero four nine one.
OK. I put that into the system.
And could you repeat that number for me?
OK sure. the account number is three two eight one seven four six one zero four nine one. That's the account number that you'll be sending funds to.
Yes.
OK. And.
I also wanted to update my email address. I don't know which one you have. whether it's E Richards one at mail dot net or Evelyn Richards at mail dot net.
go right yeah it appears we've got Evelyn Richards at mail dot net net.
Yes, that's it, that's correct.
OK. and what is the amount that you wanna transfer?
OK. I'd like to transfer a hundred dollars. cuz I wanna pay a bill, so I wanna pay a hundred dollars to Home Depot.
OK.
Please.
OK. To Home Depot, a hundred dollars. And what is the account number that you're sending it to?
To nine eight four six five nine.
OK. And what is their routing number?
Their routing number is six one zero four nine one.
OK. The routing number is six one zero four nine one. We've got that input for you there Miss Richards for a hundred dollar payment wire transfer to the Home Depot.
Great, thank you so much.
And just so that you know Miss Richards, you can also go online and you're also able to initiate wire transfers right online with our online banking system.
Well that is wonderful. I I that would be very helpful and everything and you know I wanted to just mention the vaccine mandates they have, you know, I'm I'm just concerned about that. but I'm glad that you know, we're getting some things done with the COVID nineteen.
Yes ma'am, I fully understand what you're saying there Miss Richards, I think a lot of folks are are concerned about what's going on with COVID, and all we can do really is just do our best to stay safe.
I agree.
Miss Richards, is there anything else I could help you with?
No, not today.
Well Miss Richards, thanks for calling Intellibank and we certainly do appreciate the business.
You are welcome.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Anne Marie, how may I help you?
Hi Anne Marie. My name is Brian, I'm calling because I want to move money from my savings account to my checking. Is that a service that Intellibank provides over the phone?
OK Brian, I'd be happy to assist you today. I do want to confirm you're aware you've reached Intellibank?
Oh ya, sorry about that, ya Intellibank.
Great yes Intellibank does offer this service over the phone. Let's go ahead and pull up your account. May I have your full name, address and phone number please?
Sure, my name is Brian Hostetler. My address is two eighty-five Minnewashta Way Provincetown Massachusetts my ZIP code is one two eight five four. And my phone number is seven five three two nine zero zero nine one eight.
Thank you. And then what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you. And can you verify your drivers license number for me?
Sure can you give me just a minute while I go grab my wallet?
No problem, take your time.
I'll be right back. OK, got it.
Alright, go right ahead.
Alright, the number is X three eight nine zero zero one two five four.
Thank you. OK we've verified your account. Thank you for that. And you'd like to transfer funds from your savings into your checking account?
Yes please.
Alright. And you can you verify these account numbers for me. What is your savings account and checking account numbers?
My savings account number is one one four three seven five two nine eight zero. And my checking account number is two three nine six four five three three zero one.
Thank you. Your savings account balance is nine thousand one hundred and thirty and twenty-one cents. And your checking account balance is three twenty-one oh eight. How much would you like to transfer?
I'd like to transfer it all please.
Oh all of it? Is it your intent to close this account?
No.
Well Brian the provisions of this account do require you to maintain a minimum balance of five hundred at all times. A balance of zero would initiate an automatic closure of account within the system.
Oh OK what if I keep five dollars on my savings? Would that allow me to keep my account open?
Yeah an instance of falling below the minimum but funds remaining in the account would subject you to a two dollars and ninety-nine cents service fee per month.
OK I plan on making a large deposit by the end of the week. But I just really need those funds in my checking account right now. Just be sure if I leave five dollars, my account won't get closed.
That's correct.
All right, then let's move everything except five dollars.
OK one moment while I make that calculation.
So that would be nine thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars and twenty-one cents.
Wow you're quick. One moment while I prepare the transaction.
OK Brian, just to confirm you authorize Intellibank to perform an internal money transfer in the amount of nine thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars and twenty-one cents. This is to be withdrawn from your savings account number one one four three seven five two nine eight zero. And deposited into your checking account number two three nine six four five three three zero one. This internal money transfer may take up to sixty minutes to complete and you will receive an email confirmation once these funds have been transferred. With your permission I will go ahead ahead and submit the internal transfer request.
Yes please submit please.
OK Brian. This'll take just a few seconds to complete. And when it's finished, I will have a confirmation number for you if you'd like to write it down.
Great. So how's it going how's your day going Anne Marie?
It's going good. We're having very fine weather lately. I really love the fall.
Yeah, it's not too hot not too cold. And there's nothing better than bonfires in the fall.
Agreed. OK Brian, I have this transaction number for you. Do you have a pen?
Yes ma'am I'm ready.
OK that number is eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
All right. Eight nine nine one two seven three one two?
Yup.
And then your final balances are your checking account has nine thousand four hundred and forty-six dollars and twenty-nine cents. And your savings of course has five dollar left. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah is this something I could have done online?
Actually yeah, with Intellibank's online banking You can easily set-up a secure internal wire transfer as a one time occurrence or to occur as often as you'd like. I'd be happy to send you an email with further information on how to create that account. The email will include your specific client ID and login info . Can you simply confirm your email for me?
Yeah it's b hoffstetler at hotmail dot com.
b hoffstetler at hotmail dot com. Great.
Yup.
OK I've sent that information upon review please free to contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
OK.
All righty Brian is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that should do it. Thanks so much for all your help.
My pleasure have a great rest of your day.
You too. Thanks.
Bye now.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Ellie, and how may I assist you today?
Hey Ellie, how are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well ma'am, thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
I'm doing great, thank you. the reason I'm calling is I've usually gotten my statement in the mail by now, but it hasn't come, so I'm just calling to see if I could find out some information, maybe find out what's going on?
Yes ma'am, that would not be a problem. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that today. I do need to go ahead and get some information from you though, so I can pull up your account. May I have your first and last name please?
Yeah, sure, it's Dianna, D I A N N A Charles, C H A R L E S.
All right, thank you for that Ms. Charles, and may I also have your date of birth?
Yeah, absolutely. It's August the twenty-second, nineteen ninety-three.
Alright, I have August the twenty-second, nineteen ninety-three. And may I also have your driver's license number?
Yeah, sure. It's R like red, eight six one, seven seven one four, nine seven five three.
Alright Ms. Charles, so that was R as in rover, eight six one, seven seven one four, nine seven five three?
Yes ma'am, that was correct.
Thank you. And I do see we have a security question on file for you. What is the name of your favorite actor?
It's Donnie Yen.
Thank you Ms. Charles, that is correct. And may I have your account number please?
yeah, absolutely. Actually, could I run and grab that information out of the other room? I'm so sorry, you'd think I'd be prepared before I call.
Oh that's not a problem Ms. Charles. Just let me know whenever you're back.
OK, it'll just take one second.
All right.
OK, I'm back. Are you still there?
Yes ma'am, I sure am, did you find that account number?
Yes, I sure did. It is one three four five nine zero, zero nine two.
All right, so that was one three four, five nine zero, zero nine two?
Yes ma'am.
Alright, thank you Ms. Charles. Let's see. I do see where we did attempt to mail out that statement to you, but it was returned saying sender unknown. Have you moved recently by chance?
yeah, actually, I sure did, about three weeks ago. But I went online, and I changed my address, I thought. Maybe I did something wrong and didn't accept it. Oh, goodness only knows with me. I'm so sorry.
That's not a problem ma'am. I'd be more than happy to go ahead and update that address for you if you'd like.
Yeah, yeah, that'd be great, thank you.
Yes ma'am. may I have your new address please?
Sure. It's seven twenty-one, Meadow Drive in East Hartford Connecticut.
All right, so I have seven two one, Meadow M E A D O W Drive in East Hartford H A R T F O R D Connecticut?
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
All right, Ms. Charles, I do have that updated for you. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Yeah, my new statement, it will be mailed to the new address, correct?
Yes ma'am, it sure will. We usually mail those out on the first of the month, so so yes ma'am, we've got that update in plenty of time.
OK, great, thank you.
Yes ma'am Ms. Charles. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
yeah, yeah, actually, while I've got you on the phone. Could I go ahead and check the balance of my my, my, my, not my savings account, the other one, my debit account?
Oh, you must mean your checking account.
Oh yeah, that's it. You'd think I'm sitting here holding my checkbook and I couldn't even think of that name.
Well that is quite all right, Ms. Charles, I make mistakes like that all the time. And I'll be more than happy to assist you with that balance. may I have the account number for your checking account?
Yeah, yeah, it's the same one from just a second ago. One three four, five nine oh, oh nine two.
Alright, so that was checking account number one three four, five nine zero, zero nine two?
Yes ma'am.
Alright, just one moment, and let me pull that up for you.
OK, great, thank you.
All right Ms. Charles, I do have your balance. I'm showing a balance of six hundred seventy-one dollars and fifty-nine cents.
All right, six seventy-one fifty-nine?
Yes ma'am, that is correct.
OK, great, thank you so much for your help today, Ellie.
Yes ma'am, Ms. Charles, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that'll do it. You've been very helpful.
Thank you so much Ms. Charles, and you have a wonderful day, and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thanks for calling Intellibank this is Jerry, how can I assist you?
Yes Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards. Can you update my email?
Be happy to help you with that Miss Richards and if you would I just need to verify some information.
OK.
How is your day going?
My day is going just fine.
Well that's good to hear Miss Richards we certainly appreciate you doing business here with Intellibank and I'm just gonna verify some of your account information for security purposes what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four.
And what is you're home phone number?
Six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
OK and what is your social security number?
Two three five zero six eight two six eight.
OK and again for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanches.
OK and you said you wanted to update your, email address what did you wanna change your email to?
I'd like to change it to E Richards one at mail dot net.
OK Miss Richards you said you want to update that to E Richards one at mail dot net.
Yes.
OK I've gone ahead and updated the system there.
OK, thank you for that.
And is there anything else?
Yes I got a notice in the mail about my account there was some problem with that and I wanted to see if you could tell me what this is about.
Well absolutely let me get this pulled up here in the system and What is your account number miss Richards?
It is nine eight four six five nine.
OK, thank you for that miss Richards yes we sent something, we sent a notice to your home regarding there was an unusual transaction on your platinum card.
What type of transaction was it?
Well it appears that there was some sort of a charge for five hundred and thirty-three dollars in Mexico City.
What? I've never been to Mexico City. So I am definitely disputing that.
OK well certainly understand that and regret any inconvenience this may have caused so you're saying that you've never you didn't authorize this transaction?
No I didn't. What's the process to get this handled and taken care of?
No problem at all Miss Richards Rest assured we'll get this taken care for you right here now. If I could let me just ask Do you have maybe any regular memberships of subscriptions?
No I don't.
That this particular transaction might you know you know may be a reason for why the transaction might be showing up on your account from Mexico City?
No I don't. I I don't have any reasons why that could have happened I just know what that is not my transaction.
OK and let me ask you miss Richards, I fully understand your frustration there did you reach out to the company that the transaction charge was?
No I haven't.
OK not a problem no problem. obviously if you didn't authorize it and or you not aware of it until we sent it notice in the mail.
Right that is why I was calling to ask cause when I got that notice mailed at home, I knew to call to find out what it was about.
I understand again I'll get this taken care for your miss Richards, just so that you know again the process here is. What were going what I'm going to do is go ahead and send this information over to our fraud department, and they are going to investigate what is the cause for the charge on your account you said you've never been to Mexico city?
I certainly have not.
And your haven't made any charges in Mexico city online?
No.
OK. Yeah they'll they'll what they're gonna do they will actually go ahead and do the investigation on there and the fraud department will be the one that actually offers a credit to the account while the investigation is ongoing.
Well that's great.
we do try to be understanding with of our clients particularly when there's an unauthorized transaction.
Good.
And so generally speaking though the investigation can take up to thirty days. but that's why they go ahead and offer the credit upfront on your platinum credit card until the investigation is completed and once they conclude it. If indeed it is deemed as a fraudulent charge the then the credit is handled on your end and we'll handle it on the back end with the fraudulent transaction.
Well I like hearing that you really explained that well.
Well again I certainly can understand how frustrating that can be but we are getting this taken care for you and I've gone ahead and submitted that to the fraud department and they will likely within the next day or so offer that credit on the account while the investigate it.
OK well thank you so much for that.
is there any other questions that your may have?
No there's not.
Terrific well, thank you miss Richards we certainly appreciate you doing business with us at Intellibank.
Well you're welcome. Thank you for your help.
You have a good day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes, hopefully you can help me. I locked myself out of my email account. So I had to create a new one. But my old email is on file for my account alerts. Do you think you can help me with that?
All right sir, if if I understand this correctly you wanna update your email address on file so that you can get your account alerts to that new address?
Yes, yes.
OK sir, I can certainly do that for you.
OK.
All right, before I begin your request I need to ask you a few questions. So that I can verify your account information on file.
All right.
All right sir, let's start with your first and last name please.
Yes, my name is Dale Walker.
All right, is that Dale D A L E Walker?
Yes, that's it.
All right Mr. Walker, could you give me your date of birth please?
Yes, ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
All right, that was ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
Thank you Mr. Walker, and for authentication purposes could I have your driver's license number please?
my my driver's license number?
yes sir. Oh.
can you hold on? Can you hold on for a minute? Let me find it. If you don't mind?
All right sir.
OK, let's see.
If you don't have it. I could take your credit card number.
Oh.
Yes, I got my credit card now. Could you take that?
Oh yes sir, I sure can.
OK.
OK, hold on let me get that. OK, here it goes. It's four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight.
All right sir, again that number was four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight.
Yes, that would be it.
All right sir, thank you so much.
Uh-huh
And this is the last question about your security. for account security could you give me the last four digits of your social security number?
Yes, my the last digit on there is seven zero three nine.
All right sir, thank you so much for answering all those questions. Now which account were you discussing? Was that a checking or a savings account with us?
That was checking please.
OK sir, could you give me your checking account number please?
yes, my checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
to verify you said that number was five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
Yes, that would be it.
OK sir, just give me one moment while I look up your address.
OK, thank you.
All right sir, I have all your account information handy right here. So you want to replace this email address that I have on file with the new one?
Yes.
All right, could you give me that new email address please?
Yes, could you replace it with Dale C C Walker at Dayrep dot com.
All right sir, is are any of those letters capitalized?
yes the C and the Walker is capitalized.
OK sir, so you have Dale D A L E C as in cat Walker.
Yes.
Yes.
At Dayrep dot com?
Yes, yes.
OK sir, give me just one moment while I update that account information.
All right, and my first name is capitalized too.
OK sir, let me go ahead and update that.
OK.
I did have that lowercase.
OK.
OK, just one moment.
Alright, thank you.
All right Mr. Walker, it looks like I have all your information handy. I have updated your new email address. From your old email address of Dale Walker to Dale C Walker at
At Dayrep.
Dayrep. Sorry, make sure that that's correct. At Dayrep dot com.
Yes.
OK sir, is there anything else I could do for you today?
that's about it. And if I have anymore problems I can just go online right?
Oh yes sir, if you have a online account you can just go online and update any of this information or check your web addresses or anything online.
OK.
OK, OK I got that.
All right sir so did you need any help with anything else your sure?
yes, I'm sure. You pretty much gave me everything.
All right, thank you so much for your time and patience Mr. Walker. Again my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
And I thank you for your time too Leslie?
Yes, Leslie.
I appreciate.
You, you have a good day OK?
Thank you sir, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose my name is Kim, how are you today?
I'm doing great Kim thank you so much for asking.
Rose I need your help please. I am trying to find a a bank near me. A branch nearest me, and I am trying to pull up the street location. I'm so sorry I'm on vacation and I don't exactly know the street address where I am. I hate to say.
Aww
We could have worse problems, that's totally OK. Where are you vacationing Kim?
I'm vacationing down in the Florida Keys in Key West.
Oh, nice nice. I love the Keys. So pretty.
Yes, they are the absolutely beautiful. I love it, I love it down here. Let me see here. Here we go, OK I have the address.
OK.
it is four four nine two Waterfront Avenue.
OK.
Oh, I'm sorry. Look at me.
I'm reading the wrong thing. Yeah, sorry about that.
It's no worries.
Why won't it give me the address.
Here we go. OK, I'm so sorry.
Oh, it's no worries.
I think that might've been user error. the the address is two forty-five Front Street and it's Key West the ZIP is three three zero four zero.
Three three four three zero.
No I'm sorry. Three three zero four zero.
OK, thank you so much. it looks like we've got one at two three one Big Pine Key and also.
OK.
Twenty-seven twelve Key Colony.
OK.
All right and was there another did you want me to look up another one for you?
no that's OK I think I'll put those two in my Google Maps. And see which one is closer, and head that way. I also was wondering if you could help me I was looking to transfer some money from my account to my friends account.
OK, I can certainly help you with that. Bare with me just one second. me get to that screen. Just have to ask you a few questions.
Perfect.
Of course.
And get some information about your friend as well. OK. I know you said your name is Kim. What is your last name?
last name is Johns. That's J O H N S, and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Awesome, thank you so much. And I just have to ask you your security question. what street did you grow up on?
Sure.
On Broadway.
Thank you, and the dollar amount that you would like to transfer.
I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars even please.
OK, and the transfer type, would that be domestic or international?
yeah it'll be domestic, it's to my friends account. She has an account with Chase bank.
OK, awesome. And what account are we transferring from, for you?
I'll be transferring from my my checking account.
OK, and I'm ready for that number.
OK. the number is one one two one zero zero. zero five nine five.
that account did not come up with your information.
Someone else's account.
Let I'm sorry. I'm trying to do this off of memory because of course we just left the restaurant, and I do not have my bag with me in my purse. With my checkbook. I one one two one zero zero zero five. I thought it was zero five nine five
I I mean I don't wanna guess other numbers. I'm sure that's not OK either so I will yeah I'm not sure. and I can't, like I said I don't have my purse with me. to get to my checkbook so.
It's OK I I understand I mean unfortunately I won't be able to help you with the transfer and I do hate that. cause we do have to have to have that information but.
Of course.
There's no worries. when I get to the car I will get my checkbook, and I will probably give you guys a call back. or try and pull it up on my phone either one.
Certainly certainly and I will be working today late so if you would like you can certainly call in and ask specifially for me. My name is Rose and I'll help you, so you don't have to go through the whole thing again, and have to you know. Give all this information, I mean with the exception of the information I need. And the account number.
OK. All right. Thank you so much I appreciate it.
You're welcome. Have a nice evening.
Thank you, you too.
All right, bye bye.
Bye bye.
This is Hannah, thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, Hannah, how you doing today?
OK, how are you?
Oh, not good, not good. I have a major problem.
Oh, no.
Yeah. So, last night me and my friends we went out. We went out to our favorite restaurant and dinner and of course naturally we were having a lot of drinks. And somehow some way, when I got up this morning and I was getting everything situated. I went to go to the gas station to get gas in my car and I realized my card is gone my credit card.
No.
Oh, no. I'm so so sorry. So, I can definitely help you with this.
Yeah, like I. I. I called the restaurant and they said it wasn't there, so I guess I didn't leave it there. I I don't maybe I dropped it putting it back in my I I don't know, but I I I I lost it. And yeah, and you know. It's a horrible day outside, it's raining like crazy, and now I'm really just bummed out. I mean I Like are you in this area? Like are you in the area? Is it raining where you are? It's just it's a miserable day.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Hmm.
No, where where are you?
I'm in Nashville, Tennessee.
Oh, no actually I am in Florida.
Oh, so you know.
Which it could be
Raining here, too, but it's not today. It's actually not today but I'm so sorry. Let me help you with this, but first and foremost what is your first and last name?
It could be, but you probably have sunshine.
All right, my my first name is Robert.
OK.
Last name is Dalton.
Can you spell that, please?
D A L.
Mhm.
T O N.
OK, and what is your date of birth?
It's six sixteen two thousand.
OK, and your security question which is what was your first car?
Oh, it was a a Miata.
OK. OK, and do you happen to have the card number?
I do not.
It's .
I I yeah I I.
OK,
I can give you my social.
OK, do you have the account number?
I can give you my account number, yes. Yes, yes, yes.
OK, perfect. Let me get that.
Sorry, hold on let me let me get that for you.
Sure.
OK.
It's a. Oh two.
Five six.
One nine.
Three seven two oh eight.
OK perfect. And So so you're saying yesterday was when you lost it?
Yes. Yeah. I w~
So you would say
The nineteenth?
Right, right. It's probably some Some point last night.
Yesterday.
OK, and do you remember your most recent business transaction? So, let me just make sure that there was nothing charged on it.
So, that was at the the restaurant we were at which was Hooters here in Tennesee?
OK, let me see. I'm trying to look at that.
And, and I did I mean I paid my bill.
Right. OK yeah, I see that's the last transaction was at Hooters.
OK.
But what I'm going to do is right now I'm going to go ahead and cancel that card.
OK.
just in case so let me just Just give me a second, I'm gonna go ahead and cancel that.
Now, is this the situation with you know it it seems like I lost it do I need to contact the police or anything or just just dealing with you is OK?
No.
No, it's OK, because I'm going to cancel it right now and actually I just canceled it.
OK.
So, If anybody found it and tried to use it they would be in a lot of trouble right now because I just canceled it.
OK.
So, what I want to do now is I'm going to send you out a new card. You'll get a new card in the mail with a new PIN number. The PIN number will come separately. You don't have to keep the pin number that we send you, you can change it.
OK.
But, when you get the card The pin number will come first.
And then Intellibank will send you the card and then they'll be like a sticker on the card and it will tell you a number to call and it will prompt you all the way through. It's a very easy but let me just if you can just give me an address that I can send that to?
OK, it's Twenty-nine eighteen.
West End Avenue.
OK.
That's Nashville, Tennessee.
OK.
Three seven two oh five.
OK, perfect.
OK, and let me just let you know that you'll get the card about five to seven business days.
Because the only thing that might be an inconvenience for you, and unfortunately what you'll have to do is, you'll have to go to a branch If you need money I'm assuming that you have money in your account? And you know if you need to go. If you need you money you have to actually go.
OK.
Mhm.
OK.
To the branch. You need the address? Do you know where your branch is?
Yeah, yeah I I know where the branch is.
You do? I have that. I really apologize for that.
No, I just couldn't get to the physical branch today because I'm here at work.
Right.
Which I I was just thinking to it just hit me like.
huh?
I got I I lost the card at Hooters.
Right.
And that is my favorite I just love their wings and you said you're in Florida and that's like the home base of Hooters, so I have to ask you this have you Have you gotten the chance to enjoy Hooters wings?
I love Hooters wings. I love the atmosphere and actually, my sister works there as a bartender. So, I do go there quite often Ironically, and I honestly do love the wings. Like, I think Hooters has some of the best wings in the country.
That's amazing.
yeah, yeah yeah, actually probably going to go there tonight.
OK.
After work, so.
I'm coming to Florida.
Oh, wow. OK, is there anything else I can help you with tonight or?
I, I I think you know what I?
Mhm.
Would would I I I don't really do it but would online banking help with a situation like this?
Yes, actually I can totally send you over a link that will take you through step by step how to setup an online banking. I completely encourage you to do this.
OK.
What is your email?
It is the real Bobby D.
Six sixteen.
At Gmail dot com.
OK, and is is that just the letter D? It's not like in the? OK. OK, perfect. OK, so I just emailed that over to you. And if you have any questions and problems please call us back. We are our customer service is online and open for you until eight p.m. Eastern.
Yes. Yes.
OK.
So, if you need to call us back please feel free.
OK.
And is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it.
OK, perfect. Have a great night.
Thanks, you too.
Thank you.
Thank your for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashleigh. How may I help you today?
Hi, yes ma'am. I'm calling today because I wanted to find out a little bit more information about my bank. I thought I'd drove by one of one of your branches the other day, but I wasn't sure because it was under construction.
yes! I did hear that a lot of our locations are undergoing renovations cuz we're changing our logo and they're trying to get our stuff a little bit more up to date, so a lot of them are under are going through some remodeling. I'll be happy to assist you though with whatever you need. what can I help you with today?
I need help locating a branch near me.
Oh OK. Yeah, I can definitely assist you with those. It's not a problem.
Thank you. Also, my app didn't work the other day. Is there a problem with it?
no.
Mm.
Oh, never mind. Sorry, there may yeah, there is. There is an update available now, I didn't check with it. I'm sorry.
Oh no, that's fine. Yeah, I know we we did roll out some updates here recently, so if you had any kind of issue with it, it's probably because it needs to have an update and fix, you know, any bugs that are in the system but yeah, so that once you update it it should be fine.
I'll be able to do that as soon as we hang up. As soon as I went to go to open it it came across the top. Sorry about that.
No problem, no problem.
Alright.
OK, and Oh, what information will you need to help me find a branch?
first thing that we're going to need is the your address, if you want to find one closest to your location.
OK. One four three three Orange Avenue.
perfect, and the city and state.
Orlando, Florida.
Alright, and the ZIP code please.
Three two seven six six.
Thank you. Alright, so my system is bringing up the branches nearest your location. It just take a couple of minutes to auto-populate here. So how do you like living in Mickey Mouse land?
So far great. Traffic's a little bad but I guess it's worth it when you can see Mickey almost whenever you want.
Right. Yeah, the traffic has gotten worse, you know. I heard that our state Florida is the number one move to state in the country, so it's only gonna get worse. But, you know, hey, at least we don't have any snow and you know, we have nice weather from what, November to March. That's like everybody's jealous of that
I I know before you used to be able to sit in your car in something it will be like twenty minutes away and now the same point A to point B it takes like forty to forty-five minutes with all the traffic and construction and Oh, my goodness.
Yes! Yeah, there's actually I seen a meme that says you know, like GPS Orlando to Orlando, one hour. All right so I do see. Yeah, it's absolutely true. so we do have two branches within a five mile radius of your address. Their hours are Monday through Friday, nine a.m. to five p.m. I can email these locations to you if you'd like, or I can or you can also find the branches online. Through or website at Intellibank dot com. which one do you prefer? Do you want me to send an email or do you prefer to look online?
I believe it.
I will actually look them up online that way I can just kind of GPS and see the areas that they're in.
OK. Alright, yeah.
Do I need to schedule an appointment to see my accounts representative?
As a matter of fact,
and do we have to wear a mask inside?
It's OK Oh no, no, it's fine No, you don't need an appointment to see a branch rep. You can set an appointment if you'd like online through our website or through the app if you if you have the app on your phone or want to download the app. but you can just go in there. It just might be a couple minute wait if there's other people in there, and there is masks are recommended especially if your vaccinated so it it's up to you, but we don't require, it's not a must. It it's something that is recommended but you don't have to.
Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt, but.
Oh, OK. Great. I really can't stand those things and they're so uncomfortable and it's so hard to breathe and so hard to understand what people are saying.
I know. It's it's terrible. I have asthma so I absolutely can't wear those things for longer than a few minutes without you know, having some carb type of reaction, that's why I work from home.
It in that heat, when you come in from outside in the heat to the cool air and you can feel the cool air on your face but you still feel hot under the mask. It just it can make you feel nauseous.
Yes, absolutely, I I can agree with that a hundred percent. now would you like any further information about online banking in order to check the balance more conveniently yourself in the future or?
Oh no thank you. I I have the app. It just, you know, wasn't working for me because I didn't update it.
Oh yes, that's right. Right, yeah. Well, the app update should definitely fix your issues but if you do, if once you do it and you still have an issue, just let us know and we can create a ticket. To our tech support team and see what's going on. is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Which is why I called, but you know.
No ma'am, you've been great. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome and thank you for calling Intellibank. You enjoy the rest of your day.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello. This is Jezzy with Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi, Jezzy. I'd like to make a bank transfer please.
OK. I could help you with that. you said a bank transfer. Are you looking to move funds between your accounts?
yes. I'm looking to move funds from my savings to my checking. And, could you also tell me how soon I will see it show up in my checking account?
Yes, I can help you with that. If we do a transfer today it should be effective today so it by by the end of the business day it should be in your checking account.
OK.
All right. Let me collect some information. can you give me your first and last name please?
Yes. My name is Michael Johnson.
Thank you.
And your date of birth?
My date of birth is March twentieth, nineteen ninety-seven.
OK. Do you have your account number or any other information so that I can look up this information for you?
Sure. I have my account number right here. It's nine zero zero one five one.
And which account is that?
that that's the savings account.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson. One moment please.
Thank you for holding, Mr. Johnson. I did pull up your savings account. I do need to also validate this account with another identification. Do you have your driver's license number?
Yes, I have it right here. my driver's license number is two four seven five six nine four seven.
Two four seven five six nine four seven. Is that correct?
Yes. That sounds about right.
Thank you. One moment.
OK. let me go ahead and initiate this transfer. You said you wanted to move it from your savings account into which account?
to my checking account.
OK. And, do you have that account number?
I do. the checking account number is two four eight three nine one.
Thank you. Two four eight three nine one. Is that correct?
Yes.
Thank you very much. One moment.
OK. what is the amount of the transfer?
I'd like to transfer seven hundred dollars.
OK.
Thank you. currently your balance in your savings account is four thousand seven hundred thirty-two dollars and five cents.
And, currently your checking account balance is four hundred twenty-three dollars and fifty-nine cents.
So the amount of the transfer that you would like to initiate is seven hundred dollars. Again, confirming it out of your savings account and that savings account number is nine zero zero one five one and going into your checking account number. And that is two four eight three nine one.
And, that is effective today, October the thirteenth.
And just confirming your balance after this transaction is complete will be four thousand in your savings account will be four thousand thirty-two dollars and five cents and your ending balance after this transaction has completed in your checking account will be one thousand one hundred twenty-three dollars and fifty-nine cents.
Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Johnson?
yeah. Actually, I had another question. I heard you guys have some sort of online banking set up. and I heard there's an app?
what do you think of the app? Is it is it as effective as the web browser?
Absolutely. We thank you for bringing that up setting up online banking is very easy. It's it's you can use your browser but the app is just so much more convenient because it's optimized for your mobile device.
in order to set that up, I can give you some details about that if you have a few moments.
Actually I got to get going but I just wanted to know from a employee's perspective if it was worth my time and I think I'll look into it myself later.
That's wonderful. Thank you so much. If you have any other questions please give us a call.
All right. Thank you, Jezzy. Have a nice day.
You too, sir. Thank you.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Gerry. How can I help you?
Yes Gerry. My name is Evelyn Richards and I'd like to report that my card was stolen.
sorry to hear that, Miss Richards. I think we'll glad to be able to help you today with that.
if I could just ask Ms. Richards what is the address for your card?
OK the address is three six eight eight Layman Court Smyrna Georgia three zero zero eight zero.
OK and just for security purposes Miss Richards what is your account number?
OK I do have that. It is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK Miss Richards I have that and if you could do you recall when the card was lost or stolen?
Yes it was stolen Tuesday at I think it was October the twelfth.
OK October the twelfth you believe?
Yes.
OK and do you recall where you may have used that last at or?
Yes, it was at Walmart.
OK it was at Walmart on October the twelfth?
Yes.
OK and Miss Richards if I could let me help you with this question again just for security purposes. what is your email address?
OK my email is B L Z C three.
P eight nine at mail dot net.
OK and what is your phone number?
My cell phone number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one and would be OK to go ahead and update my home phone number? It changed.
Absolutely. Glad to help you with that, Miss Richards and your home phone number that you'd like to add to the account if I may ask is?
It is six seven eight two zero seven three zero zero eight.
Six seven eight.
Two zero seven.
Three zero zero eight?
Correct.
OK terrific.
I have gone ahead and updated that for you, Miss Richards.
Thank you.
And how's the weather there?
Oh! The weather's beautiful today. You know it's it was raining yesterday so it's terrific to have some sunlight out today. Wouldn't you agree Ms. Richards?
I totally agree. I love the sunshine.
indeed, indeed. It's never any complaints from me about the sun.
Me either.
Now Miss Richards, just so that you know I've gone ahead and processed your request and canceled the card for you at your request.
OK.
And just so that you know we have gone ahead if you'd like we can send you a new one.
Please, if you would.
OK. we'll get that out to you within the next seven to ten business days and just so that you know are you aware of how you can activate the card once you receive it?
Could you give me that information?
Sure. Sure. it's real simple you have a couple of options and you can one just give us a call it'll be a phone number on the back of the card or you can call the same number you called here today to activate it or you can go online to via online banking with us to activate the card there in the account.
OK. Thank you.
And can you tell me the balance in my savings account?
Sure. Sure. Let me pull that up for you Miss Richards. the account ending in two seven three nine?
Right.
OK yes I see this here for you Miss Richards. Your account balance that I'm seeing here is twelve thousand six hundred and fifteen dollars and seventy-two cents.
OK. Very good.
twelve thousand six hundred and fifteen dollars.
And seventy-two cents is what I'm seeing.
Great! Alright. Thank you so much.
Terrific! And let me just ask you Miss Richards is there something else that I can assist you with?
no I think you've done a great job of that. I have gotten all of my questions answered. When can I get my card exactly again?
yes. Just so that you know you can get your card again that'll be processed and sent out because I have gone ahead and canceled at your request within seven to ten business days you'll receive that at the mailing address that you provided earlier.
OK, thank you.
Thank you!
You have a great day.
You too.
Thanks for calling Intellibank.
Thanks!
Hi, welcome to Intellibank. This is Jennifer speaking, how may I help you?
Hi, yeah. I noticed a transaction on my card that I don't think I made. So, I just wanted to see how to deal with that.
OK. No problem. May I have your first and last name and your date of birth?
Yeah, my name is Samantha Grey. And it's Grey with an E, so it's G R E Y. And my date of birth is October nineteenth nineteen ninety-three.
OK. Thank you. And may I have your credit card number?
yeah, just give me one second to find that.
OK. I've got it. it's seven seven six five eight nine five six three seven seven eight four two zero one.
And you said four two zero one?
Oh, I'm sorry let me re-read that for you. I got the last few numbers wrong. I'll start over its Seven seven six five eight nine five six three seven seven eight four four zero one.
Oh, that's no problem thank you. may I ask you a security question? To make sure this is you?
Yeah.
What is your mother's maiden name?
Smith.
OK. Thank you. How can I help you Samantha with your disputed transaction.
Yeah I think there's a charge for Jess Music supply store. I've never been to this place. An Yeah, so, I didn't make that Payment.
OK. So, what we can do about that is we can either offer a charge back, so that would reimburse you the money or what we can also do, to make sure that there's no continued fraud on your account, is we can send you a new credit card and cancel that one.
Yeah, can we do both of those?
Yes, of course. so I'm gonna put that charge back in right now. And that should be posted to your account within seven business days. and can I have a new address or an address to send your new card?
Yeah my address can be at three five seven one Rose Street New York, New York And the ZIP code is one zero zero three seven.
OK. And so what's gonna happen is your also gonna get a temporary card in the mail. While your credit card, you're waiting for your new credit card, so that you can still carry out transactions in the meantime. So, I'm gonna send that to your address as well can I actually also verify your email? So that you can, I can send you your new card? information.
Yeah, my email is Samantha G at G mail dot com.
Thank you.
How's your day going?
It's good. You know I just, I work at a call centre.
Yeah.
But.
Thank you though. How is your day?
my day's fine. yeah, nothing crazy, other than this weird charge on my account.
That's great OK. So, I think that's all finished. Is there anything you want to know, anything else you wanted me to help you with?
Yeah, I was just wondering what online banking looks like and and also, would that help prevent fraud at all?
Yes, so, online banking is usually more for convenience. so, you can check your bank balance from a mobile app or from your computer without having to call this hotline And then also if, you would be able to detect fraud better if you were to have online banking, because you wouldn't have to go call the hotline for your balance or go in person.
OK. Yeah. Thank you for that information I might try to set one up. yeah. sorry about that. I might try and set one up. is there like a web site I can go to to work on that?
Yes, you can set that up at Intellibank dot com.
OK. Thank you. I'll definitely check that out.
OK. And, thank you very much. And, if you don't mind, after this call you will receive an email. at Samantha G at Gmail dot com And it'll be a follow up service. So, if you could fill that out, it would really help improve Intellibank's customer service. and again my name is Jennifer.
OK. Thank you so much Jennifer. This has been really helpful.
Have a good day.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jack. How may I help you?
This is Cletus Haywood. I'm calling out a Vicksburg, Mississippi and I've just been to the the Vicksburg Battlefield. It was a spectacular day. And, I have you been there? Have you been to the Vicksburg Battlefield?
I can't say that I have.
It is really something to see. I was able to stand right there where they had the trenches back in the old days and right where they had the canons set up and they still had some of the old canons there. And, you could look out right across to where the canons would be shooting and blowing things up. And I bought this mortar shell. It was a spent mortar shell that somebody had collected from there and several bullet fragments from the mini balls and a it was really really really fine fine day. And, I I think I may of spent more than I intended in. So what I'm thinking I oughta do is to make a deposit on my way home so I can get some more money in the bank just in case I I need it Like I say, I think I may have over spent some.
OK sir. I'm glad you enjoyed your outing and I understand that overspending can occur. Most frequently when that happens with our customers we manage that by transferring funds from one account to another.
OK. I really I I don't think I I have another account with you. I just got the the one account, just the checking account and and what I wanna do I think is just you you go in somewhere where I can just talk to somebody and and deposit my money and get it on there real quick.
OK. Well there are a number of alternatives for nearby branches. I can can I help you find a branch?
OK. Yes sir well that'd be just great Intellibank. Go right in there cause I don't wanna do ATM. I I mean I don't know when does it post up with the ATM? Maybe it post up today and and maybe not. But, what I wanna do is make sure that it gets I get this deposit posted today. Because like I said I may have over spent down at the battlefield.
I understand sir. And, as long as that deposit is made by two o'clock this afternoon it will accrue with today's transactions. So on now I'll help you find a nearby branch. may I have your address?
I'm at hold on let me let me see there I I'm I'm at the Shell station just right down the road from the battlefield. Hold on hold on hold on let me let me look and see what the the the number is on that now the road is is the road is Battlefield Park. It's in Battlefield Park Road. And, it's a number it's the Shell Station they wait a minute there's a number on the door hold on hold on I I'm gonna I'm gonna pull over there toward the door where I can I can see that number hold on just a just a minute just OK. All right I got it I'm at five twenty-six Battlefield Park and it's in Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Five twenty-six Battlefield Park Vicksburg, Mississippi. Please hold just a moment while I check for the nearest local branch. All right sir. I have some choices of multiple nearby branches. The nearest one is on the corner of Sycamore Avenue and Sixth Street and the hours for this branch are eight a.m. until four p.m. There is another branch if that one is is not convenient.
All right, I think that that one that'll be that'll be fine I I got my you know what do you call this thing? It it sits on my dashboard tells me which way to turn anyway I got one of them my daughter give it to me and it it's it'll tell me which ways to turn to to get there and that'll be that'll be fine I I'll go down to that one and and I I tell you you know you really ought to get out to that that battlefield if your ever down in Vicksburg cause it it's something to see you you wouldn't believe you you know how they've preserved things for so long and and it's just I mean you can go out there and and stand there where the canons are and it's just like you was there back in the old days and the only thing is I I wouldn't go to the gift shop. You end up spending more than you intend to.
Oh I'll definitely keep that in mind next time I'm down in Mississippi . In the mean time would you like further information about online banking so that you can make transfers between your accounts more easily in the future?
Well I I might do that sometime but right now I'm just I think I'm just going to drive on down to the the people branch. And take care of my business today and then after I get home maybe I'll look into the online banking. Thank you for your time.
OK, is there anything more I can do for you today?
I reckon that'll that'll be all You been very helpful.
Thank you for using Intellibank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. We value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yeah, I need to find a new branch to bank at.
OK, let me check on that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Mrs Baker?
it doesn't matter. You can call me Jill.
OK Jill, can you tell me what your account number is?
yeah, hold on just a moment. I wanna look that up. Give me just a second OK. It's no. Oh, it's three four six. Zero two, nine nine eight.
OK, thank you Jill. Can I also get your date of birth?
Yeah, it's March the second of nineteen eighty.
OK Jill, your account has a security question on it. Could you also tell me the city you were born in?
I was born in Tucson, all right.
And are you willing to find a location that's near your home?
yeah, so let me explain, so I went to the branch I normally go to this week and my boyfriend's ex-wife, she's apparently working there now as a teller. And I just. I really do not want to go to that branch and have to deal with her anymore.
OK, I I understand that. I just wanna confirm real quick, so your address is three zero nine Western Creek. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
OK, and can you tell me the branch that you normally go to? I just wanna make sure that I rule that one out for you when I'm looking OK.
I'm not exactly sure what the numerics are but it's on Antioch Road I believe.
All right, let me look. So I only find one on Antioch Road. that one is two three six nine Antioch road in Kansas City. Does that one sound, sound right to you?
I think that one's right. It's really near twenty-third, so it's probably right. That's probably correct.
OK, let me, let me see what I can find close by to you besides that location. Will be just a moment OK.
That's fine, I mean, I probably sound like I'm being really dramatic. I I really don't mean to be
Are you married or are you divorced?
I'm actually currently engaged.
Well very, well congratulations to you.
I'm divorced and so is my boyfriend, and and things are not great with our exes but, especially his if you know what I mean.
absolutely, I can understand where you're coming from and we want you to feel comfortable as a customer for the service you are receiving from our Intellibank so. So obviously we wanna get this rectified for you and find you a banking location that you'll be more comfortable at.
OK, I appreciate it. I mean, I'm, I don't mean to be dramatic. I've I've worked overnights last night and so I think this whole thing has just made me a little bit more grouchy than I, I normally am. I'm also just really tired .
Oh, well I'm sorry about that. . I know that that makes for a long night and I can understand being a little irritable. What kind of work do you do?
I'm a nurse. I I work in a trauma centre. I normally don't do the night shift but the last few nights, I been, I been there to help somebody out, you know, just. My body's not accepting the new schedule very well, and neither is my brain for that matter.
Well, I'm sorry that you're having a difficult time Jill, but hopefully we can at least resolve this issue for you to take some of that stress away. Jill, I did find another location for you and it actually appears that it's a little bit closer to you than the Antilock, Antioch location was that you been going to. Do you have a pen and I'll give you that address for, for this new one?
Yeah, I got one, go ahead.
OK, so it looks like there is a location that's one point three miles from you. It recently opened in April and it's in the Falls Crieff location. It operates at nine zero eight two nine Houston Falls. That's nine zero eight two nine Houston Falls and that's Kansas City. Are you familiar at all with that Falls Crieff area?
I think so. I think it's, I think it's near the shopping centre if I'm correct.
Yep, that is correct. It should be located in the parking lot of the shopping centre and it's on the north side of the main entrance.
OK, that's actually a lot closer. can you tell me, does it have a drive through?
Let me have a look on here for you. yeah, it looks like it does have a drive through, through with a virtual teller option as well until seven. p.m. for two of those lanes OK.
What's what's a virtual teller?
so our virtual teller. They those are spring tellers who work after their normal lobby hours . So, they work out of our main customer service centre but they, they process deposits, transactions, they get change. They can pretty much do most everything other than the loan systems that our normal bank tellers can do. they normally operate from five p.m. to seven p.m. at the locations that they work, and they they, essentially, they just speak to you through a little monitor on, on the on the drive through lane with the ATM so that you can basically communicate what you want with them, and then they will process that for you.
That's really neat, that's really helpful.
OK, now that I have a location for you, was there anything else that I could do for you?
yeah, can I ask how I change my card account number?
I'm sorry, your card account number?
Yeah, so I need to change the account number thing that I put in whenever I go to the ATM.
do you mean like your PIN number?
Yeah, is that the four, four numbers that I have to put into the ATM when I use it to make a debit purchase?
Yeah, so that's actually called your debit PIN number . if you need to change that, you can contact the number on the back of your debit card and they can process that request for you. or if you have time right now, I can transfer you over to the card services department and they can help you with that.
Oh, yeah, that'd be cool. Can you transfer me?
Yeah, if you can hold on just a moment, I'll get you over there today. Real quick here though before I transfer you, I I do need to confirm the four digit account passcode that you have per your account request. the account passcode is not the PIN that we were just discussing. It's the, the passcode that's actually on your account.
Yeah, I know if that one is. That one's six zero nine eight.
Yep, OK, that's correct. If you can hold on one moment for me, I'm gonna get you transferred over there. I'm gonna stay on the phone with you until I get you connected though, OK. Give me just a moment all right. I'm gonna transfer you. OK, all right Jill, so I have a card service member on the line to speak with you but before I send you to him, I just wanna make sure that there is nothing else I can do for you today OK?
nope, I don't think so Brenda. You've been really wonderful.
All right Jill. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank OK. Enjoy your day.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes. I got something in the mail about an issue on my loan.
OK. Well happy to help you with that. I simply need to pull up your information so I can find out what if was you received in the mail. If I could ask ma'am. are you a customer with us here at Intellibank?
Yes.
And what's your name?
Evelyn Richards.
OK. Ms. Richards.
And by the way, I would also like a balance on this loan.
Absolutely. Happy to pull that up for you as well. let me just verify your account with us Ms. Richards. if you would what is your. date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
All right and what is your home number?
Six seven eight two zero two.
Mhm.
Four two five three.
Mhm.
My cell phone number is four seven eight. Three six one eight oh three one.
All right terrific. And. just for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
All right. Terrific. Terrific. And what's the loan account number that you're calling about?
Well I don't have that. can you wait just a moment?
Sure.
All right I have it now.
All right go ahead.
Nine eight four. Six five nine.
All right. Terrific. Terrific. I was able to get that pulled up for you and. It appears, yes, we sent that out to you to let you know. there appears to have been a. A challenge here on the account regarding you know a missed payment on the account. And because of that they have had to they wanted to notify you that you needed to stop by one of our branches. In order to speak to one of our loan officers. to prevent that particular account from being closed.
OK.
And Ms. Richards what you would simply wanna do is just stop by one of our branches. And speak to one of the loan officers and they'll be able to you know likely because there appears there was a few. Payments that may have been missed. And so they wanted to just speak to you in person to reverify some information about your account such as Your. employment information. And your residence. And and of course a few other items that you may want to bring in with you to the branch. Are you. aware of any branch near where you might be at the moment if you're able to stop by today?
Well I'll be happy to do that, but no I need help with that.
OK. Sure. Not a problem. what I can do is just pull up some information of some branches based off of where you might be at What's a street address of where you may be near by?
One four one Oakwood Avenue.
OK. One four one Oakwood Avenue?
Yes.
All right and what's the city ma'am?
Smyrna.
And the state?
Georgia.
All right. Terrific. I was able to pull up a little bit of information here.
OK. you know. I am just so excited because I've been shopping, so getting this taken care of is really gonna make a big difference.
Makes sense. I certainly understand that and we wanna make sure that we're able to get this particular matter handled for you quickly so that you'll be back able to utilize those funds to enjoy some more shopping.
Well thank you for that . I appreciate that branch.
not a problem at all. Yes I was able to find, we have a branch location that's about a mile away from the address you gave me that's at four twenty-seven. Bufferson Drive.
Perfect.
And from there you can simply go in and just update your information specifically it appears as related to place of employment and oh your residency. So you may wanna bring in a utility bill or something so that they can just reverify. And they'll then be able to update your loan account information so that the loan stays open.
OK.
Alright and is there anything else?
Yes I would like to get the account balance on my golden card.
OK. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. It does appear you also have a gold card with us as well. And your gold card balance. that I see here is you have about a six hundred dollar balance on your gold card and you have an available credit limit of. Three thousand dollars.
All right. Well, thank you so much for that.
Not a problem at all Ms. Richardson. Is there any other questions you may have?
No.
All right. Well again, thanks for doing business here at Intellibank and we certainly do value your business.
Thank you so much.
You have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank today. How can I help you?
Hello my name is Charlene and I'd like to open a new bank account.
All right. No problem Charlene. I could go ahead and help you out with that. first can I get your name and date of birth?
OK.
OK. My name is Charlene Peterson. And my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
All right. Thank you for that and can I ask you if you already have an account number with us? Or a bank account.
Yes I I already have an account that is active and operating.
Great. Can I get that account number please?
Oh, honestly speaking I really can't remember the account number. I really don't memorize such stuff.
All right. That is no problem at all. I'll get your phone number instead.
Oh OK. That's OK. My number is five one two nine nine one five five one nine.
All right. Thank you so much for that.
Can I also get your social security number to create the new account?
is that really necessary cuz I've already just given out the phone number. And I think those digits should be ready since I already have another account there.
I understand that however we do require the social security for security reasons. So that is to confirm your identity.
Couldn't you just cross check from the other account?
I think that.
Be much easier?
We can do that however for full security purposes we will need your social security and anytime anyone makes a new account. Even if they are a old customer or previous customer we do require the social security again.
times so even if I about I'm about to open even the fourth or fifth account with the same the same is called the security number.
Yes unfortunately it does. however if you don't feel comfortable saying it on the phone you can go ahead and next time you can make an account online. So if you that way you could feel more secure.
OK let me just search for it because I usually don't keep it nearby. Give me about a minute or two. OK.
All right. No problem.
OK I have it. So am I giving it to the full social security number or just a few digits.
it will be the full social security please.
OK.
The number is four three three five four eight six seven five.
All right. Thank you so much for that. I really appreciate it.
OK.
So for the account that you would like to open we do offer checkings and savings accounts. So which one would you like?
I like a savings account.
OK. No problem. And for this account you will have to choose a security question. This will be asked of you any time you log into your account or any time you call a customer service agent so you can choose from two security questions. The first one will be what is your mother's maiden name. And the second one will be what was your first pet's name. So which one would you like to choose?
I'll go with my mothers maiden name because with pets I might confuse since I've had a few pets.
All right. No problem. I understand that.
Yeah.
All right? so what is your mother's maiden name?
OK.
Her name her maiden name is Taylor. T A Y L O R.
All right. Thank you so much for that. I have went and created your new account. And I'll go over with you all the interest rates and fees. So there is a one dollar fee for all wire transfers. And there is a.
I'm getting that.
All right that's great to hear. And there is a two percent fee for any online check deposits.
Could you sorry could you repeat that again. On the online.
Yeah so there's a one percent fee if you any time you make a E check deposit.
Oh a one percent of the deposit. Oh OK can understand that.
Correct.
Yes so those are the fees. And did you have any other questions about your new account?
No I didn't. Oh what about card will I continue using the same card with the other account or will I get a new card?
so for that one you'll get a new card issued to you.
Oh OK.
Yeah and did you have any other questions for me?
No that. No that seems that's all I have for today.
Alright thank you so much for calling Intellibank Charlene. Have a great day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
I just got to the bank and it's closed and I need to make a deposit. I need to deposit a check so, I need to know if there's another one open somewhere.
OK, whom I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
OK Jill can you tell me the branch location that your at your currently at that's closed?
yeah it's a Kansas City one.
yeah OK do you happen to have a address a specific address maybe for the location your at?
I really don't know. Hold on, I'll I'll drop a pin from my phone. To myself to see if I can find it. Give me just a second. it looks like it's eight seven six nine One Pot Road in Kansas City.
OK look here.
So yes it looks like that location closes at five p.m. but, we do have a couple of locations with lobby hours until six p.m. and then we also have some with virtual teller seven p.m.. So would you like me to see what I can find that's close to you?
what's a visionary teller?
it's it's actually a virtual teller not a visionary teller but, it's our drive thru units they have employees working virtually and they can process most things through that ATM option at the drive thru and you you basically just talk with them on a little screen and and tell them what you want and then they process it through the ATM for you.
Oh OK, that's that's neat. It's crazy how far technology has come the last few decades.
that is true there there are a lot of things I didn't think I'd ever I'd ever see happen in my life time.
Yeah I remember dial up internet taking years to get online and now now everyone's just walking around with their little internet in their pocket.
Yeah my parents used to have the old bag phones. Like the old bag cell phones from the early nineties that they they would charge in their cigarette lighters. and it's just amazing to me how cool I thought those were back then .
Oh my parents did too. You could actually you actually couldn't hear anyone talking on them but they just felt really cool just having them. I remember that.
I know it and me too. I I used to love it. I used to call all my friends from it whenever I'd ride in my parents car. so Jill I do have a location and it looks like it's about a mile from where you're at right now and it says that it's open till six p.m.. did you want me to give you that address?
Yes please.
OK, so that one looks like it's located in the Center View shopping district. And that address is one zero seven eight and it's Lasto L A S T O Avenue in Gladstone.
OK wait you said that one's open till six or seven.
So that one only has lobby hours until six p.m. today and it does not have a virtual teller option at the branch.
well it's five forty-nine right now and I don't think I'm gonna make it with all this traffic there by six. I really hate to be a pain. But, can you see if there's a location that has one of those those virtual people there. I really need to get this deposit made tonight.
Yeah just sure just give me one moment Jill, OK. Let me see what else is available, OK?
Yes I and also you said I can make deposits through that visionary teller too correct?
Yes you you.
Can it give me a change?
Yeah OK Jill so yeah for first the drive thru option is a virtual teller that's that's what those are called and yes they they can take deposits from you and you were asking if they could also give you change and yes they should be able to provide you change through that as well. it just goes through the ATM they basically process it through that that virtual conversation they have with you and then they process it through the ATM.
OK that OK I'm sorry. I don't know why I keep calling it that visionary thing.
That's not a problem I I just wanted to make sure that you knew. I did find a location with that option for you. Are you ready for that address?
Yeah I'm ready.
OK Jill so the next one that I found It's a little bit further it's three miles from you. And it looks like it's outside of the Bonteir Football Stadium. so it's not actually on the stadium premises but it's just on the outside skirts of where their building is on the outside side of their gate. That address is four zero two nine Stadium Drive that's four zero two nine Stadium Drive in Kansas City. And I just wanna confirm real quick the virtual teller for you. And yes it looks like this one does have a virtual teller option and they are open until seven p.m. tonight.
OK can you confirm that their still open for me though? So that I know that nothings changed though. I just don't want to drive all the way over there and then find out there not open either.
Yeah so our system still shows the location has a green light which in our system when we have those green lights that let's us know that their still open.
OK well then I'm gonna head that way if their open right now cuz it's I've got an hour to get there should be plenty of time. so I'm gonna head that way now, OK?
OK Jill. Was there anything else that I could do for you today to help you out?
No I I don't think really think so. I'm really appreciate it. I'm sorry I was such a nag.
Not at all you you weren't any trouble at all I'm I'm glad that we could help you. Jill thank you for choosing Intellibank and you have a great day, OK?
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. how are you today? How's your day been going?
I'm doing pretty good. Thank you so much for asking. It is almost the end of the work day and I am so happy.
That's what I'm talking about. That's where I am at the end of the work day.
Yeah. It couldn't come too soon and it isn't Friday yet so.
Right right. Need the gas pedal. Hit the gas. well I need your help please finding an ATM. my phone is is actually dead and I need some help finding the ATM. I have a ZIP code here. I'm not too far from home but the the ZIP code is one nine one two seven.
Yeah.
One nine one two seven?
Yes.
OK. Bear with me just a moment.
Sure.
OK and do you need any that are Let me just make sure I have this correct. OK. Do you need any that are twenty-four hours or do you need them inside a banking location?
I guess whatever you have. If you can give me just a couple of names. I may need to do I would like to know twenty-four hours ATMs that are twenty-four hours but I probably will need to go into a branch at some point.
Sure. Well I've got a I've got. Let me see. I've got one twenty-four hour one so far. I've got two that are twenty-four hour and I'll give you those first. the first one's at four four one seven Main Street and that's open twenty-four hours.
OK.
And then I have another one at one oh five Grape Street. That one's also twenty-four hours.
Oh OK. Perfect.
And then one that's pretty close to well I'm not sure exactly where your address is but this one is the Santander Bank ATM and that one closes at ten p.m. and it's inside a CVS.
Oh OK.
Perfect. I know that location.
And that's
Yeah. Three seven zero Main Street. Three seven eight zero Main Street. I apologize.
Oh no. That's OK. Perfect. OK.
Did you
Need any other ones?
no but while I have you I was gonna go into a branch to open up a savings account and I figure I might as well do it while I have you if that's OK. If you have a couple of minutes.
Sure.
I can definitely take care of that while we're on the phone. I do have to ask you some information so that we can get you an account. and you're opening a checking account or did you say savings?
I'd like to open a savings account.
All right. Bear with me just a moment. Get to that screen.
OK. I just have to ask you some questions so we can get this set up for you. I know you said your first name was Kim. Is that Kimberly or just Kim?
no. It's it's just Kim and my last name is Johns it's J O H N S.
All right. And what is your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. And what about you social security number?
That's one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
Thank you. And Miss Johns I have to set up a security question for you. Those have a few options and you can pick whichever one sounds the best. what's your what is the name of your first pet, what street did you grow up on and what is your mother's maiden name?
I can we'll do the street I grew up on and the street name is Broadway.
All right. Also need your telephone number and your address.
OK. My telephone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five. and my address is forty-nine Holland Drive Philadelphia, PA one nine one zero one. but that is a more recent address. I did move now I have an account with you a checking account with you all and it may have my old address which is seventeen hundred Willow Brook Lane.
I do see that one.
Oh OK. And it's still Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine one two seven.
Yeah. It came right up when I typed your name in.
Oh OK. if it's possible I'd like to update that to my current address.
Sure.
The forty-nine Holland Drive and still Philadelphia, PA and the ZIP is one nine one zero one.
OK. Certainly. Bear with me just a few moments while I update that for you.
OK. Thank you.
All right. And it looks like you still have the option of being offered a free account that doesn't have any interest rates and does not have any fees so you won't incur any of those things if you would like to have that type of account.
sure. Yeah. That would be great.
Awesome. We'll go ahead and get you signed up for that. And that's just a courtesy as a banking family since you've already been a part of our our company. you're very welcome. OK. So I've got that set up for you and did you give me an email address? I don't see one.
Thank you so much.
no I.
My apologies. My email address is it's my first initial and last name. It's K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK Miss Johns. Thank you so much. I just sent you a confirmation of this account being opened. You should have that in about thirty seconds. When you get a chance could you check and see that that came through?
yeah. I'm logging in now and I do see that confirmation. Perfect. Thank you so much.
OK. Awesome.
You are very welcome Ms. Johns. Was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no. That was everything. You took care of it all. Thank you so much again.
Oh you're very welcome and thank you for calling Intellibank. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your afternoon.
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes I need to check and see if I have enough funds in my account to cover a payment.
OK let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill.
OK Jill, can you tell me your account number?
I'm not sure what my account number is.
OK not a problem. Can I get a social security number from you instead?
Yes so my social's four five zero eight nine zero eight nine zero.
OK and can I also get your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
OK thank you. Now the account has a security question so could you please tell me the city you were born in?
Yeah I was born in .
OK and you are wanting to check your account balance. Is that correct?
Yes I need to know if I have enough money in there to cover a payment I made.
OK so would this be in your checking or your savings account?
It's in my checking account.
All right let me look here. So it looks like your account balance for your checking is seventy-nine dollars and ninety cents.
OK yeah I don't have enough money. how much is in my savings account please?
All right so your savings account balance you have a a savings account balance of twenty-four dollars and eighty-nine cents.
OK I definitely need to put money in there then or or my payment isn't gonna go through or process.
OK would you like me to help you with that today?
I don't think that you can. I need to put cash in the account I think.
OK Jill, would you like me to help you find a bank location where you can deposit that cash at?
well it's almost five p.m.. It's gonna close soon, right?
Yeah Jill, we do have locations with virtual teller options that are open till seven p.m.. I can try to locate one of those branches for you.
Oh my goodness. I didn't know you were open that late. OK yes I'd like a late branch.
OK so we do have several locations with a virtual teller option available until seven p.m. throughout the metro. let me ask real quick, are you calling from home today?
No I'm at my office.
So are you wanting a location close to your home or to another address?
If you can find one for here at my work that'd be best.
OK what is the city and state of your work?
It's Kansas City, Missouri.
OK and what's your street address?
It's nine zero eight Western Kirk Lane.
OK and the ZIP code?
It's eight three seven nine zero.
All right. Let me look that information up for you real quick. OK so I did find a location. It looks like it's just a few blocks from your work and it does have that seven p.m. virtual teller option. If you're ready, I can give you that address.
Yeah I'm ready, go ahead.
OK so it looks like the address for that location is three zero zero one Highland Creek Town Center. So it's three zero zero one Highland Creek Town Center, Kansas City, Missouri. And it's seven two six eight nine.
And you said that's just a few blocks from here you said?
Yeah it looks like it's maybe three blocks from your work. yeah it's just on the corner of Harper and Town Center. Are you familiar with those two two streets? It says it's the Highland Creek subdivision.
I think I know where it's at. So it's the subdivision like the housing complex that's down there or is it in the business center?
it looks like it is actually in the housing center with the Highland town houses.
OK, all right. Can you do me one more favor real quick? Could you possibly provide me with a phone number for them so that I could contact them just to ask a couple questions before I headed in?
Yeah I can do that for you. Was there anything that I could maybe answer for you?
Well I I kind of wanted to speak to a teller if I could.
OK I totally understand that. so let me find the direct phone number for you. So a direct phone number to the business is I'm sorry to that bank branch is eight one six, two one seven, four thousand. And you can also reach them through our one eight hundred number. It's one eight hundred, two eight eight, nineteen eighty-one. And it would be when you get to the option for a bank location, you'll just choose location one seven four. So you'll just type in one seven four into your into your keypad of your phone. OK?
Yeah let me just write all this down real quick. One seven four. All right I think that's that's what I needed.
OK Jill, was there anything else that I could maybe do to help you today?
No I think that's everything . I'm ready to go now. I wanna try to get this done before five p.m..
OK that's that's great. So you just do bear in mind that if you if you aren't able to make it if you're obviously not able to make it, you said it was after five right now. So if you're not able to make it today you will have that seven p.m. teller option any day Monday through Friday and two to two to four thirty on Saturdays, all right?
Thank you for choosing Intellibank. You have a good day.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name's Cecilia. How can I help you?
Hey.
Good afternoon.
Sorry, I just need some help.
Sure. I'll be more than happy to assist you. Can I have your first and last name, with your date of birth, please?
Yeah. My name's John Rodriguez. My date of birth is September first nineteen eighty-five.
OK.
Thank you. Let me go ahead and confirm that information into the system. Can you verify your debit card number for me?
I don't have that with me at this moment. let me, let me see if I could get it for you.
Oh no, that's fine. Can you confirm the last four of your social?
Yeah, that's zero one one two.
Thank you.
Now, for security purposes, do you mind me asking, can you confirm your mother's last name?
Yeah, that's .
Thank you.
Now, Mr. Rodriguez, how can I help you?
Well, I've been having a lot of issues. I was driving around my, my wife wanted me to buy some food for the family, but I needed to get some cash out, and I, I don't have much. And that place I'm going to doesn't accept debit card or credit card. so I was wondering why have to drive so far away just to go to your bank.
let, let, let alone not only the bank, an ATM, to get some money out. And I don't wanna use any other ATMs, because there's fees and, I mean, it's not worth it. On top of it I'm spending gas. So I don't know. I'm just thinking what to do if, if I should just I think I'm gonna close this account.
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that. I wish there'd be something different we could do to help you resolve this issue. But I'd be more than happy to assist you with this. do you want to verify, please, your account number for me?
Yeah, that's zero two three one two three four one.
Thank you. Can you confirm the number, that's zero two three, one two, three four one. Is that correct?
Yeah it's, it's correct. Just before you, you, you make make anything on my checking account I need to move all my funds to my savings account. My wife doesn't know I'm doing this yet. I'm just frustrated. I wanna keep that one open, at least until she decides what to do with the money. I'm pretty sure she's not gonna be very happy with me closing the account.
but hey, it's, it's, she's not the one that's driving all the time. like I said, it's just frustrated that I have to keep going back and forth. And it's, it's far away.
Oh I sincerely understand and apologize that you're going through this inconvenience. I I'd wish, like I said earlier, that we, we'd have a closer bank, or an ATM that can fulfill your needs, that your looking for that we re~, definitely we wouldn't want to miss you as a, a customer. But I'll be willing to, happy to move the five thousand dollars that you currently have to your account.
So it, it'll be the full five thousand dollars, right?
Yeah. It's just the five thousand dollars. That's, that's all we have right now. And I'll cancel my, my other information, the, the direct deposit I'll from my work. I guess I'll change it on my own.
OK. That's five thousand dollars that'll be transferred to your savings account. Give me one second while I go in to doing that.
Yeah. Go ahead and take your time.
OK. I'm showing here that we've made the transfer for the five thousand dollars. you should be able to view them as of tomorrow. But it'll take effect, full effect as of this Friday the eighth. that way if you two view your account you will definitely be able to verify that the full five thousand dollars have been transferred into your checking account. How I don't show that your wife has access to your savings account, sorry, I just transferred it to the savings account, but don't show that your wife has, has access to that funding. So I, I suggest that if you have the time to come by and add her oh as least one time. That way you would avoid having any difficulty with her accessing the savings account. She was on the checking account, but there's still two different accesses that, that you didn't enable for her. So it's very important that she is aware of that. is there anything else I can help you with from any of our banking services that we have?
no, no, I don't think so. Everything seems fine. No, I'll stay the way that it is right now and thank you for canceling the checking account. Sorry about that.
No, no, no, no problem. Thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi Daisy. I was hoping you could tell me what my balance is. You know, my sister wants to borrow some money and I really need to know exactly how much I can spare.
Absolutely. I'd be happy to help you with that.
And let's just pull up your account.
What is your full name and address please?
Yeah, it's George Emery and I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle. And that's in Branson Missouri. And the ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you. And then what is your phone number?
it's six one two, two two nine, three nine zero nine.
Oh and also, just in case you need it, my email is G Emery at Hotmail dot com.
Great. And then can you verify your account number for me?
sure. I have it somewhere in my phone. Do you mind giving me just a second just to look for it?
No. Go ahead, take your time.
Thanks.
All right. I've got it.
OK. I'm ready.
It's zero zero one six, three nine two two one seven.
Thank you.
your balance is eight thousand four hundred ten dollars, and sixty-two cents.
and could you tell me the locations of any ATMs near me?
ATMs near you? Absolutely. One moment while I look that information up.
Yes. I've got two locations within one mile of you. We've got one at two twenty-eight Laverne Court, and then theres one at four ninety-six Macintosh Street.
OK.
Actually
My sister and I, we bank at the same branch, so. I think maybe I should do a wire transfer. Do you think you could help me with that?
Sure. I'd be happy to help you with that. Will we be transferring to your sister's savings or checking account?
It's her checking account.
OK. And what is her checking account number?
It's zero zero, one six, three nine, three three one eight.
Thank you. And how much would you like to transfer?
Let's do three hundred.
Great. One moment while I put this information together. And then I will have you confirm before I submit.
OK.
All right.
George Emery is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of three hundred dollars. From his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine, two two one seven. To his sister's checking account number zero zero, one six, three nine, three three, one eight. Is this correct?
Yeah.
Great.
It'll be just a moment and then I'll have a transaction ID number for you.
OK great. That's great.
How's your day going Daisy?
Oh pretty good. Been keeping busy. Constant calls all day today.
That's, that makes the day go by faster though, so I kinda like it. How's your day goin?
It's going good. You know, just had some, family trouble. My sister needs help. I'm gonna do what I can.
Well it's great that you're able to help her. That's really nice.
And I have your transaction ID number. Do you have a pen?
Yes.
All right. Your transaction ID number is nine nine, one seven, six two nine.
And your final balance is eight thousand, one hundred and ten dollars and sixty-two cents.
OK. That number is nine nine one seven six two nine, right?
You got it. Anything else I can help you with today?
yeah. I saw you guys on your website, that you have online banking. would I be able to do this myself there?
Yeah you can do wire transfers online. You can do bill pay, you can check your balance, and even check your monthly statements there.
Have you been to our website?
Yes.
Oh so you all ready have login information?
no, I wasn't able to log in.
Oh so you went to WWW dot Intellibank dot com but were not able to log in?
Yeah.
the first time that you're using our online banking platform, you must click on first time users enroll here and then read and accept the online banking disclosures. And then you'll be asked to enter your account number, social security number, date of birth, and to create a password.
Once you're logged in, you'll be promoted, you'll prompted to choose and answer five security questions, and also enroll in the one time security code feature.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, that makes sense.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today George?
no. That should about do it.
OK. Thanks for calling Intellibank. Have a great day.
Thank you, you too. Bye.
Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Carl. How may I help you?
Hey, Carl, how's it going?
Well, how are you doing?
not so good. I need to report my my card stolen.
OK. let me get your first and last name.
Or missing.
first name is Tanya, last name Bishop.
OK. T A N Y A and Bishop, B I S H O P?
Yes.
All right.
And, Tanya, what is your birthdate?
my birthday is November twentieth nineteen seventy-eight.
All right. November twentieth nineteen seventy-eight? All right. And, Tanya, give me a an address for you.
Yep.
two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
Camas, Montana. Nine one zero one one.
Two seventy Silver Cloud Road, Camas Montana, nine one zero one one?
Yes.
All right.
OK. And, Tanya, a good phone number for you?
it is three sorry, it's three oh one three four five nine nine eight seven.
So it was three zero one three four five nine nine eight seven, correct?
Yes.
OK.
And, all right, I'm pulling up your credit card. And that this is your platinum Visa? Is that correct?
yeah, and there's I was just looking, actually my card wasn't even working.
Oh, sorry, I don't have my card, but I was trying to go put gas, and then like, I just couldn't find my card.
And then I came home and I looked online and there's a huge charge made on in Walmart.
OK.
huge it's to me. I mean it's over a thousand dollars.
OK. OK, so I'm pulling up your account now, and I'm gonna need the last four of your social security number?
three four one one.
OK, three four one one. And the name of your first pet?
Rocky.
OK.
How do you spell Rocky?
It's R O C K I.
OK. Rocki. All right.
The, both of those checked out. All right. OK, so, yes. I am in your credit card account ending in eight one. Eight one zero zero.
And I do see a charge for Walmart for one thousand eighty-three dollars and twenty-five cents.
Man, they went shopping there!
the does look like that and that was yesterday afternoon.
OK. so what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna cancel this card.
OK.
And we will issue you a new one. We will have somebody from fraud detection will be contacting you.
sometime either today or tomorrow, depending on how backed up they are.
OK.
the new card will be sent via FedEx and will be there in two days.
Do you know like around what time?
I do not. What time does FedEx normally deliver to your location?
Oh, excuse me.
I think probably around lunch time.
OK.
So, it will probably come around that same time. Actually, it's gonna be coming before lunch time because it is priority.
OK, well then I will be home.
OK.
All right, and that was going, again, to two seventy Silver Cloud Road in Camas Montana.
Yes.
And the was nine one zero one one?
Correct.
OK.
All right. So, that will be let me see. Your card is canceled now. somebody from fraud detection will be contacting you, shortly.
OK.
your new card will be out, shipped and you will have it in two days.
The is there any other? your ATM card, was that in?
No. It's just seems some just some how it's just my credit card.
Just the one credit card?
Yeah.
OK.
All right, so, is there anything else that I can help you with today?
actually, since I'm not in front of the computer, could you please check and tell me what was the last charge on my debit card? Just wanna make sure that.
Just. OK. So the last charge on your debit card in your account ending in two three one one.
Was a charge from Kroger.
For thirty-five dollars and forty-three cents.
That was this morning?
that was this morning, yes.
OK. So. OK.
So.
OK. That then then it's all good.
OK.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, it's so you said two to three days?
it'll be two days.
Coming.
Two days, OK.
OK. All all right. So then this cancel my card, basically from this moment that we're talking, it's no longer active?
Yes, your.
It is no longer active. If you have any automatic bill pays that are going on to that credit card, you will need to update them to the new card number.
And then, who's going to take care of that thousand dollars in Walmart? Am I paying that?
No, our fraud detection unit will be in touch with you about that.
OK.
All right. Well that sounds better. At least my day got a little bit better.
OK.
OK, good. I'm glad.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
no, that's all, Carl.
All right. Thank you.
Have a great day.
Thank you, you too.
All right.
bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Melanie. How can I help you?
Hey Melanie. How you doing? I I I'm in big big trouble. I'm actually in my car outside work on my lunch break and I need to make a transfer from one of my accounts to another coz I have a bill that's about to get cashed and the money is not there and I I don't want bounced fees please.
All right. OK no problem. I could help you with this right away what is your first and last name?
Hi, my first name is Kenny.
OK.
Bennett.
Can you spell your last name for me Mr. Bennett?
It's B E N N E T T.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. OK and what is your date of birth?
Oh six oh two nineteen eighty.
OK and the last four digits of your social.
Zero zero five nine.
OK so how can I help you?
All right so I I like I'm sure most people do I I wrote out some bills.
Mm
And the money is not in my account I didn't get a chance to transfer it yet and I need you to transfer from my my my savings account that I have over to my checking account so these bills do not bounce and I don't get hit with those fees.
Right exactly OK. So what is your savings account number?
OK so this is where the problems is gonna come in. Like I said I'm at work I'm in my car I'm on my lunch break. I don't have my account numbers with me. I I can give you my social my date of birth I gave my my home address I mean I just don't have my accounts on me. It's at home.
OK I'm so sorry Mr. Bennett but for this kind of transaction I am going to need your account number in order to work with you over the phone with customer service. If you could ago. Are you near a branch by any chance?
Are y~.
No no.
Are you sure? Maybe I can.
I'm pos~
Yeah I'm absolutely positive.
OK.
Cuz I I can I can like look up a branch near you and maybe you can if you could go over there in person and like have your driver's license to show them proof that it's you you sure there's no way you could do that?
I I
Yeah.
I'm absolutely sure like where my job is we're kinda like off the beaten path and we're like not near the downtown area where the branches are like I I I'm really I'm really kinda troubled here and hey is there there has to be a way you can help me.
Is and there's you don't do any online banking with us? Do you have your online?
I don't.
I do not.
you. Do you have your checking account number?
I I I don't.
None.
Of your account numbers?
My account numbers.
Are at home. And it just it just hit me like today's date is you know the nineteenth and I was like. Oh no Oh no those those are gonna come out I need to make sure the money's there and.
Uh-huh.
Right.
I know it's not there and I'm gonna be in deep trouble
I I totally understand and I apologize if you can just hold on for one second.
OK.
I'm gonna ask my supervisor if there's anything that I can do but normally with Intellibank the way that our bank works when you call the customer service line you need to have the account numbers because you're on my on the phone with us. If if you were in person or I I'm gonna see maybe if I can do anything to mark your account to say like you know you did call and you made an effort to try to not make these payments bounce
But but I have my like yeah I like I I have my social I have my date of birth you know? And it's I'm transferring from my accounts. It's not like I'm transferring to stranger's account.
Right. I understand. I know.
Right.
Right.
I understand but we still need to. When you call our customer service line with Intellibank, I know with other banks they will just accept your social security number or you know your date of birth and all that but with our bank we're very strict when it comes to online calls because we don't obviously absolutely I'm not accusing you of identity theft or anything like that but we just want to make sure that our customers are secure when calling we wanna make sure that it's really you because we want your account to be secure. I don't want to put into any more kind of stress at all. I understand completely what you're going through if you can just hold on and I'm gonna ask my supervisor. Just give me a second. Is Is that OK with you?
Yes.
OK I'll be right back.
OK sir are you still there?
Yes.
I am so sorry I apologize but we cannot do anything right now unless you have your account number. I'm really sorry. I feel horrible but if you when you get home our customer service line is open until eight p.m.. So I made a note on your account of the situation that you're experiencing so if you could just when you get home just even you have a checkbook that you can look at or any kind of bank statements that are mailed to your house would have your account number you have until eight p.m. to call us back. Would that could that work out for you?
that that might work like like I said I have my account numbers at home.
OK.
Right.
I just I I I'm I'm in my car panicking.
OK.
Are you can you are you gonna be going home right after work?
I I can't to to make sure like this.
Like I'm guessing as of right now these bills have not hit so I guess.
They haven't.
No.
OK. OK so after work then I'm gonna have to rush home and make sure I get back in touch with you guys before.
Yes.
Yes.
Your customer hours customer service hours.
Please.
Please.
Do that. My name is Melanie so I I put a note in your account so when you call back tell the next agent you you probably won't get me that you spoke with Melanie and I put notes in your account and just give them your account number and they'll be able to help you right away.
OK.
As I said the line is open until eight p.m..
OK.
OK and don't worry about it. Please don't stress. We're here for you when you get home.
OK.
OK, all right.
I appreciate that. Thank you so much.
OK.
We'll talk to you again soon.
Bye.
Bye, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jane. How can I help you today?
I got this notice in the mail regarding a rate increase.
But an agent told me that the rate was fixed till the end of the year.
Trying to understand what's that for and if you can help me with any info. That'll be great.
My husband and I just got back from vacation at the beach and just got the letter when we returned.
Certainly. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that today.
A beach vacation sounds lovely for this time of year. I hope you had a nice time.
We had a very nice time.
In order to access your account and research the letter that you received, I need to obtain some information about your account.
I sure am glad I called Intel Bank when I did.
I'm sorry, ma'am. Did you mean Intellibank?
Oh yes, of course.
Let me get your information so I can look up your account. I have May I have the first and last name?
Jennifer Jones.
Date of birth?
Ten fourteen nineteen sixty-eight.
Just a moment while I get my card. Forty-five sixty-two sixty-nine eighty-seven forty-five eighty-seven twenty-three fifty-six.
Credit.
And bank account number?
Five six two three two one.
I need to confirm your information back as you have given it to me for security purposes.
I have the first name is Jim the name is Jennifer Jones.
Date of birth ten fourteen nineteen sixty-eight and card number is four five six two six nine eight seven four five eight seven two three six five with bank account numbers five six two three two one.
Mhm. We did do a campaign. Offering select customers a rate lock to give our loyal customers that lock in rate. All rate increases were effective immediately as was handed down by our corporate offices.
However, we do have a promotion right now that will lock in your rate for twelve months. Let me check to see if that offer is available to you. Give me a moment to check.
Sure, no problem. I really hope I could get the rate locked for the next twelve months.
That would really help me out a lot.
Great news, Ms. Jones. We can give you a promo to lock your rate for a full twelve months.
Would you like to go ahead and take care of that today on this call?
Oh, yes. That would great. me and my family.
Allow me a moment to make changes to your account to reflect that twelve months locked-in rate for you.
Sure, no problem. Can you tell me is the travel card still available?
Oh, do you mean the travelers card, Ms. Jones?
Oh, yes.
That's it.
Unfortunately, they have discontinued the travelers card at this time.
I have successfully added that locked-in rate to you for the next twelve months.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. I need to make an an internal transfer today between accounts.
Certainly. I can help you with that.
Unfortunately, I am required by law to ask all your information again. I do apologize for the repetitive nature of my questions.
I understand.
May I have the first and last name.
Jennifer Jones.
Date of birth.
Ten fourteen nineteen sixty-eight.
Driver's license number.
J one two six eight nine four.
And security question. What street did you grow up on?
Park Street.
And what is the withdrawal bank account number you wish the money to be withdrawn from?
Five six two three two one.
And the dollar amount for the transaction?
One thousand nine hundred.
And is this account going to be domestic, in the US, or international?
Domestic.
And the deposit routing number?
Two six zero nine nine nine five six zero.
And the deposit account number?
Six nine eight seven eight four.
I need to confirm your information back to you as you have given to me for security purposes.
I have the first and last name as Jennifer Jones. Date of birth, ten fourteen nineteen sixty-eight. Driver's license number J one two six eight nine four.
Security question was the street you grew up on which is Park Street. Withdrawal bank account number is five six two three two one.
Dollar amount, nineteen hundred dollars and this is a domestic money transfer. Routing number two six zero nine nine nine five six zero.
Deposit account number six nine eight seven eight four.
For account number five six two three two one, your balance is eight thousand nine hundred and sixty-five dollars and thirty-two cents.
After the transfer is complete, the balance will be seven thousand sixty-five dollars and thirty-two cents.
All US transactions will retain a fee of two ninety-nine in all fifty states.
While international transactions are eight ninety-nine per transaction. If funds cannot be accepted, it will return to your account within thirty days.
Your wire transfer has been complete and will be available to the recipient within three business days from today.
Thank you very much.
Would you like information about online banking? You can access information easily online and check your balance or transfer funds for more more conveniently in the future?
Not today.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No. But thank you for all your help today, Dana.
Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a nice day.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. my name is Evelyn Richards and I lost my card. And I would also like to get my account balance. And I would like to know when my credit card payment is due?
Thanks for calling. Ms. You said your name was Ms. Evelyn Richards?
Yes.
Thanks for calling, Ms. Richards. I'll be glad to assist you with those questions you have. first you stated that you, of course, lost your card, is that correct?
That's correct.
Sorry to hear that. I'll be glad to assist with that. Ms. Richards, if you would just before we get started I need to verify some information if you would. what is your date of birth and your phone number?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four and my number is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
OK and Ms. Richards what is your account number?
It's nine eight four six five nine.
And that's your checking account?
Yes.
OK and what is your card number that you lost?
OK the card number is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK and Ms. Richards what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
OK, I think I've gotten your account information pulled up here and I see the card on file, do you recall when you lost the card?
Yes I lost the card on September twelfth.
OK and on September twelfth you lost the card. do you know when you last used the card or where you last used it?
Yes, I last used it at Publix.
OK Publix. And Ms. Richards, if I can pull up some information here just to be certain here. What address would you like your new card sent to?
Send it to three six eight eight.
Mhm.
Layman Court. Smyrna, Georgia three zero zero eight zero.
OK that is three six eight eight Layman Court, Smyrna Georgia three zero zero eight zero?
yes.
And Ms. Richards, that's a lovely part of town.
Mm it is! I I love living there.
How long have you been in that area?
I've been there about twenty years.
I've heard so many great things about Smyrna. I mean I'm sure that it sounds like a fantastic place.
It is.
And Ms. Richards, I've gone ahead and canceled your card, as requested. And we will be sending your new card to the address in Smyrna. And you should receive your new card in about seven to ten business days.
OK I thank you, I appreciate that. And how can I set up an online banking?
Great question. with online banking, you can simply go to our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com and from there you can enter in your account number and set a username and password right there online. And once you've logged in to the account online with your online access you will be able to see all of your account information, right there. From there you can activate your new card when you receive it in the mail right there in our online banking.
OK.
Also you can check your account balances or any other transactions right there online, see what the different transactions are. that you may have had charged to the account.
OK I do like that.
And you also mentioned that you, of course, needed to check your account balance. It appears you have seven hundred and thirty-three dollars in your checking account.
OK. All right.
OK and you said you also wanted to check the balance for your credit card, is that correct?
Well, when my credit card payment is due.
OK, yes. I'll pull that up. And what is your credit card number Ms. Richards?
It is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK. Ms. Richards I see that your payment due date is on October twenty-fifth.
OK. All right thank you. And I would like to ask how I can cancel this card and get a new one?
OK that's actually what we just did for you there Ms. Richards. we canceled out the are you speaking of the card you lost or of the new credit card that you have a payment due on?
The card that I lost.
Terrific, yes. we've already done that for you. We've canceled out the card and you'll be receiving a new one in the mail within seven to ten business days.
OK. All right. Thanks.
And is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like to also make a wire transfer.
OK. Happy to glad to help you with that. And if you would Ms. Richards, what account did you want to to to fund your wire transfer?
Nine eight four six five nine.
OK and that is for your checking account that has seven hundred and thirty-three dollars in it?
Yes.
OK and how much did you want to transfer?
I'd like to transfer two-hundred dollars.
OK two-hundred dollar wire transfer. Will that be domestic or international?
Domestic.
OK and all of our domestic wire transfers, there is no cost for that, if it's for two business days. Same day there is a dollar charge for.
OK.
Any questions about that?
No. No questions.
OK. And what account did you want to send your wire to, what is the routing number?
OK it is three two eight one seven four.
OK that's three two eight one seven four?
Yes.
And what is the account number that you want to wire the funds to?
Six one zero four nine one.
OK that six one zero four nine one?
Yes.
OK Ms. Richards it looks like I was able to get that processed. And you can of course go online with that online banking as we discussed earlier to monitor the wire transfer and also you can also do your authorize your wire transfers online, as well.
Oh OK that I that's good, I like that.
Terrific. Well, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No there's not anything else.
Well thank you Ms. Richards, we really, again, appreciate your business here at Intellibank.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. This is your Intellibank customer service agent. How may I assist you today?
I saw this paper that says Intellibank.
Operates at many hours. That confused me. Can you tell me more about it that?
it's pronounced Intellibank, just for future reference. Also, I believe what could help you better, is finding a branch close to you. Is that right?
Thank you so much for correcting my error in pronunciation. Yes, it would be better help me to find a branch close to me.
What is the nearest street address to your location?
Oh I'm trying to look outside from within my house.
But my vision isn't what it used to be. Let me go outside and check the street address.
Up close.
That's fine. I can wait.
It is seven nine two, Madrid Street.
There are lovely bird that trip around this area at this time of the day. Before my vision went bad, I could see crimson colored cardinals around here.
That sounds delightful ma'am. It's a good thing that you can still hear their songs to this day. Also, it is chirp.
That is true.
I want to make sure I fulfill your request. So let's continue with that. What is the city you live in?
The city I live in is called Seattle.
Perfect. Thank you. What is the name of the US state you reside in?
The name of the state I reside in, is Washington.
Here is the rest of the information you need. My saving account is nine four, seven three, zero two, six seven five.
The last four digits of my social security number is zero three four five. And my phone number is three five, eight nine, three zero, three seven, four five.
I only needed the US state you currently reside in. Sorry.
My mistake.
It's no trouble. I'm pulling up information about the nearest banks to your location. I see that there's one bank within less than a mile away from you.
It's tucked into an outlet mall so, that may be why it's hard to find.
The opening hours of the bank are nine a.m. to four-thirty p.m. in specific daylight time zone.
Oh my apologies. I meant to say Pacific.
In fact, you can go there right now, if it's urgent.
You're very helpful.
Thank you. I want to make sure you receive all the information you need to know.
Could you search up if there are more banks within a reasonable distance from my location?
Certainly. Give me a few moments, please.
OK. I found three more options.
The first one is a bank within one point five miles away from you. The second bank is within three miles away from you, and the last bank is six miles away from you.
Say, I'm not able to go to these branches because I'm physically ill.
What do I do then?
We have an online banking app for that sort of scenario. The app is called Intellibank Mobile and it's on the Google Play store.
If you're uncomfortable with the app, you can also use our website.
Thank you so much again. May you, may I ask what is your name?
My name is Ruth. Is there anything else you'd like assistance with today?
Yes, there is a few more things.
What are the opening hours for the other three banks?
Does the first bank has, have a, a great rating?
The first bank's hours are from eight o'clock in the morning to three-thirty p.m. Pacific Daylight Time Zone.
The second bank's hours are from eight-thirty in the morning, to three o'clock in the afternoon, Pacific Daylight Time Zone.
The last bank's hours are from nine o'clock in the morning to four-thirty in the in the afternoon.
The first bank has a phenomenal five out of five star rating.
OK. My better option is to go to the nearest bank to me, then. Because it closes later.
Yes!
Is there anything else you need help with?
No that is it for now. Thank you so much for helping me.
You're welcome. Thank you for choosing Intellibank. Have a nice day!
Thank you Ruth. You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank today. For to who I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Hi. My name is Divina Sinclair.
Good morning, Divina. How's your morning going thus far?
It is good. How is yours?
Doing well. Declare the last spelling on that last name for me?
S I N C L A I R.
Perfect. what can I do to help you?
so I'm out of town right now actually and I really need to deposit a check. I looked online and you guys don't have any banks in the area. Could I possibly deposit it over the phone?
Oh we don't have the phone service where you can take a photo of it and add it yet for you but we do have some ATMs all over the country So let's do a couple things here. We're trying to get into the you're going try to deposit into your checking account. OK.
Do you know what address you're at by chance?
I do not.
You do not. OK. What city are you currently in?
I am in New York.
You're in New York City. Oh. The big apple. Should be a good time.
So far so good.
All right.
So then in New York and New York state is the state that you're in. And do you by chance see any streets?
I see Nineteenth Street I see Caramel Drive.
OK. That'll narrow it down for us a little bit. Have you had an opportunity to download our app on your phone yet because we do have an ATM locator map on there.
I have not.
All right. Well that might be a great way when you d~. I'll also make sure to send you that link when we get of the phone here just so you can download that to your phone. And you said when you get there, you're trying to deposit a a bank a checking?
Mhm.
Yes. I'm trying to deposit a check into my account.
OK. I found a couple of ATMs that might be a little bit closer to you. They are from another bank. I would have to inform you that they may have fees to do that. is that something that you'd want to proceed with or do you want me to find one that looks like it's going to be a little bit further away? Are you than the bank that's closest to you.
yeah. I'm actually on a budget. If you could look at the further ones.
OK. Looks like we have one right down the street from where you are at. I'm going to go ahead and send you over a text so you have access to all those locations and then that should be able to pop right up on there. Once you sign into there, it has the locations nearest to you that will automatically prepopulate. Just to let you know on that account too, there is a five hundred dollar cash daily limit. Is there any other services that you would need at the time when you're at the ATM?
I actually need to pull out more than five hundred. How should I go about doing that?
Let take a couple look inside your account. So I haven't gotten your account information yet. Let's what is your bank account number that we're trying to do this with?
My account number is five six three six eight one nine zero.
One nine zero was the last part of those again?
Yes, sir.
OK. Just give me a moment here. I'm entering some information in.
Yeah. No rush. Thank you.
What is the pin number that you have associated with your account?
three one four nine.
Three one four nine oh. Perfect. It looks like that's the one we got for you as well. And one more just to make sure we're keeping your account secure for you, what is your mother's maiden name?
Kaffleflack.
Kaffleflack. Perfect. That's what we have in here for you as well. So just to verify, I'm going to send you over a link that should come to your phone number. Let's what is your phone number that we need to send that to in case it's not the one associated with your account here?
My phone number is three one four six three five nine nine two zero.
Six three five nine nine two zero?
Yes.
Perfect. And looks like we still have you at eleven Clark Avenue in Saint Louis. Is that where you currently live?
I actually moved.
Oh, perfect.
let's let's get that changed for you while we're got you on the phone.
I.
One second. Lemme.
Get to that screen and I'll get your new address from you.
No, you're good.
Thank you, Miss Sinclair. All right. I got that screen address brought up. So what was the new address?
It is a thousand seven hundred seventy-six Florence Avenue seven six five eight eight three Louisiana.
Oh. You live in New Orleans. How very nice.
Yes, sir. I am very excited. I love it here.
That's amazing. Congratulations on getting moved. So it looks like that text message has gone through. You should have see that pop up on your phone at any moment. Does anybody ever talk to you that we also offer different credit cards? Have you are you interested in any new credit services for your account today?
Thank you. Thank you.
I'm not.
Perfect. Well have I answered all the questions that you've called in for today, Miss Sinclair?
Yes, you have. I didn't catch your name.
My name is Bobby McGee.
All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Absolutely. If you have any other questions, definitely call us back on that phone line. And you'll see some a lot of helpful information in that app that we sent you as well.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Ashley how may I assist you today?
Yes hi I was just speaking with Whitney and she was in the middle of helping me find a branch and we got disconnected.
Oh wow I'm sorry to hear the call was disconnected but I'll definitely be happy to assist you with that.
yes I do see there's a record of a call here based on the phone number that you called in with I don't know what happened but no worries I got you from here OK.
Thank you and what information do you need from me again to help find the branch?
first let's start with your street address please?
It is one four three three Orange Avenue.
And city and state?
Orlando, Florida.
And your ZIP code please?
Three two seven six six.
Thank you. All right so it will just be a moment here and I'll be able to bring up the locations nearest to you.
OK.
All right so I do see that we have two branches within a five mile radius of your address one's at fourteen sixty-seven Abscot Street in Winter Park Florida.
The other is at one thirty-four Aloma Avenue in Winter Park. Do those locations sound familiar to you?
Those streets?
They do.
OK. All right so that's where they are they're hours are Monday through Friday nine a.m. to five p.m. . Both of them do have twenty-four hour ATM ATMs available, both are equipped with cash to be able to do cash deposits and they're also both drive up and the location that's on Abscot Street has the teller assist .
For regularly banking hours, they don't really have them at night I don't believe but if you have a more complex transaction that you need help with the teller assist lane would be the best one for you. now I could email these locations to you if you'd like or you can also find the branch's locations by entering your ZIP code or street address into our website at Intellibank dot com. Which do you prefer?
I didn't even think about the website I'll give it a look on the website.
OK.
And do do I need to schedule an appointment to see a branch representative?
as a matter of fact you do not.
Oh.
Oh sorry.
Yeah.
I don't mean to interrupt. Do we have to wear a mask inside as well?
That's OK.
well.
The to answer your first question you don't need to set an appointment to see a branch rep a branch representative you have the option to do that online or through our Intellibank app
You may have to wait a few minutes if there's some people ahead of you .
but you don't need it's not required to set an appointment. the as far as masks are concerned they are highly recommended but they are not required we're not gonna turn you away if you don't have a mask on all of our representatives in the branch have agreed to wear masks so it's your you know freedom and right to choose whether you want to wear a mask OK.
Oh goodness thank God for that one.
Yes right freedom of choice.
I can't.
.
All right.
Absolutely
Cannot breath in those.
Oh, they're. They're terrible. They're terrible. I mean, I. I understand, you know, why they're out there but you know it is hard for people especially like myself who I have asthma it's very hard for me to breath in them I can't wear a mask for that long at all.
Some.
Mm and they're uncomfortable.
Very all right and would you like any further information about our online banking in order to check balances look at branches, anything like that?
yes ma'am because I actually didn't think about using the website earlier I don't even think I've set one up if you could tell me how to do that?
Yeah sure. OK so there's two options, you can go to if you want to do it from like your desktop or from your phones mobile browser you can to Intellibank dot com. You just create a username and password the most likely they are going to be asking you for your personal banking information just in order to verify that you are a you know a client of ours a customer of ours. So just make sure that you have your banking info available when creating the account cuz I'm pretty sure they ask you for your checking account and routing number. you can then go to your profile settings and you can update all of your personal info in there if you want.
that's where you gonna add everything, make any changes that you need will be the profile section of either the app or the website.
so it's it's very easy and convenient for you so if you have if you have any questions about it or you need help you can feel free to give us a call OK?
All righty.
OK.
Think I've
Got it.
All right. And is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No ma'am thank you so much.
All right you're very welcome you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too thank you.
Thank you bye bye.
Hello, this is Michelle from Intellibank. How are you doing today?
I'm doing OK, how are you?
I'm good too, thanks for asking.
How can I help you today?
I was wanting to update some of my personal information and I also had my credit card get stolen.
Oh, so sorry to hear that, that your card has been stolen. I can certainly help you with that.
Before we proceed further, I would like to verify your account.
May I have your first name and last name please.
my name is Lucy Jonas.
Can you please spell your last name?
J O N A S.
All right, thank you so much.
May I have your date of birth please?
My birthday is March third nineteen eight ninety-eight.
All right, so your birthday is March third nineteen ninety-eight, is that correct?
Yes.
All right, well, I need to verify your ID before we proceed further. May have your bank account number?
the yes, the account number is nine seven three six one four three.
OK, I'll repeat. It is nine seven three six one one three, is that correct?
the last two numbers are actually four three.
Oh, sorry about that. So it is nine seven three six one four three, is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
All right, thank you so much.
OK, you can give you can give your credit card number but not now. We will need it later.
So for security reasons, I would like to ratify your identity. So, may I have your mother's maiden name?
her middle her maiden name is Miller.
All right so, is it M I L L E R? Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, fine. Thank you so much. So, what is your account number or credit card number?
My account number is nine seven three six one four three.
All right, thank you so much. So, which type of information do you want to update? Like your address, phone number or email ID?
I wanted to update my street address.
All right, so what is your street address? I would like to know your previous street address and then we will update your newest street address.
My previous street address was five four three seven Eagle Street and I've moved to three nine six one Main Street.
OK, so you moved to three nine six one Main Street so is it in the Joliet itself or somewhere else?
yes, it's in Joliet.
All right so what's is the ZIP code for this?
Six oh four three three.
All right, thank you so much. Give me a moment. I'm going to update your personal information.
Well your personal information has been updated.
Perfect, thank you.
You're welcome. Now let me help you with your stolen card.
So before we proceed further, I would like to verify your account.
So may I have your first name and now last name again please?
Lucy Jonas.
All right, thank you so much.
May I have your date of birth please?
My birthday is March third nineteen ninety-eight.
OK so I'll repeat. It is March third nineteen ninety-eight.
Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Thank you.
Well, I need to ratify your ID before we proceed further.
May I have your bank account number?
My account number is nine seven three six one four three.
All right, so your number is, bank account number is nine seven three six one four three. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
All right, thank you so much. For security reasons, I would like to verify your identity.
May I have your street address where you grew up?
I grew up on five four three seven Eagle Street.
All right.
OK fine. So now give me your credit card number.
My credit card number is one six nine four one three seven two four six four one nine three two one.
All right, sorry about that. Can you please repeat your credit card number?
yes it is one six nine four one three seven two four six four one nine three two one.
OK, so it is one six nine four one three seven two four six four one nine three two one, is that correct?
Yes.
All right, perfect. Which date your card was stolen?
it was stolen on October fifth.
OK, your card was stolen recently. So can you provide me the date you used your card for the last time?
I used it earlier that day so October fifth.
OK, earlier that day so it was October fifth. OK. Do you remember where you used your card that day?
I used it at Target.
OK. So, I'm going to cancel your card right away and after that, I'll re-issue you a new card.
So just bare with me I'm just going to go ahead and do it right away.
All right, thank you.
Well, your card has been canceled now. So, I'm going to re-issue you a new card. So what is the mailing address you want your card to arrive?
at my own address so three six sorry at three nine six one Main Street.
OK so, you want your card to arrive at three nine six one Main Street Joliet which I have it on on the file and does it go to six zero four three three, is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
All right, fine, thank you so much.
So, you will receive your card in your mailing you will receive your card in your mail within five business days.
So well, once you receive your card, you will see the customer care number at the back of your card. Simply call them to activate your new card. OK?
OK, thank you so much.
You're welcome, thank you. Do you want to know about online banking? It is a very convenient way to do your transactions.
All right, fine, no problems. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Not at the moment.
All right, fine, thank you so much. Again, this is Michelle. Thank you for calling Intellibank, have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you. Take care, bye.
Bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank this is Carl how may I help you?
Hey Carl, this is Tanya how's it going?
Well how are you doing today Tanya?
Oh I'm good I just have to do a few changes on my account.
OK. How can I help you?
Well I'm switching cell phone carriers because my reception at my house is just ridiculous it's like I live in a bunker or something.
OK.
so what do you need from me in order to do that?
OK so you're changing your telephone number?
I am changing my telephone number yeah.
OK. So the first thing we would need to do is get into your account. So give me your first and last name again please.
Tanya, T as in Thomas. A N Y A.
OK.
And last name is Bishop. B as a boy, I S H O P.
OK. Tanya Bishop. And Tanya what is your birth date?
it is January first nineteen seventy-eight.
Oh January first nineteen seventy-eight?
Yeah.
All right you're a new years baby.
I am a new years baby. I can't image what was for my parents. I ruin I have ruined their celebration probably. They never told me that so. It's nice.
Well you always have a party on your birthday.
yes I do.
And you always have the day off, so perfect.
That is true yeah.
All right so Tanya. And let me see. OK I have your account here. for security purposes your last four of your social security number.
three four one one.
OK. And your mother's maiden name?
oh my gosh I'm drawing a blank. Oh my gosh it's . Oh my gosh it's Summer.
OK. It's summer out?
No it's it's snowing outside. It's it's snowing. We woke up to eight inches of snow. Can you b~. Yesterday was a beautiful . You should know. Yeah you probably seen that, but actually I don't know. Where are you located actually now?
Oh wow.
I'm actually in a call center in San Diego, California.
Oh lucky you. Well guess what I woke up to eight inches of snow. And there are fallen trees on my driveway.
Oh wow. That's a lot of snow.
That is a lot of snow. How is it in San Diego? Nice and warm?
it is. It's like summertime here year-round.
OK I don't wanna hear it.
All right so we are updating your phone number correct?
correct.
So I have on file three zero one, three four five, nine nine eight seven.
OK so scratch that one.
OK and which what's the new phone number?
the new phone number is six four five, five four six, six zero zero. Actually hold on let me let me check because I still don't know my phone number. OK so yes. So it's six four five, five four, six six zero zero.
OK I'm missing one digit on that.
Oh.
Six four five.
Six. Six four five, five four zero, six six zero zero.
OK. Six four five, five four zero, six six zero zero. Correct?
Yes.
Yes correct.
OK.
All right I have gone ahead and updated your phone number on your account. Do you want this to be the phone number across all of your accounts?
yes please.
OK. I will do that give me one second. All right perfect. I've updated your phone number across your accounts.
OK.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
yeah just bring some sunshine over here it would be nice.
Oh OK. Well you can always come down to San Diego it's sunny here every day.
Yeah maybe I should move. we'll see. Well, that's all Carl. I gotta go. Thanks so much.
OK.
All right.
Thank you very much f~. Thank you for being a customer of Intellibank. Have a great day.
Thanks bye.
Bye bye.
Hello this is Roger from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yeah I think I lost my card at Walmart a few days ago.
OK. OK. so would you want to get a new one ma'am? Would you like to get a new card issued to you?
Yeah. Yeah that sounds good.
I just hope nobody didn't yeah spend anything.
OK. I hope not either. so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ask you just for some basic information. Let me know when you're ready.
I'm ready.
Thank you so much ma'am. Can I have your first and last name?
Roshonda Jackson.
And can you spell Roshonda for me?
R O S H O N D A.
And is Jackson spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes sir that's correct.
OK thank you so much ma'am. Can I have your date of birth?
June thirtieth, two thousand and one.
Thank you so much ma'am. Can I have your state issue ID number or the last four digits of your social?
Yeah sure let me go get that.
OK, no problem.
All right. it's seven B for my state, it's seven B six five two C three one E seven eight A.
OK, thank you so much ma'am.
And do you happen to know the name of your first pet?
I believe I put down Lady. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am that is correct.
OK, good.
OK. And can I have the number to the credit card that was not not that was stolen. Excuse me. That was lost?
Yeah It's eight nine five zero two four two three four seven one five six seven six zero.
And was that six seven six zero?
Yes sir.
OK, thank you so much ma'am.
And do you happen to know the date that the card was lost?
I believe October first, yeah.
OK, thank you so much. And do you happen to know the most recent transaction that you made with the card, ma'am?
October first, at Walmart.
OK. Thank you so much ma'am. So what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna cancel the card that you had previously and I'm gonna work on to re-issuing another one. Can you just give me a couple of seconds?
Yeah sure.
Thank you so much ma'am.
Do you see any transactions made on that card, by the way?
No ma'am. No ma'am there was no other transactions except for the one on October the first and at Walmart that you told me, which is a good thing.
Do you know how much it was? Yeah.
yes ma'am. It was twenty-seven dollars and thirty three cents.
Yeah OK. That's correct. Good.
OK ma'am I have canceled that card. And I'm going to work on the process of getting you a new one. I'm looking at the address I have on file for you and it says three eight six Taylor Street, is that correct?
Yes sir.
OK thank you ma'am.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send you the card to that to that address that you have on file, and it's gonna take between one to two weeks.
For you to get that new card.
When you do get the new card ma'am, it will come through mail. And it will say Intellibank. the card will be enveloped in some paper. When you take the card out you're gonna see a sticky tab on it and the sticky tab is gonna have four digits and it's gonna have a number on the bottom of it. So what you're gonna do ma'am is you're gonna call call that number, and what's gonna happen is you're gonna go to our computer operating system, and you're gonna type in that PIN. And after that your card will be set up. It will set it up between I think it's I think it's usually between five to fifteen minutes. and it will update you. It's it will tell you to hold on your phone just to let you know that know that your card is active and and that you can use your card.
All right, that sounds good.
OK. Is there anything else that I could help you with today, ma'am?
No sir. That'll be all.
Thank you so much ma'am for calling me here at Intellibank We're open twenty-four seven, Monday through Friday. If you need us, do not hesitate to call. There will be a survey at the end of this call. If you do not mind can you please take the survey just to rate your experience today?
Have a good day, ma'am.
You too, and I'll take that survey.
Thank you so much. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. This is Intellibank, agent Jessica speaking. What would you like assistance with?
Hi. I saw in one of your online advertisements that you guys help people with making personal payments. Can you tell me more about it?
Yes. I can. I believe that you'd like to make a wire transfer towards a family member, right?
Actually. Yes. That's what I would like.
Wonderful! What is your first and last name?
My first name's Melanie and my last name's Gonzalez. I'm named after a lovely singer called Melanie Gonzalez. She uses theme lace adorned clothes in almost all of her music videos.
Wow! She sounds like a creative and beautiful singer.
Yes. She is.
What is your date of birth Melanie?
My My birthday is December the twenty-six nineteen eighty. Oh just to save time here is the other information. My birthplace is San Francisco and the ZIP code is nine four one zero five.
I appreciate the sentiment, but sadly I only need the birthdate. Are you still there?
Yes. Oh OK. My mistake then.
It's no trouble. I'll be asking you for an authenticating ID number. What is your sixteen digit credit card number?
I have dug into my pant pockets. And I cannot find my card. Can you give me a few seconds to check elsewhere please?
Certainly. Take your time.
I found my credit card. The credit card number is three nine four seven six nine three zero three four three five four seven eight eight.
OK. I got it. I'll be asking you one of your security questions. What is your best memory as a kid?
My best memory could be two words. Eating McDonald's and in all lower case letters.
That's the correct answer. What is the bank account number you wish for money to be withdrawn from?
The bank account is nine five seven five nine four seven four five three.
What is the dollar amount of the relevant transaction? Do you need some more time in order to think about it?
Yes I would like more time to think about it.
OK. I'll give you a few more minutes then. Let me know when you're ready.
It is one hundred dollars.
Is the recipient in the same country or in a different country?
They are in Thailand. So It is a different country.
What is the deposit routing number for the account that will receive the funds?
The deposit routing number is four zero five six eight three seven six eight.
What is the bank account number of the account you wish to use for the deposit?
The bank account number is seven five seven three five six two.
OK. The wire transfer should take two to three business days for it to go through.
I have some questions. Is there a fee I have to pay for international wire transfers? And if there is a fee, how much is it?
The fee is relatively small since it's just one percent.
I see. OK. I can not wait to use my new traveling card to go to Thailand.
Melanie. It's called a traveler's card.
Oh. Thanks for correcting me. I wasn't aware. I was saying it wrong for such a long time.
No worries. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all. Thank you. Have a nice day.
Thank you. You too Melanie.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How can I help you today?
yes, I'm at a gas station and the ATM machine's out of money and I can't use my Intel bank card because the machines are down.
Can you can you help me?
Oh yes sir, I sure can. I can give you a list of local ATMs, that way you can just go and get cash for your current transaction. Would that be OK with you?
Yes.
All right sir. before I can handle your request could you give me a little bit of information please?
Yes.
Could I get your first and last name?
Yeah, my first name Dale, last name Walker.
All right Mister Walker. I'm gonna need a little bit of information about the location you're currently calling from.
OK.
Could you give me that street address please?
yes, could you hold on please. let me try to find that.
Oh, OK I got it. It's sixteen North ten Oak Street Chicago Illinois. ZIP code six oh six five four five.
All right sir. You said sixteen North ten Oak Street?
Yes.
Chicago Illinois?
Yes.
And that ZIP was six zero six four five?
Yes that would be it.
All right sir, give me just one moment while I look up a few local ATMs.
OK.
All right.
All right sir. It looks like we do have a few ATMs close by that address. We have actually have two that look like they're in walking distance from that gas station.
OK.
And then we have three that's gonna take a little bit of driving to get to but they're within within less than a mile.
OK, could you start with the closest one first?
Yes sir. That first one is gonna be at nineteen Mason Avenue.
All right.
And that one is a twenty-four hour ATM.
OK.
The next one I have on file here is at four Columbia Court.
Four Columbia. You said Columbia Court?
Columbia. C O L U M B I A.
Thank you.
That one is not a twenty-four hour ATM, that's actually within the lobby of one of our branches. So that actually shuts down around ten p.m..
All right. .
All right sir. And the next three are gonna be a little bit of a drive.
Oh. OK.
The first one's at nine oh nine Garnet Street.
All right. Nine oh nine Garnet Street.
Yes sir. That's half a mile away.
All right.
The hours for that one are twenty-four.
All right, twenty-four.
Yes sir.
All right.
And this next one is at thirty-six East Bear Hill Street.
That one has a drive up ATM.
All right. OK. You say Bear Street?
Yes sir, Bear. B E A R.
OK. And this last one here is at eight six seven Riverside Avenue.
All right. Riverside Avenue.
Yes sir.
All right.
That one is a a mile away from your location though.
OK. And I asked you a question, is there a fee for any of these transactions?
No sir. There are no fees for our local branch transactions. It does look like we have a branch available at a different banking location.
Is that closer?
yes sir, it is a little bit closer to you. That one's within walking distance.
All right. Let me get that one please.
OK
Sir. there is a fee they normally charge when you do a debit through a different ATM that's not with our branch.
OK.
It can be anywhere from two to five dollars I believe.
All right.
OK. So this location is at one nine five North Barley. B A R L E Y Avenue.
All right.
All right. I got that.
Got that.
All right sir. And that location is actually twenty-four hours.
OK. Thank you. Thank you very mu~. So is it cool there in your part of town, or is it just OK there?
Al~
it's actually pretty good, right now we've been pretty sunny, no clouds and no rain. So working on that good fall weather.
That is lovely.
That's lovely.
That's great sir. I hope you'll be able to get to those ATMs in time, get your transactions squared away. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's about it. you helped me very very much. Lesley you said?
Yes sir, name is Lesley.
All
Right. Thank you Lesley.
Thank you so much Mister Walker. Have a great rest of your day.
You too there.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes, can you tell me where an ATM is near me?
Absolutely happy to help you with that. If I could just ask ma'am, what is your name?
Evelyn Richards.
Alright and Ms. Richards just to verify are you a customer with us here at Intellibank, or?
Yes.
Alright, terrific!
Ms. Richards let me just pull up your account information and verify that your account with us. what's your home and cell phone number?
Six, seven, eight, two, zero, two, four, two, five, three. Is the home number. Four, seven, eight, three, six, one, eight, oh, three, one is the cell number.
Terrific and if you would What is your home address?
One forty one Oakwood Avenue.
Smyrna, Georgia. Three, zero, zero, eight, zero.
Mhm.
My email is E Richard one at mail dot net.
OK.
Alright and by the way that's not correct, I I changed my email.
Oh, OK. Happy to get that updated, well go ahead.
OK. It is Evelyn Richards at mail dot net.
Understood, got that. so we got that Evelyn Richards at mail dot net.
Right.
Not a problem at all and I've gotten your account verified here with us Ms. Richards. Let me just ask what is the address, the street address where you're at that you're looking to find an ATM near?
OK. One, four, one James Road.
OK. That's one, four, one James Road?
Yes.
And what city is that?
Avondale Estates.
OK. That's Avondale Estates and what's the state?
Georgia.
Georgia, OK.
Alright. It looks like I was able to pull up a ATM that's about a quarter of a mile from the address you gave me Ms. Richards. It's at Twenty-two sixty-five
OK.
Riverwood Boulevard.
All right.
And that's in Smyrna Georgia.
OK. Well, is there another one you can give me?
sure. I see that there's also one not too far from there that's at thirteen fifty-two Broxton Road. And is there anything else that you need assistance with?
Alright, OK. I appreciate that!
Yes, can you tell me the limit that I can take out of the ATM?
Sure, yes if you are go to an ATM we have a daily withdrawal limit of about of seven hundred and fifty dollars. That's the limit for a withdrawals.
OK, that's good . That is a a pretty good amount and I can take that get a lot done with that large amount.
Well, terrific, terrific and let me just ask you, are you familiar with our online banking at all?
No I have not set up my online yet.
OK, not a problem Ms. Richards. Well, let me just tell you how it works with us briefly. all you need to do is go visit our website and at our website you just have your account number and then from there you can create your own username and password, whatever it is you choose to make up. And from there you can access your account right there online at our website.
OK, good!
And once you have access to the online part of our website, you'll be able to access your account. And from there you can check your account balance, you can transfer funds between, I see you have both a checking and a savings account with us.
Yes.
You can transfer funds between us. you can make payments to your car note with us. As well as to your platinum credit card. also with the online banking you can check for ATM locations also right there online.
Well, I think that is so convenient to have all of that availability.
Well, we do try to make it very convenient for our customers because we know you're very busy and we wanna make it as simple and easy as possible to do business with us here at Intellibank. Ms. Richards is there any other questions that you may have?
No, there are no other questions I have. I do agree with you, I am quite busy.
Well, I absolutely all of our customers are important to us and we wanna be mindful and respectful of your time and and make it as simple as possible so. With that said I don't wanna keep you tied up from the rest of your busy day. if there's nothing else we certainly do again appreciate your doing business with Intellibank and if that's all Ms. Richards?
Yes.
again, you have a terrific day!
You as well.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you?
Hey Rose. How you doing? I'm I'm a customer of your bank and I have it's kind of like a two part like question. It's not even an issue or problem. just a a process that I wanna go through. I am hoping you can help me do this and set this up over the phone.
Sure. What is your first and last name?
All right. My name is Larry and the last name is Grayson and that's G R A Y S O N.
OK, Mr. Grayson and what is your date of birth?
Oh six oh two nineteen seventy.
And the last four digits of you are social please.
Oh four two five.
OK. Great. OK, so how can I help you today?
OK, so I am a proud father. We have a new baby in our family. A new little. Thank you. A new little baby boy. Little baby Larry. And I wanted to I have a small savings account that I was just you know throwing some money in here and there. Like a little change thing. And I just wanna like see if I can transfer that and put that in little Larry's name and get him started on the right path of saving money. Even though he doesn't even know what money is.
Congratulations.
OK, that sounds great. So you wanna open up an account for Larry?
Yes.
And but you but do you want to keep that one savings account open for yourself or or you keep that and open a new one? Is that what you wanna do?
Nah.
I wanna close that one out. And take the money out of that one and start a whole new account. In Larry's name.
OK.
OK and you want it to be a savings?
Correct.
OK. OK. So first of all I'm gonna have you pick a security question so once it's
Ooh I
I I these are like a game to me. I love these.
Hey, can can I throw can I throw a couple out there?
OK. Do you I guess you happen to know some of the questions I'm gonna throw out to you.
could it be I what's childhood best friend?
that is not one of our questions.
Oh I I thought you were gonna answer the question for a second All right. How about my first pet?
Let's go with
OK perfect. Yeah, OK. So what's the answer to that?
All right. First pet is Clyde.
C L Y D E?
Yes.
OK great. And so you just want the savings account. You don't want a checking. You just you want this. And we're gonna close out the other account. Now what is that account number? if you will.
No. No, no, no.
OK.
That account number is oh five.
Mhm.
Nineteen.
OK.
Fifteen sixty-six seventy-one seven zero.
OK. All right. Just give me a moment right here.
Mhm.
And I'm what I'm doing is I'm setting up the new account and I'm closing this one out and transferring the money. It should just take a few moments. Just bear with me.
See this is why like I I I know you guys like can do this stuff so much quicker like whether it's over the phone or I mean with the whole COVID thing I didn't want to come in so I thought this would be a lot better.
Right. I completely understand. That. Uh-huh I I know how you feel. And OK so, so I closed that original account. And I transferred that money. would you like to know the balance of that?
Yes please.
So that is five hundred and ninety-seven dollars and twenty-five cents.
All right little Larry. You're on your way.
Aww. what a joy.
Now do you need?
You you would you would need Larry's social number?
Well yes, but that since you're you're gonna be the one wanting the account right now if you happen to have it, I can put that on the account.
Yes, I do.
OK. Whenever you're ready I can take his too.
It is three.
Mhm.
Seven Nine.
Mhm.
Six five.
Mhm.
Six seven oh two.
OK. Perfect And did you want me to set you up with online banking? So you can just in in and you know say if you use an ATM for instance. Say you're in a hurry and wanna use an ATM deposit some money that way. Or like if little Larry gets a check from grandma. You can just deposit it right into the ATM. We even have features where you can take a picture of the check on your phone if you download our app. I can send you all that information to your email.
I I think that would be great. And in this day and age especially you know the whole online banking thing is a a wonderful thing. And I have a feeling in no time little Larry will be snapping pictures of checks before daddy is.
Mhm.
OK so just provide me with your email so I can send you over all this great information and get you started.
All right it's Larry Grayson double oh seven. Yes I like James Bond. At Gmail dot com.
That's great. Well, congratulations on your baby. And it was a pleasure talking to you today and opening up this great new world for little Larry. Hopefully he'll keep building and building and you will. And he'll build a little empire soon.
Thank you.
Absolutely. Here's to Larry.
Aww. Is there anything else I could help you with?
No. That's it. Thank you so much for all your help.
All right. Thank you so much. Take care.
You too.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. how are you doing today?
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. How are you?
Oh, I'm doing great. Just enjoying some dinner, happy to be off work. Hopefully you'll be able to get off work here soon .
That would be great. I'm definitely ready to end my day as well.
I imagine. well Rose, I need some help. I am looking at my statement, I just received it in the mail and I see a charge on here that I don't recognize. the date of the charge Oh, I'm sorry. You probably need some information to pull up my account first. I'll let you go through all all of that.
Yes, ma'am. It's no worries. I, yes. I. I do have to ask you a few questions so that I can access your account and then see what's going on here. let's see. So what is your first and last name?
Sure.
it's Kim Johns. J O H N S.
Thank you Ms. Johns. And your date of birth?
my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you. And I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
Sure. That's Murphy.
OK. Thank you so much and also let's see here. Bear with me just a moment. OK and the account number to the the account you need me to check for you today.
Oh, sure. one second here. OK. it's my checking account and the number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much Ms. Johns. And can you please provide me with the dollar amount in question?
yes. It's fifty-seven dollars and twenty cents.
Fifty-seven twenty. and the date that this this took place?
Yes.
on the statement it has September thirteenth.
OK, thank you. And the reason that you're disputing this is because you don't recognize that transaction, correct?
Right. I don't recognize the the the name of the company nor the amount charged. so and I attempted to contact the company that's listed but I couldn't find anything online. I couldn't find a phone number so I just thought I would call you all and dispute it with you guys.
Certainly and that's what you should do. I mean, yes. We do suggest that you try to reach out to the business to see what's going on initially but sometimes when it's fraud, you know, there's no way to get a hold of them. So you did the right thing. I just have to ask you a few more questions before I can get this over to the dispute department.
Right.
Sure.
does anyone else have access to your account that possibly could have made this transaction?
no. No one else has access to my account.
OK. And I know you said you don't recognize the transaction and you did try to contact them. let's see. And do you have any regular membership or subscription fees attached to this account?
yeah. I do have a a charge from the gym every month from Planet Fitness. but it's for you know like twenty dollars or nineteen ninety-nine or whatever it comes out to be. and that's always at the first of the month so I know this isn't that.
OK. All right, Ms. Johns. I I do have all of the necessary information that I need from you. I'm gonna place you on a brief hold while I submit this to our dispute department and I'll be back with the details in just a few moments. OK?
OK, great. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
OK, Ms. Johns. I apologize for that brief hold. I have some information here for you, OK?
Sure.
So this transaction this, excuse me. The transaction is being investigated. We have initiated that already. And the dispute department will need to have updated information so that they can reach out to you in case they have any further questions or need any other information while they investigate. Can you please tell me your updated phone number and email address?
Sure. they should be what's on file. My phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five. and my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Awesome. Thank you so much. This investigation takes anywhere from three to five business days. and if it will take any longer, they'll certainly reach out and let you know that. they will be contacting you through email and also by phone once the investigation is complete. And up until then unfortunately we will have to close the account or put a hold on it, not close it. But put a hold on the account until the investigation has been you know, completed.
Oh, OK. You had me worried there. I was like Oh, no!
I'm so sorry. No.
No. I apologize. I said the wrong thing.
No worries.
Yes. We'll just put a hold on it and then that hold will be brief, just until you know the investigation is complete and then that will be lifted. And that's really just to protect you against any other fraudulent charges taking place, OK?
Right.
Of course. Yeah.
All right and is there anything else that I can do for you today?
yes. I actually do want to open a open up a savings account with you today.
Oh sure. Well I can help you with that. No worries. bear with me just a second while I get over to the correct screen.
All right. so I've got your first and last name and your date of birth. Oh, wait a minute. I'm not sure that we will be able to open this account because your checking account is on hold.
Oh right cuz I need to have a minimum. I I think I was reading that there's like a a minimum one hundred dollar you know one hundred dollars that you have to have as the minimum balance in the savings and I would need to transfer money from my checking to my savings in order to do it.
Yes ma'am and I apologize but the the wonderful thing is is that you know the investigation department was very quick. So I'm thinking you know in three days time we'll probably now what's going on. and be able to get back to you so that we can you can call us back in and we can open your savings account for you.
OK.
OK. Perfect.
When you.
You know, make that transaction to be able to open it. OK?
Yep. That's no worries. That's exactly what I'll do once I hear back from them.
OK. All right, Ms. Johns. Was there anything else that I can assist you with aside from that?
Nope. That's everything. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome, Ms. Johns. And as a part of the Intellibank, we'd like to thank you for your loyalty and your business and I hope that you have a wonderful rest of your weekend.
Thanks, you too hun.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Bill. How may I help you today?
Hi, Bill. I'm calling because I just got my credit card stolen.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that. I can definitely help you with that. Could you provide me your first and last name and also with your date of birth, please?
Yeah. My first name is Maria and last name Roberts and my date of birth is December eleven nineteen ninety-five.
Perfect. Let me go ahead and pull up your account here. could you go ahead and give me your credit card number, please?
Yeah. My credit card number is five four two one two one four six six four eight one five three two one and my and also I would give you my account number it's three one six five four eight six three.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much, Mrs. Roberts. Give me one second as I pull up your account.
OK, sure.
All right now. Could you answer me your question your security question here. what is the name of your childhood friend?
Yeah. My childhood friend was named Mindy.
Perfect. Thank you very much, Mrs. Roberts.
Not a problem.
All right now. the the credit card that you're calling about that got stolen is the credit card that you just mentioned to me. Is that correct?
Yeah. The number I just gave you.
OK, perfect. And could you tell me which date it was stolen?
Yeah. It was yesterday. December December fourteenth.
OK, perfect, and what is the most recent transaction business in which you used that credit card?
Yeah. I used it yesterday in the morning. I I just put some gas at my at my car at the Shell on the Fifth Street.
OK, perfect. Thank you, Maria.
Give me one more second here as I go ahead and finish this finish this out.
Yeah, sure. I would wait.
OK now. It looks like I can go ahead and cancel this card and then I can issue you a new one.
How does that sound to you, Mrs. Roberts?
Yeah, sure. Would you send it to my home or how is the process?
Yeah. Go ahead and give me and address and I'll make sure to send it there.
Yeah. It's five four three two Waytogo Lane Miami, Florida five four six seven eight nine.
OK. Perfect. let me go ahead and get that ZIP code again cuz I'm not really sure I got that correctly.
Oh yeah. Sorry. I made a mistake. It's five three six seven nine.
Perfect.
Thank you, Mrs. Roberts.
I'm to go ahead and cancel this card right now and I'll send you a new one. you should expect to receive the card within one week.
Although sometimes it may take a little bit longer.
are you familiar with how to activate a card in the mail once you receive it?
no. I don't think I know how to do it. Can you tell me?
Yes. Once you receive the card in the mail go ahead and open it up. You'll find a sticker on the paper and it it should include a PIN.
You'll need that PIN as well as your personal information and it will also have a phone number in which you can call. Once you go ahead and call that phone number, you should just give your information give that PIN and you should be ready to use that card as soon as it arrives.
Well, that sounds great to then. Thank you. could you could you also tell me which is the website?
Yes, if you go on to WWW dot Intellibank dot com. You should be able to find any information you need there as well.
OK, great. Thank you then.
Thank you, Mrs. Roberts. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No. I think that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you and I hope that you have a great rest of your day.
You too. Bye.
Goodbye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. I would like to close my account and transfer the remaining funds into a different account please.
OK sir. I can certainly help you with that today but before I can complete this transaction I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information.
OK.
OK sir. firstly I would need your full name and date of birth.
Yes. My name is Dale Walker and my date of birth is tenth of the first one nine seven four.
OK sir. Your name is Dale Walker and you gave your date of birth as ten thirty-one ninety seventy-four.
Yes ma'am. That's it.
OK sir, thank you so much
And for authentication purposes I would need your driver's license number on file.
yes. My driving licence number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK sir. To verify that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
five two four nine six nine. Yes.
OK sir and for account security purposes could I get your mother's maiden name please?
yes. My mother maiden name is Wilson.
OK sir. I have all that information and you said you wanna close an account and transfer those funds to a new account.
Yes.
Yes ma'am.
OK sir. is this account going to be a checking or savings account with us?
checking.
All right. sir, could I get that checking account number please?
yes. That checking account number is four five three nine six eight five four. Oh. I am sorry. I've given you the wrong account number. let me correct myself please.
OK sir.
that that checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Go right ahead.
All right sir. To verify, that account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
yes. That is it.
OK sir. Could you tell me the reason you are wanting to close this account?
I am no longer in need of this account, that's all.
OK sir. So you no longer want this account. You don't need it.
Corr~
Correct.
OK. Give me just one moment while I look up your account information sir.
yes, OK.
All right sir. I've looked at your account and your current balance on that account is one thousand three hundred and fifty-six dollars.
OK.
so that is the amount we're going to transfer to your new account.
All right, sounds good.
OK sir. Could you give me the the deposit account type. Checking or savings?
this checking as well and that.
OK sir. So could you give me the routing number for that checking account please?
Yes. That routing number is two four one eight eight two one six zero.
All right. To verify, the routing number is two four one eight eight two one six zero?
Yes, correct.
OK sir. Could you give me the the deposit account checking number please?
yes. That number is four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
OK sir. To verify, that number was four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
Yes, ma'am.
OK sir just give me one moment while I handle this transfer.
All right.
All right sir. This transfer has been completed. it should be immediate transfer since this is internal account information. we have transferred one thousand three hundred and fifty-six dollars from your old account. Five one four three three six seventy seventy. to your new account four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
OK.
OK.
Yes.
All right, thank you for that.
All right, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
A matter of fact there is. I would like to update my email address information please.
OK sir. I certainly can help you with that as well.
All right.
OK Sarah. First and last name Dale Walker. K All right sir. What is that information you said you wanted to update your email.
yes ma'am. My email address information.
OK sir. For verification purposes I would need your credit card number on file sir.
Credit card number on file is four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight.
OK sir. To reiterate, that number is four five three nine six eight five eight eight two three three six two eight.
Yes correct.
All right
All right sir, that account information is verified. So could you give me the email address you want to add or adjust on this account sir.
yes. D C Walker capital C capital W at dayrep dot com.
All right sir. You gave this email is Dale with a capital D C capital Walker with a capital W at dayrep dot com.
Yes ma'am. That's it.
All right sir. Give me just one moment while I go ahead update that information for you.
All right.
OK sir. It looks like I've completed all the transaction information of your request. Is there anything else you need help with sir?
no that's it.
OK. Thank you so much Mr Walker for your time and patience. Again my name is Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Beth. How can I help you today?
Hello Beth how are you doing this day?
I'm doing well thank you. How are you?
Eh not too bad I guess. So I need you I need to change my my email information I do believe. Can you now. What do you need from me dear?
I need your first and last name and your date of birth.
OK my name's Bill King that's K I N G and my date of birth one eighteen nineteen sixty-five. And my social security number too? It's five two eight six four seven nope three nine.
hold hold on hold on hold on. Slow down a little bit and start at the beginning of that number again please.
Go ahead.
which one the bank number? Social security number?
The social security number.
Social security number is five two eight six zero seven zero three nine.
Oh my gosh I didn't even need your social security number I'm sorry. I needed your driver's license number
Oh hang on a second I gotta get that out just a minute.
OK thank you!
Let's see. There's this number it's a Wyoming license expires one eighteen of twenty-two. It's one seven zero dash nine two eight S nine oh seven.
OK all right and I've got a security question on the account it's the name of your first dog.
OK.
Oh that would have been Fred!
Fred. That's what I got Fred.
That's me. Fred.
Fred Kreb.
OK which account are we talking about here? Do you have the account number?
yeah I do, Just a minute I've got to get that too. Let's see. See I believe it's five one one five zero zero two three eight eight. And .
All right so you said you needed to.
Maybe I better.
maybe I better I better give you this other number. no go ahead and take that one that'll work.
I do have your account right here.
OK.
OK so you said your email address is what you needed updated?
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
So this one is no longer good give me just one second to get in here and delete this one and I'll be ready for the new one. OK start whenever you're ready.
Do you need my phone number too?
I don't need your phone number right now.
OK so it would be Bill B I L L N K I N G at Gmail dot com.
OK I'm going to read this back to you just to make sure that I've got it all correct in here.
OK.
I've got B as in boy, I as in intelligence.
Yup.
L L.
Yup.
N as in Nancy.
Yes.
K as in King.
Yes.
I N G at Gmail dot com correct?
Yes no spaces, no caps, no none of that stuff. Just run it all together.
OK that is what I've got in here.
.
Now.
You don't need my routing number or none of that stuff? Or all of this stuff? Oh wait a minute. See that's why it's. I gave you this number. Maybe I better give you this other number so we can do something a little bit different for me. I wanna make sure I get the right account on.
OK.
It says says. I got this other number here zero zero two three four three one six dash seven.
OK and what did you need to do with this account?
Oh I I need to need to do They let's see I updated my email on one right?
yes sir.
So I need to get my my
Do you want me to see if your email needs updated on this one as well?
Yeah probably better do that. Make sure that they're all all up to date. See who all I have on this account too please?
Sure I can do that for you.
I'm I'm single now I'm widowed I don't need nobody else on there. please do that I'd I'd appreciate it I'm kind of confused with all this stuff going on lately.
OK I see what this is. OK Mister King this this is a a connected account to your checking. The first one you asked about was a checking account the second one is a savings account. So they're linked together.
And I don't want them to be linked no more. The savings account I want to have separate from the checking account. So that way that way if something goes awry I don't have to lose my money out of savings. I think my my widowed wife did that and I don't we don't override them we don't override the banks banks. so. If you would see if you could separate those two for me I'd appreciate that.
Oh I see OK so you don't want the the overdraft protection to be linked to your savings I see OK.
No.
No no ma'am I do not.
OK! I can definitely take that off here no problem and your email does look to be updated. It it updated for both your checking and savings account when it updated your first one. So that one's correct too.
Is this something you can do while I'm on the phone or do I need to have you call me back or do I need to check back with you about it or?
No no we're good! I've got it updated and and there is there is no other name on the savings account as well.
OK I do appreciate very much thank you for straightening that out for me.
No problem is there anything else I can do for you Mister King?
Yeah this this this email address it's gonna take effect immediately or do I have a time that I have to wait before I can use that?
No no the change will happen immediately.
OK I do appreciate it very much.
Thank you and you have a good day.
Thank you Mr. King. Thanks for calling Intellibank have a good day.
Bye bye now.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Amanda. How can I help you today?
yeah, I'm trying to do a wire transfer.
OK. what is your first and last name?
first name is Eric.
OK.
Last name is Dunston.
OK, and your date of birth?
date of birth is oh five oh one nineteen eighty-eight.
mhm
OK. And I just have to ask you for your last four of your social.
lets see, that is two seven three one.
All right and just one more thing, I gotta security question for you. What is your mother's maiden name?
my mother's maiden name is Art.
That's a really cool name. Was she in, was she in to art? Or was it just.
Not at all.
Not at all. You'd think so, but nope.
That would, that would be really funny if she was an artist with last name Art. But it's also funny, was she like so what, what did she do if she was the opposite of artsy?
Yeah.
She was a secretary.
So very detail oriented. Mhm.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Kept us kids in line.
She sounds like she'd be a very organized person.
Yep.
OK. So, so you're looking to make a wire transfer you said? And what is the last five digits of the withdrawing account?
Yep.
yeah so the withdrawing account is going to be two one three five four.
OK. So it looks like that's your primary checking. Is that correct? OK. and how much would you like to transfer today?
Yep.
three thousand dollars.
Three thousand. OK, it's a good thing that you called and went through your security questions. Cuz I know that in our online banking app we have like a minimum So that way in. Tf someone, you know, stole your phone or something, or maximum so. All right, we but we can do two three thousand over the phone. So lets see. OK, so is the are you, is this an internal transfer? Is this to an outside bank?
Right.
yeah this is to an outside bank.
OK and what is the country? Is it domestic or international?
this is international.
OK. what's the name of the bank?
the name of the bank is S.
Mhm
R E
Yep.
savings.
OK. let's see, I've pulled them up. I've just gotta get routing number to make sure that I have the correct location. So what is the routing number for that account?
Mhm.
yeah, one second here.
Oh, yeah no worries.
Do you have any siblings?
yeah actually, I have a younger sister. We are almost six years apart. But people say that we look the same age.
I suppose. I don't know if that's bad for me or good for her. Maybe it. Maybe it's good for me. Maybe I look younger.
Yeah, I was gonna say.
Yeah.
I like to, I like to think that I'll get carded for a long time. You know?
Yeah.
Everybody wants to think that.
see I went bald early so.
Oh, gosh yeah. Yeah, my husband went bald when he was like twenty-three. And so everybody thinks he's way older than he is. He didn't get carded even as like a twenty twenty one year old. Because he started to bald.
Yeah.
Yep.
I know that feeling. All right, all right. Here we go.
OK. Cool, great.
OK.
All right, so the routing number of the international bank that I'm transferring money to is five three eight.
Mhm.
Yep.
Nine two six.
Mhm.
One three four.
OK.
Nine two two two two
OK.
Four three.
Yep.
Oh three.
OK.
Nine five six.
I'm sorry, were the last ones nine six six?
Nine five six.
Nine
Five six. OK, great. So, yep, it matches. I got that the SRE savings coming up.
OK and what what's the account number for the account that you'd like to transfer the money into.
Oh, yeah. It's nine four three one two eight
OK. Let's see. all right, so we're looking to transfer three thousand in to that savings account. and we'll do yep, wire transfer. Just looking and making sure there is nothing we're missing. OK. So the wire transfer, I just hit initiate. they are a little bit slow with international. So it's going to be two to three business days. but you will be able to see that you'll see, if you have online banking, that transaction will be listed as pending.
Mhm.
OK.
OK.
So that'll be there. And as soon as it's gone through it'll be listed just in your normal transactions.
Mhm.
and you should be seeing that in your international bank account soon.
Great, OK.
are you set up for online banking?
I'm, I'm not. I don't really trust computers so.
That's fair that's totally fair. I mean, you can always call us to do that. do all of that. But if you have at any time are interested in setting that up, feel free to drop by or call us. All right. So it looks like we are all set. That transfer, wire transfer should be ready to go. and if it hasn't made it's way over there by the end of the week, just give us a call and we can check in on that for you.
OK, sounds good.
All right, well it was nice talking to you Eric. Thank you.
Yeah.
Have a good day.
Bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yeah I need to make a wire transfer.
yes sir, I can totally help you with that.
Great.
And can you give me you first and last name and your Social please?
Yeah, Jack Feefuss. F E E F U S S. Feefuss. Social's two eight one six one four two eight one.
Yes sir, thank you for that. And now can I have your date of birth please?
Three nine seventy-one.
Yes sir, thank you. And I need a a an authenticating ID number on your account to provide for you to provide so I know that it is you. can you provide me with your account number?
Which account number is that? The sixteen digit?
Yes sir.
Or the or the twelve d~? Oh OK I got you. It's two three one four one two two three six nine nine four. Wait. Wait that's the old one. Hold on a minute. Have you got the new card? Where is it? I need it now please. Hold on just a sec. Hold on .
Yes sir.
all right thanks, thank you. Thank you baby. Alright here it is. It's six nine four four four four one two three one two two three three three.
Yes sir. Yes, sir.
Is that right?
Sorry about that.
Thank you for that for that information. And now I need to verify the security question that is on your account for security. what street did you grow up on?
My bad.
I grew up on New House.
On New House. OK, thank you sir for that. And and also what can I help you with today?
Well I need to make a transfer. Now it's gonna be international. it's gonna be in Germany. We're getting our new beer kit. We're gonna start making our own beers. Tired of this crappy beer around here.
Yes sir. I can totally help you with that. can you can you give me the withdrawal number on the account please?
So.
On mine?
Yes sir.
Yes, ma'am.
It is nine six seven seven six one.
Yes sir. And I want to verify the funds in there for you. right now it shows that you have a two thousand six hundred and eighty dollar balance.
That looks right in my ledger ledger book yep.
And how much were you wanting to wire?
It's gonna be a six hundred and eighty-one dollars and fifty-seven cents. Six eighty-one dot five seven.
And because this is an international transfer, I did wanna let you know that there can be some fees associated with that if the transfer does not go through.
And how much?
It'll be a ten dollar and fifty-nine cents fee.
What? I'm just kidding. I was kidding. You go ahead.
Yes sir. Yes I just wanted to let you know that in case that something did not go through well then that a fee would incur on your account. I did wanna let you know that this will be active tomorrow and it will be done by three o'clock.
That.
That's fine. That's fine.
that'll take a while but I'll I'll call up. I'll call up the beer company and let them know.
So that way.
Yes sir and we will send you information through your email address that we have on file.
Is it Jack Feefus at G mail? F E E F U S?
Yes sir it is. Thank you for that.
OK.
Cool.
And can I have the deposit routing number that we are gonna be associating with this transfer?
Yes. It's gonna be three three one three two seven three two eight one.
OK, thank you so much for that. And let's see. is there anything else I can help you with?
Did y'all need my drivers license or anything like that?
Yes sir, please provide that for me.
OK, cuz usually you guys want that too so. Sorry I'm just jumping. I know you know what you're doing but
.
A all. All the information I can verify helps.
OK.
It's E six five seven oh one seven C.
Yes, sir.
Yes sir, thank you very much for that. And I wanted to tell you a little bit about our online banking if you aren't familiar. Our online banking is great for twenty-four hour access to all the things that the bank does do here. and we also have a checkless deposit where you don't have to have a check to deposit funds into your account. you just take a picture of the check and you send that on through. also you can make wire transfers very easily through our online automated system. you can also check your daily balance. You can also check your savings account. You can also check our daily internal fees for like car loans in our daily our daily mail assists for that. you can also find different ATMs around different areas of where you live and if you aren't familiar with the area in which you're gonna be in, just give us a call back and we can also help you track some of those ZIP down.
Yeah.
Oh, OK. I
That might help me find an ATM too if I need.
Yes, or a bank. Or or or a qualifying bank that you could go in person if you need to.
That's great.
Oh OK.
And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. I guess that's pretty much it. I corrected that one thing y~. Yeah OK that's yeah. That's all good and I think we're good to go.
OK sir, thank you very much.
So six eighty-one.
Fifty-seven, right?
Yes sir.
OK. And we're getting a big beer kettle and a little small vat and we're gonna make our own beer yeah.
Yes sir. totally think that's a great idea.
Alrighty.
And thank you very mu~.
Well, thank you.
Ma'am. I appreciate it.
Thank you very much for calling Intellibank and you have a wonderful day.
You too.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
Hello my name is Darryl Walker. I need some addresses of local branches. I need to make changes to my account.
Can you give me a list of near branches in my location?
Could you also tell me if they have any ATM machines inside or outside?
All right, sir. So you want to check your Intellibank account information in person? at a local branch? You want the nearest ones to you. And you would also like information on the ATM machines that are at those locations, am I correct?
Correct.
All right sir, just give me one moment. Mr. Walker in order to handle this information I'm gonna need your current location, please.
OK.
yes. My current location that I. It's I'm sorry about that. .
No problem, sir.
My address is thirty-three four zero, Pine Wood Drive North Chicago, Illinois. Are code six zero zero six four.
OK sir, that address was thirty-three forty Pine Wood Drive North Chicago, Illinois. At six zero zero six four?
Yes, correct.
All right sir. I will take just a moment to look up some local branches around that location.
All right.
All right sir, looks like I have about five locations I can give you that are closest to you. These are within a mile. The first three are less than half a mile.
All right.
OK but these last two about a mile away so still give you those for future reference. All right sir?
OK.
OK. This first location is at four ten Birch Pond Lane.
Four ten Birch Pond Lane.
Yes sir. That branch has an interior ATM machine.
OK.
The hours of operation for that branch are eight a.m. to five p.m.. Monday through Friday. And that ATM is accessible within that time frame.
All right. Got it.
OK. And this next location is at fourteen East Wall Avenue.
OK. East Wall Avenue?
Yes sir.
The hours of operation for this branch are from eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday And eight a.m. to two p.m. on Saturday.
And this one has a twenty-four hour accessible ATM machine located outside.
OK. Got that.
All right sir. This next location I have for you is at fourteen. Oops, sorry. I just gave you that.
OK. That's all right.
Sorry about that, sir.
All right.
OK. The next location I have is actually at seven oh five West Illinois Street.
OK.
In this location, the hours of operation are from seven a.m. to five p.m., Monday through Thursday. And eight a.m. to four p.m. on Friday.
All right.
It's also open on Saturday at eight a.m. to twelve p.m..
Eight a.m. to twelve p.m..
Yes sir. This one also has an exterior exterior ATM machine.
That you can access for twenty-four hours.
Oh OK. That's good to hear.
OK.
these next two locations are they're a mile out sir.
All right.
But they both have extended hours for them.
OK. I'll take those.
OK. First location is at ninety-nine oh three Luna Street.
Ninety-nine oh three Luna?
Yes sir. L U N A. And the hours of operation for that location are eight a.m. to eight p.m. Monday through Friday.
All right. And then.
OK.
And that one has an internal ATM.
But you can access that ATM till ten p.m. because it actually has an enclosed lobby.
Oh. All right.
OK. And this next location sir is at seventy-eight sixty Gray Avenue.
Seven eight sixty Gray Avenue?
Yes sir. G R A Y.
OK.
The hours of operation for this location are eight a.m. to seven p.m..
Monday through Thursday. And eight a.m. to eight p.m. on Friday.
OK.
This one is closed Saturday and Sunday but it has a external ATM for you to access twenty-four hours.
OK, got that.
OK sir. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that about it.
All right, sir Thank you so much Mr. Walker for giving us a call today. Again my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too. Thank y'all.
You too. Bye bye.
Hello, thanks for calling. My name is Salvador. I work for Intellibank. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Hi there. I need to know how much is in my account. Also, I need to find your closest bank.
Did you say your name was Salvador?
Oh yes Ma'am I did.
I love that name. I cherish that name. It's actually my son's name. That's so crazy. I never hear anybody with that name.
Oh. Well thank you, Ma'am. I like my name too.
Who named you?
Your mother or your father?
Oh. Well, I'm not sure Ma'am but I am pleased to hear that I'm in good company, what with being named along side your son whom we had mentioned. So, to start I can most certainly check your account balance. All I need are a few pieces of information.
OK. That's fine. What do you need?
OK. Let me just pull this up. OK perfect. Can I please have your full name and date of birth?
Sure. I am Anika Micklson. The last name is spelled M I C K L S O N.
And, my date of birth is one twenty-three eighty-two.
Wonderful. OK thanks for that. However, I'm not showing an account in this name. Are you sure you spelled it correctly?
How did I spell it?
Oh. I'm sorry. you just said your last name was spelled M I C K L S O N. It's not coming up in our system.
I spelled my own last name wrong. I'm sorry. I forgot the E. It's M I C K E L S O N. Sorry.
Oh. Hey, no worries.
OK great. It came up. so now Ms. Mickleson for your security question, just please tell me the name of the street that you grew up on.
That would be Beach road.
OK. Let me look that up. All right.
Got it. Thanks.
also, Ms. Mickleson, can you please verify you know to verify your identity just let me know the name of your first pet.
most certainly. His name was Gary. He was the most wonderful hermit crab.
Oh. Well that's cute.
so, Ms. Mickelson, what is the account number from which you'd like to perform this balance inquiry?
yeah hold on. Let me look that one up. I don't have that one memorized. Hold on for me.
Oh most certainly I can hold. Any time you're ready. Take your time.
Oh. OK I found it. All right so this is going to be my savings account.
.
And, the number is four four three two two two two four five five.
All right. Let me just quickly repeat that back for you Ms. Mickelson savings account number four four three two two two two four five five.
OK wonderful. Yes. All right just pulled it up for that savings account I am showing a balance right now of nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-four dollars even.
Oh yeah. Great. OK but listen, like I said I also need to know where the closest intel bank is to me. I need to make another deposit.
And, after that go buy cupcakes for my son's golf clinic.
Oh well that sounds great. just to correct you quickly it's Intellibank. And, I'd be glad to look that up for you. all I'll need is just your current address.
Oh. OK hold on a second. I'm on the road. Let me find out where I am.
OK. Most certainly. Again, I am glad to hold. Just let me know when you know where you are and I will let you know where our closest branch for Intellibank is located.
OK. I see an address here. I'm at forty-four fifty-five North Mistletoe Lane.
And, that's in Asheville, North Carolina. There's a brewery right here next to me.
OK wonderful. So I have two branches near you and one alternative.
But, what I'm going to do is suggest the closest branch. That's going to be at fifty-three ten south Yeah. Yeah. South Furman Street. Fifty yeah South Furman Street. It's right next door to you.
So, all you'll have to do is go right there and that'll be our closest branch.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's it. I really appreciate it Salvador.
Well Thank you. Ms. Mickleson, have yourself a wonderful day. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yes, I wanted to check on some loan rates I think.
OK, I can do that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer I call you Jill or Miss Baker?
It doesn't matter, Jill is fine.
OK Jill, let me get some information from you. What is your account number?
Can you hold on just a second? I, I need to grab it. Give me one second, OK?
Alright, it's three four six, zero two, nine nine eight, and my social is nine one seven, nine zero, seven two six five.
OK, thank you for all that information, Jill. can I also get your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
Alright, and it looks like your account has a security question on it, Jill. Could you please tell me the city you were born in?
I was born in Gladstone.
OK, and you said you were wanting to apply for a loan. Is that a home loan, an auto loan, or a personal loan?
So I want to apply for an auto loan.
OK. And do you know approximately how much you were wanting to borrow?
I mean I haven't found a car yet, but I'm thinking I want to stay like around maybe sixteen thousand.
OK, so I'm gonna take down this information from you, and then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna actually transfer you to a loan agent with Intellibank.
OK. I mean this was really something I was hoping I could do maybe in person or something.
OK, would you prefer to meet with a loan agent in person?
I mean, is that an option? I, I just don't want to get transferred around a bunch.
Yeah, I, of course. I can schedule you a meeting with a loan agent if you prefer to have a sit down meeting with someone.
Yeah, that'd be great, actually.
OK, do you have a home banking branch that you use?
No, I don't.
OK, so what I can do is, I can find a branch location close to you, if that works, and then try to schedule something with an, with an agent there.
Yeah, if you can find one close to my house, that'd be perfect.
Of course. Let me get your, let me confirm your address here. So is the address, two zero nine West Market street, for you? In Kansas City?
Yeah that's right. It's two zero nine.
OK. Let me look real quick and see what locations we have close to you. Give me just a moment, OK?
That's all right, take your time. are you having a good day?
I, I am, my day, my day has just started but so far it's been pretty good. How about yours?
Not too terrible, just looking to buy a car. I wrecked mine last Saturday.
Oh, my goodness! Are you OK?
Yeah, I'm fine. I mean, the, the car not so much. But. I got rear ended, and so it's pretty much totaled.
My goodness, I am so sorry to hear about that.
It's OK. I mean the other driver was insured, so I think it's mostly going to be covered. I've just got to get, to line up something new.
OK, Jill, well, I'm sorry to hear about that accident, but I did find a location for you. It looks like it's only about half a mile from your home. The address to that location is, seven six five eight Fort Road, that's seven six five eight Fort Road, F O R T road, in Kansas City. I'm I'm gonna put all the information you have shared into the notes of your account, so that way whenever you go down there and you meet with that agent, they have a base point to kinda learn, to know what their, what they need to help you with. do you have a specific time that would be good for you to meet with them?
actually, anything around two p.m. today would be great, if anybody have anything available. Does anyone have anything free then?
let me look. So it does look like Ashley Bryant, one of our loan agents, that she has an appointment open right at two p.m. if you can bring a valid ID, your pay stubs, and possibly your last your last tax return. That should be all that she needs, additionally, to help you if she needs anything else from you when you get there, she, she should be able to tell you about that, and you can either fax or scan that to her. it looks like I did, I was able to get you scheduled for two, so I have you scheduled for two today, and that's at seven six five I'm sorry. Seven six five eight Fort Road, Kansas City, Missouri. Was there anything else I could do for you today?
Yep. So while I'm there, will she be able to help me figure out the, the divider thing I get on my savings account too, while I'm there? I've been meaning to call and ask about it.
the divider thing?
yeah, you know what I'm talking about. Like the divider, the divider that you get on your savings account every, every year or so.
are you referring to the dividends that you get on your account?
Yes, oh my goodness, I'm sorry. Yes, that's it.
OK. Yeah, she should be able to help you with that. Or, or I may also, you may also be able to speak with one of our savings account representatives while you're there visiting today, and they can kinda run you through that and tell you. Are you just wanting to find out what, what the current status is of your dividends?
yeah, just kind of explain the current status of them and what the balance is in there. I know I get so many dividends a year.
Yeah, somebody there should definitely be able to help you. If you want to go a little bit before your two o'clock meeting, you can ask to speak to one of those savings account reps. And one of them should be able to walk you through it. Was there anything else I could do to help you today?
No, don't think so. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Alright Jill, well thank you for choosing Intellibank, and you have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
yes first name Ben, last name Reilly.
Mm K. That's R E I L L Y?
yeah that is correct.
OK.
Can I get your date of birth?
yes November twenty-third nineteen seventy-nine.
Nineteen seventy-nine?
Yes.
Mm K.
And for security purpose can I get your state ID or drivers license?
yes R P four zero seven five seven three.
OK. And also for security purpose can I also get your email address that we have on file?
yes B as in boy Reilly R E I L L Y seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
OK. And how can I help you today mister Reilly?
yeah I would like to open an account today.
K.
is this another checkings account or savings account?
This'll be a checkings account.
Checkings account? K.
All righty and are we pulling money from your other savings account?
yes.
K. And how much are we putting in this account?
two hundred.
Two hundred?
Yes.
And we're putting this under the same name?
Yes.
All right and everything is the same? still thirty-two thirty-eight Pullen Green Street?
yeah that is correct.
K.
All right. I'm putting two hundred.
Mhm
All right. Can I get your checking account number?
Yes zero nine one eight two seven three six five four.
All righty. All right.
And just for clarification we are putting two hundred dollars in this new account?
yes.
All right. You should be getting an email confirmation right about now.
Got it.
Mm K and there you can see that you can you have your account and routing numbing number already.
Mhm.
this is now active and live. At this very moment. before I let you go, do you have the Intelli app?
no I do not.
You do not?
No.
OK you can go to play store or apple store whichever phone device that you have and look up Intellibank app. It should be green and purple app.
Mhm
And you can also link your accounts. Together on the app. And also do transfers on the app itself.
OK.
OK.
Awesome that sounds good.
All righty right there you got the email got everything in and yeah would you like to send a separate debit card for this account ?
yes please.
K. I'll put in a request for a debit card for this new account ending in zero five four one.
Awesome.
Mm K is there anything else I can help you with?
So using the app I can access this new account?
Yes.
And it do I do if I wanna transfer money over I can do all that to the account, correct?
Yes.
Oh awesome that's that's great. And what if I wanna update my personal information?
You can do all that to the app as well.
Awesome sweet so I don't have to call in or anything and just update to the app.
Yeah you can do pretty much majority of the stuff through the app everything seems to update in real time. so once you change it there, it should change on our system as well.
Awesome. Sweet.
Also if you have questions or anything there is helpdesk with on the app they can help you as well.
awesome. Great. Sounds perfect.
Mm K I just got done putting in a request for your card. It should get to you within the next five business days.
All righty.
All right. That all for you mister Reilly?
That'll do it.
Well thank you for calling Intellibank, you have a lovely day man.
All right you too.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake, can I get your first and last name please?
Yes, this is Marsha Stevens.
K, Marsha Stevens, can I also get your date of birth?
Yes, one one one nine six zero. Nineteen sixty.
K, all right and for security purpose can I get your driver license or state ID?
Yes, it's P G one three three seven four eight.
K, also for security purpose can I get your email?
Yes. It's pineapple hand at G mail dot com.
OK. And how can I help you today miss Stevens?
Yes, I want to transfer my checking into my savings.
are we doing.
Is that
Possible?
Yes, that's very possible. Are we doing the whole checking? Or just part of it?
let me check let me see. let's do make do one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three dollars in there.
OK, you want to put one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three dollars in your savings?
Yes.
OK, can I get the checking number?
OK, my checking number is one one two four five five six zero zero nine nine.
Six zero zero nine nine?
Yes.
OK. and now, also can I get your savings account number?
Yes. Eight eight zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
OK. that's one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three dollars?
Yes.
OK. We can do that all right,
Have you all been busy today?
It's been fairly slow.
Oh OK, maybe it's the weather or
It's It's something , I guess you know holiday we're saving up for the next holiday up coming up, I don't know. Yeah. It's been slow today, I'm not complaining.
Yeah Yeah.
Definitely not complaining,
And what about you, how is your day going miss Stevens?
Oh it's going great, its going great. Just trying to take care of a little business.
OK, nothing wrong with that.
You was talking about the holidays coming up, I'm getting ready for that.
See, see you never know, tomorrow might be might be busy, might be boom.
Right, right.
so take these, take these off days as much as possible.
Oh yeah.
OK miss Stevens, the transfer is now complete.
OK.
do you have the app?
On my phone?
Yes.
Yes.
OK. give it about hour or two, no more than twenty-four hours
OK.
And it should update. Some some people it updates just instantly, others it waits about twenty-four hours before it actually hits the other account. do you want your reminder of your checking account?
Yes.
OK. Right now you are standing at, four thousand one hundred eighty-three dollars, and fifty-two cents.
OK.
OK?
Alright.
And your yeah, let me go ahead and give you your savings, right now, after the transfer it should be at ten thousand four hundred eighty-two dollars and sixty-eight cents.
OK. All right.
Mkay.
but yeah, you can you can also do transfers on your app as well.
Oh, OK.
Just a heads up, it it's easy. It will prompt you step by step on what to do so . And if you ever have any question about it don't hesitate to call.
Alright.
K.
OK.
is that all for today?
Oh yeah. That's about it for today.
OK then. Well you have a lovely day miss Stevens.
You too. Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye. Thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi I want to transfer funds from my checking account to my savings account. I called earlier about this but I didn't have all the information the agent was requesting on hand. And I think I have it all now and I'd like to do it.
OK. I do see that you called this morning and I'd be happy to assist you now. Let's pull up on your account. Please provide your full name and your address.
My name is George Emery. And I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson, Missouri. And the ZIP code is five five three two four.
What is your date of birth?
It's September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And the name of your first pet?
Wink.
Wink thank you. please confirm your checking account number.
Sure it's zero zero one six, three nine two two one seven.
Thank you. I show your checking account balance is currently seven thousand four hundred eighty-five dollars, and thirty-two cents.
Yeah that sounds right.
OK. And you want to move funds from this checking account to your savings account. What is the savings account number please.
It's zero zero one six. Three nine, three three one eight.
Thank you. How much are we gonna transfer today?
Let's do seven hundred dollars.
OK. One moment while I put this information together, and then I will have you confirm it all for me.
OK no problem.
All right George. So George Emery is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of seven hundred dollars. From his Intellibank checking account. Number zero zero, one six three nine, two two one seven. To his savings account number zero zero one six, three nine three three, one eight. Does this all sound correct George?
Yeah.
All right one moment. While I process this. And then I will have a confirmation number for you to write down. Do you have a pen and paper handy?
Yeah I'm ready.
OK one moment.
All right, George. I have that confirmation number for you.
OK I'm ready.
It's nine nine, one seven, six two nine.
Nine nine one seven, six two nine.
Yep and your balance I also have that. your checking account balance is now six thousand seven hundred eighty-five dollars, and thirty-two cents. And your savings account balance is two thousand four hundred and forty-six dollars, and ninety-eight cents.
really quickly could you repeat that? What was my final balance in my savings account? And also could you check why I can't log in online?
Absolutely. you said final balance in savings account?
Yeah.
Two thousand four hundred forty-six dollars, and ninety-eight cents. And then why you can't log in online. Have you. Were you. Have you ever been able to log in?
I've tried before but it hasn't granted me access.
Oh I see. Yeah it shows here in the system that you've never actually activated your credentials. So let me tell you what you gotta do. let me find that info. All right George. It says if this is your first time using Intellibank's online banking, click the first time users enroll here link. Read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number. Then your social security number, your date of birth, and create a password. Once you're logged in you'll be prompted to choose and answer five security questions. And also you'll be asked to enroll in the one time security code feature. Does this make sense?
Yeah that makes sense.
Would you like me to send that information to your email?
Yes please.
OK. And sent. I've sent through that information. Go ahead and look it over and then if you have any concerns or questions, of course you should just give us a call back.
OK great.
All right is there anything else I can help you with today George?
Nope that'll do it.
OK well thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
You too thanks.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy, how may I help you?
Hi. I'm calling because I need to find an ATM machine.
Oh sure. I'd be happy to help you with that. Do you know where you're located now? maybe the major cross streets where you're closest too?
Well I'm at home so let me give you my address.
Sure. Go ahead.
It's one eight two Biscayne. That's B I S C A Y N E then Way. And that is in St. Louis Missouri.
OK. Thank you. One eight two Biscayne Way in St. Louis, Missouri?
That's correct.
OK excellent.
I am showing the. OK. Thank you. Sure sure. One eight four.
Oh wait a minute! You know what? I gave you I gave you the wrong house number. My house number's actually one eight four Biscayne Way.
OK. I'm showing the nearest ATM location to you would be the branch on fifteen twenty-seven Cherry Lane.
OK do you have just ATMs by themselves so I don't have to go to a branch?
OK. We do have some ATM machines that aren't at a branch that you could use. At there are several. Throughout the metropolitan area located at Joe's Grocery.
Oh. Oh yeah. Actually there is a Joe's Grocery closer to me than than that that other ATM. Does it have a daily withdraw limit?
Yes. Our ATM cards have a fifteen hundred dollar a day withdraw limit.
You said fifteen hundred a day?
Fifteen hundred a day.
Oh OK. I think that went up from when I used to ask. let's see.
Do will will that ATM machine at Joe's Grocery accept cash deposits?
Unfortunately because it's not our machine it will not take a cash deposit. It just means that you can use that machine and you won't incur a fee so you can make withdraws and you can do transfers right at the machine but unfortunately you can not do a cash deposit.
Oh OK. That's that's a bummer.
so like if I go to your website and I want to look for a branch, can I do it right from your website? Or, do I have to Google it?
you can go to Intellibank dot com and once you get there you just push the button on the green bar that says locate a branch.
OK. And, you said that was Intelligibank dot com?
Intellibank dot com.
OK. All right. That's great. OK. Let's see. The other thing I wanted to ask about is where is there a branches nearby where I am?
So the branch on Terry Street is close to you. There is another branch at eighteen forty-one West Haven road.
And, there's a third branch somewhat close to your location at fifteen twenty-one Redwood.
OK. what are the hours of the first one you gave me on Cherry Street?
OK. All of our locations are open from nine to five, Monday through Thursday.
Nine to six on Friday and eight to twelve on Saturday.
Oh. OK. All right. is there a way that I can make a deposit without going to the bank?
If it's cash you would have to go to the bank.
If you have a check and you have our online banking you can actually do a mobile deposit which means you take a picture of it with your phone and you can deposit that picture right into your account.
Oh. Oh that's great. if I sign up for online banking today will I be able to deposit this check that I have?
Yes. Provided that you're approved today, which most of our customers do get approved same day for our online banking, you would absolutely be able to deposit that check.
OK. So what do I need to do to sign up for online banking?
OK. Go to Intellibank dot com and you click where it says start here and that's for our online services.
So you just have to fill in a little bit of personal information submit your application, and you should get approved same day.
What is is exactly they need to approve?
Just the information that you put in matches what we have on file.
Oh OK. That makes sense. OK. Yeah, I guess I would want my bank to do that so other people can't access it.
Absolutely.
OK. Well that sounds good. Well, thank you so much for your help today. I really appreciate it.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think we covered everything.
Oh. Oh. Wait wait wait. I need you to check my account balance.
Oh OK. I'd be happy to do that for you. Can I get your first last name and date of birth please?
My name is Julie Williams my date of birth is seven twenty-five fifty seven.
OK. And, can I get the last four of your social?
three eight one six.
And, your mother's maiden name?
Smith.
And, if I could please get the last four numbers of the account we're looking at?
zero six eight five.
OK great. I'm showing a balance of five hundred forty-seven dollars and seventy-five cents.
OK. All right. Sounds good. Well, thank you. OK. Sounds good.
You're very welcome. I hope you have a great day.
OK. Sounds good. Bye.
Mhm, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lucas, how may I be of service?
Hello, good afternoon Lucas. My name is Karen Albert And I would like to open an account with your bank. Kindly confirm the information required to do so.
All right Mrs. Karen. Is it miss or missus?
Please address me as miss thank you.
All right Ms. Karen. OK thank you for choosing Intellibank. I'm positive that you will enjoy your the services we provide in this bank. OK. to open an account would require just few information. Cuz we have very easy documentation process. To help our customers feel relaxed and feel secured. All right so the first information I require for you to open an account is your full name. Can I have your full name please?
Karen Albert.
All right Ms. Karen. can I have your date of birth please?
Twenty-sixth April nineteen ninety one.
All right Ms. Karen that's excellent. OK what state are you calling from?
Houston, Texas.
Houston, Texas OK. All right can I have your social security number?
Zero one one. Six eight four. Two one two. I'll check it again. Zero one one. Six eight four. Two one two.
Oh excellent thank you so much. All right I have your full name. I have your date of birth I have where you're coming from. I have a social security number. OK. The last question I have before the account will be opened for you is OK can you set two security questions please on the account? That's the last stage.
OK the first security question is what brand was your first car?
OK.
The answer is Acura.
OK Acura.
The second question is who was your childhood best friend? And the answer is Bridget. Did you copy all that?
Yes ma'am I copied all of that. The first question was what was your first brand of car? And that is Acura. And the second question is what was your childhood best friends name? And that is Bridget. Am I correct?
Yes that's correct.
OK. I'm gonna send you a form to your email address. To confirm and consent to the account opening. So you can just consent we are sending an acknowledgment mail. And it will be fine and your account will be up and running. All right can I have your email address for that please?
Karen four Albert at Gmail dot com. Karen four Albert at Gmail dot com.
OK Karen four Albert at Gmail dot com. Do you want that four as a digit or for written in word?
Four as a digit.
OK Karen four Albert at Gmail dot com excellent. OK ma just a minute while I send the consent form. Just a minute . And sent. OK. I've sent the consent form. So once you acknowledge it we'll go ahead and open the email address for you. The account number pardon me. The account number beg your pardon. So once the account is up and running you can deficit. And you can transfer, you can download the mobile app. You can do all our transaction. You can carry out all the activity. So would that be all ma'am?
No that would not be all. I have se~. Viewed and signed the consent form. I have forwarded it to you. I would also love to do a bank transfer with the recently opened account. Please is that possible?
Of course that is possible ma'am. I just received the consent form and we'll open it right away. So what you just need to do is you need to credit your account. Do that from your Cash App. Or from any of your online application or from your other bank you can credit the account so that you can make the wire transfer. Is that OK?
Yes that's fine. I'm already doing a transfer from my PayPal account to the to the new open account number. And I'm hopeful you'll get to credit a lot in the next thirty seconds. Then how long does it take for you to transfer from my account to an HSBC account?
OK. For the PayPal transfer I'll give you your account number shortly. I'll provide that information to you so you can make the transfer. for transfer to HSBC once you consent to the transfer it's almost immediately. It's almost immediately. So your account number is now ready. Would you like me to call it out for you?
Yes I will.
OK you have your pen and paper?
Yes I do.
OK your account number is zero eight one. Zero eight one. Zero three zero three. Are you getting that?
Yes I am.
Zero eight one zero. Three zero three zero. Four four.
Oh copy that.
I'll take that again. Zero eight one zero. Three zero three zero. Four four. You get that?
Yes I have.
All right you can make the transfer from PayPal account now.
Please hold while I make the transfer.
OK ma'am I'll be on hold.
Hello I'm done with the transfer. So Would you be needing some details to be able to do the transfer from your end from me?
OK so to do the transfer what I would need is I would need. I would need the customer, the beneficiaries account number. The deposit routing number, the customers name and the banks name. So we can start there we can take that one by one. Can I have the customers account number? The beneficiaries account number?
OK sure. Zero eight two four. One seven, nine three three four. I'll take that again.
OK.
OK.
Zero eight two four. One seven nine, three three four.
OK excellent thank you. So what was the customer. The beneficiaries name?
Josephine Coospho.
Oh Josephine Oospho correct?
Yes that's correct.
OK can I have the deposit routing number?
Yes sure. Nine two, one five three, two eight seven. Nine two, one five three, two eight seven.
OK nine two, one five three, two eight seven. Nine two, one five four, two eight seven. OK. All right I have the number. Let me just read through the number. Nine two, one one, five three, eight two seven.
Yes, that's correct.
Is that correct?
All right. No problem. So what bank? What bank is this?
HSBC.
All right is it de~. Is it savings or checkings?
Savings.
OK so you'd like to transfer from your checkings account to the savings account?
Yes please.
OK excellent. So I'm sending you the consent form to consent to the transfer. So when you consent it's going to go through. But meanwhile how much do you want to transfer?
Five hundred and fifty dollars.
OK I just got a credit for of one thousand two hundred dollars in your account the one that newly opened. So I will transfer in five fifty dollars to this beneficiary. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct.
OK I just forwarded the form to you. Please consent or I will make present the transfer.
OK I will do that right away.
OK so . I've been waiting for the content.
OK I just sent it.
All right. The beneficiary to. Should receive the fund within the hour. So in max maximum in an hour you can contact the beneficiary. The beneficiary being the account. All right will that be all ma'am?
Yes that will be all.
OK thank you for choosing Intellibank. Do have a wonderful day.
Oh thank you so much have a wonderful day too.
Thank you bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi Daisy, my name is George. I wanna move some money around. You know, sometimes it feels like juggling is all I ever do.
OK, lets see if I can help. What is it you were hoping to do today?
I wanted to move money from one account to another. Is this something that Intellibank does over the phone?
Intellibank.
Yeah, Intellibank, yeah, sorry.
No problem. Are you thinking about doing a wire transfer from like your checking to your savings?
Yeah, that's exactly what I'd like to do.
OK George, perfect. I'd be happy to assist you today. Let's pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
It's George Emery, and I live at one fifty-three Pine Cone Circle, in Branson Missouri and the ZIP code is five five three two four.
And your date of birth please?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety nine.
Name of your first pet?
Wink.
Wink? And can you confirm your checking account number please?
Sure, it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
This is the checking account you want to transfer funds from today?
Yeah.
Great. Your current balance is six thousand four hundred and ten dollars and fifty-two cents. How much are we going to transfer to your savings account?
Let's do seven hundred and fifty dollars.
OK, and can you confirm the savings account number for me?
Yeah, just a minute I have to look that up. I know I had it written down but, I don't know where I put it.
No problem George, take your time.
OK, I've got it.
OK George, go ahead.
It's zero zero one six, nine three three one eight.
Zero zero one six nine three three one eight?
no I'm sorry, I misspoke. It's zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
OK, thank you, got it. One moment while I put this information together and then I'll have you confirm it for me.
OK.
OK, so here's the information. George Emery is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of seven hundred and fifty dollars from his checking account. Zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. To his savings account, zero zero one six three nine three three one eight. Does this all sounds correct George?
Yes.
Great, it'll be just a moment, and then I'll have a confirmation number for you to write down.
OK. So. How's your day been today then Daisy?
Pretty good. How about you George?
it was pretty good, not bad, you know, went to go see a movie.
Nice. What movie did you see?
it's I don't, I don't remember which one, it was one of the new Marvel movies.
A new Marvel movie, Venom?
Yeah, yeah I think that was it.
How was it?
It was OK, a little cheesy.
Yeah I saw the first one years ago. It was all right, nothing spectacular.
Exactly.
Well George, I have this transaction number for you. Do you have a pen ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
OK. That number is eight nine nine one two. sorry. Eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
Eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
Yeah.
OK.
And then, your final balance in your checking account is five thousand six hundred and sixty dollars and fifty two cents. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
actually yes. Could you just really quickly check why I can't log in on mine?
Sure. Have you successfully logged in previously?
No, I tried but I wasn't able to ever get in.
Yeah, I see that your, you haven't activated your credentials. Let me pop that information and explain to you what needs to be done. if this is your first time using Intellibank's online banking, you have to click the first time users enrol here link. Then you read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number, your social security number your date of birth, and then create a password. Once you're logged in, you'll be prompted to choose and answer five security questions and also enrol in the one time security code feature. Does that make sense?
Yeah, that makes sense.
Good, would you like me to email that to you?
Yes, please.
Alright, and I've got the email G Emery at G mail?
Yeah, that's right.
Alright, I have sent that. And if you have any questions or concerns you feel free to give us a call back. Is there anything else I can help you with now?
No, I think that's it.
All right, well thanks for calling Intellibank. Have a great day.
You too, thanks.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes, hello Jerry. My name is Evelyn Richards, and I'd like to update my email address.
Happy to assist you with that Ms. Richards. I. In. For account security, I just need to ask a few questions. what is your date of birth?
It's eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK. And Ms. Richards, what is the last four of your social?
It is eight two six eight.
Thank you for that, Ms. Richards. And also, Ms. Richards, what is your home phone number?
OK. My home phone number is six seven eight. Two zero two. Four two five three.
Thanks, Ms. Richards. And how is your day going today?
The day is going well. Very happy I got a lot done.
Good to hear that! Good to hear that. I'm glad that you are having a good day.
Well, thank you!
have you been able to get ready for the holidays?
I'm just in that process, so I'm looking forward to it.
Hopefully, this year with, you know. It'll be better than last year with all of the restrictions due to the pandemic.
I agree, and I think it will be definitely better than it was.
Indeed indeed. And you said you wanted to update your email address? Is that correct?
That is right.
All right. And what did you want to change your email to?
I want to change it to E Richards one at mail dot net.
OK. that's E Richards one at mail dot net?
That is correct. Mhm.
OK, I was able to go ahead and get that updated, Ms. Richards.
OK, thank you! And I also would like to update my phone number as well. My add a cellphone.
OK.
OK. You wanna add a number?
Yes, I would.
OK. And what is that number?
OK, it's four seven eight. Three six one. Eight zero three one.
OK. And that number is four seven eight. Three six one. Eight zero three one?
Yes.
OK, I was able to get that updated for you, Ms. Richards. And just so that you know, you can go online as well. do you. Are you aware of online banking with us?
Yes, I am.
Terrific. Well, just so that you know for future reference, you can go right online via online banking with us here at Intellibank, and you'll be able to update your account information as well as make changes or add phone numbers and addresses if you need to right there online at your convenience.
OK, thank you for that!
And is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like to do a wire transfer.
OK! We're happy to do that for you. I just need to get this pulled up for you, Ms. Richards. If you would, Oh. Do you know what your account number is?
I don't know what my account number is.
OK, well Ms. Richards unfortunately, without having the account number, we wouldn't be able to process a wire transfer due to security reasons.
Why?
great question. the reason being, Ms. Richards, is because you have several accounts here with us. And also because of that, I wouldn't know which account you would want to pull funds from. And also, as a extra layer of security just to ensure that for your protecting of your funds, we don't move funds out of your account without knowing what the account number is.
OK, yes. I understand that. So I guess I can just call. You know, go and get that information and then call back.
You can't.
You can. Now an alternative as well for you, Ms. Richards, is believe it or not, again you can go to our online banking, and you are able to access your account there. And you can get your account number there as well as make the wire transfer yourself right there online.
Well, thank you! you just mentioned that, so that's exactly what I'll do!
Terrific, Ms. Richards. And is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. There's nothing else for now.
Well, Ms. Richards, again I'm sorry I was unable to assist with the wire transfer, but I'm glad that we were able to at least get taken care of updating your email information.
yes. I'm glad I got that done, too.
And again, just go online, and they'll. You you could be able to get that wire transfer taken care of yourself. We certainly appreciate you giving us a call here at Intellibank.
All right. Well, thank you for your help.
You have a great day.
You as well.
Bye bye!
Bye!
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alisha and how may I help you today?
Hey Alisha, how are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well ma'am. Thank you so much for asking and how about yourself?
Oh, I'm doing just fine. Thank you very much. The reason that I'm calling, my sister, she has been out of work. So, I was going to see if it would be possible for me to send some money from my checking account over to hers? She actually also banks with Intellibank,
and first though, if it's OK, my friend was telling me about a money-back card that you guys have. Would you be able to give me a little bit of information about that?
Oh, absolutely ma'am, I would be happy to help you with both of those requests. Now, the money-back card that you're referring to, I believe that would be our cash back card, and, with that, we do offer three percent cash back on all purchases and, once approved, it does have a very low APR. It's only eight point nine nine percent. Is that something you'd be interested in going ahead and applying for today?
Oh, no ma'am. Thank you though. I just really would like to go ahead and see about sending that money over to my sister, if that's OK?
Yes ma'am, absolutely, that is fine. I do need to get a little bit of information for from you though, excuse me, so I can pull up your account.
sure. What information do you need?
May I please have your first and last name, as well as your date of birth, please.
Sure, it's Misty Dill, D I L L, and my birthday is February the fifteenth nineteen sixty-two.
All right, I have your name as Misty Dill, D I L L, and birthdate February the fifteenth nineteen sixty-two?
Yes ma'am, that is correct.
Thank you so much for that Miss Dill, and may I also have your driver's license, please?
Sure, it's A as in apple, one zero nine eight seven three nine four eight one five.
All right, thank you, Miss Dill. Now that was A as in Apple one zero nine eight seven three nine four eight one five?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
Thank you for that Ms. Dill. Now, may I also verify your telephone number, please?
Sure. It is four five three two seven two two two two six.
Thank you, that was four five three two seven two two two two six?
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
Thank you for that Miss Dill. Now, may I have the account number that you'd like to withdraw the money from, please?
Sure. it's my checking account, and that would be nine one nine five seven one two eight seven.
All right, so I have your checking account number as nine one nine five seven one two eight seven?
Yes, ma'am, that's correct.
Alright, thank you for that, and may I have the account number that that you would like the money to be deposited in.
sure can. Actually, can you hold on for just one second? I'm sorry, I thought I had I had it right here in front of me. But, it's in the other room. I'm so sorry.
Sure, that's no problem whatsoever, Miss Dill. Let me know whenever you're back.
OK.
OK, I'm back. I'm so sorry about that.
Oh, that's not a problem whatsoever Miss Dill. Now, what is that account number?
It is one three four five nine zero zero nine two.
All right, I had one three four five nine zero zero nine two.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
Thank you, Miss Dill, and how much would you like to send her?
let's deem it A hundred and fifty dollars, I think that should cover her light bill.
All right, ma'am, I have that as a hundred and fifty dollars. Gimme just one moment, please while I get that transferred over to her.
OK, Thank you.
All right, I do have that transferred right on over to her and it should be reflected in her balance as of immediately. Is there anything else that I can help you with today, Miss Dill?
No, ma'am, that will be all. Thank you so much for your help.
All right, thank you so much for calling Intellibank, again, my name is Alisha and you have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Beth. How can I help you?
Hey Beth, how you doing? I'm a customer of yours, of Intellibank bank. And~.
Oh I'm sorry to interrupt you. It's actually Intellibank. Just to let you know.
Oh all right, well. I. I hope I have the right bank then.
I mean
We are an Intellibank bank but it's Intellibank.
Well.
OK. Well in my eyes, you're Intellibank, so so all right so I I have major problem. I am from the Philadelphia area. I am traveling out of town. I'm in Nashville and I need a actual bank location so I can go. I have some banking things I need to take care of. Some deposits, withdrawals, some checks, and I I just have a lot of situations I need to take care of in person not you know at an ATM or whatever. So is there a local bank to my location? I'm having trouble finding one.
Mm.
Absolutely, I'm here to help you. first off, what is your name?
OK, my name is Henry.
Goff. G O F F.
Henry OK. And when is your date of birth?
It's oh five oh one nineteen eighty-two.
OK and just real quick if you can answer your security question. What was the name of the street that you grew up on?
Jones Road.
Perfect. OK and just one more piece of information. If you happen to have your bank card on you. If I can get your account number.
Oh, all right yeah. Hang on one second let me just get my wallet out. actually sitting on the side of a road. just give me one second.
No problem.
OK Bethy are you ready?
Yes Mr. Goff, go ahead.
OK. the number is four oh.
Seven five.
OK.
oh oh seven six.
five four.
Three one.
Six eight.
Six nine.
OK perfect. OK, so you are in the Nashville area?
Yes.
OK I have a bunch of different locations that I can can instruct you to. the one that is a very popular branch. It's the biggest branch in Nashville and I know you want to go in and speak to someone in person. They open at they also open up the earliest. They open at seven a.m. if you have any problems while you're on a trip and you need to get back into the bank. they also have Saturday hours. So if you're ready I can go ahead and give you that address.
OK.
OK it's twenty-one oh eight Bellmont Boulevard. and the ZIP code is three seven one one two.
OK.
OK?
is by chance because I'm not you know totally familiar with the whole Nashville area cuz I'm here visiting. I'm guessing is that right by Bellmont University?
Actually, let me just take a look at the map and see what's near it. Yes actually it is right around the corner from Bellmont's main campus. So is that something that helps you out?
that will be perfect because I'm staying not too far from there. Actually right now I'm not too far from there. And I can like what are the hours today? You said they open at seven are they still open right now?
Mhm.
Yes they're open until five p.m. and then on Thursday evenings, they're open until seven p.m.. From seven to seven, and that's their long day. And on Saturdays, they're open from seven a.m. to one p.m.. That particular location.
OK.
Now is I can give you some other locations, but you're thinking that this is the best bet?
Perfect.
No, this one is perfect. Cuz like I said I'm staying not to far from there and this is going to be a huge help. Now this a little off topic. let me just start it out there. Like I said I'm from Philly and by chance in the magic wands you have of finding bank locations can you find me a good cheesesteak in Nashville?
Mhm.
well I'm not in Nashville right now but you are in luck because I do have a bunch of friend and a couple of family members that live there. And some of them are from New York but they do enjoy a good Philly cheesesteak. And there is a place there it's called Bob's Steak's and hang on one moment and I will I will get it up on the map for you and just give me one moment.
OK.
OK yeah so that's gonna be on highway seventy in the Bellevue part of Nashville. I guess that's still considered Nashville. But yeah you can check that out and yeah.
Mkay, great.
this is a two for one shop I see here at it I'm sorry but the name is being changed to Intellibank bank because you've helped me on both things.
Oh Mr. Goff, thank you so much. It's my pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with? Maybe signing up for online banking or anything like that at this moment?
you know what I mean I was curious about a couple things. I mean the online banking I mean I know a lot of people do it now. And I know a lot of people do the whole thing on the app. It in your honest opinion. You've helped me with cheesesteaks, you helped me with with finding the branch location. Is the online banking really worth it?
Absolutely. I use it all the time. It's so convenient. You can actually transfer funds between accounts. You can have your bills paid that way. And if you want to really sit down and get the whole spiel. If you're going to be visiting a branch you might as well just sit down and let them explain everything in person. They have free coffee at that branch. So you know you can just sit down and get everything you need at that location. Plus your caffeine fix if you're a coffee drinker.
If they have donuts I'm going there for breakfast every morning.
That's awesome. So is there anything else I can help you with today?
I.
I think that's it, Beth. Thank you so much for everything.
Thank you so much, and call back any time. If you need us we're always here and it was a pleasure servicing you.
Thank you, take care.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Pat speaking. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
my name is Keelie Walls.
Hey Ms. Walls. What can I do for you?
OK so, there's something off on my account balance. Like it is way less than it should be and I I can't figure out why, and I I couldn't get into my my mobile app. so I I that's why I'm calling. I just gotta figure out what's wrong with the account.
OK, and what is your date of birth?
it is five seven seventy-four.
And what's the account number that you're inquiring about?
I can't get into my account, and I don't remember what it is.
OK. Do you have your license that you opened your account with on you?
I do.
And what state is that issued by?
Missouri.
And the number?
Five seven four three two zero six seven eight.
And what is your high school mascot?
it's a T-Rex.
A T-Rex. I've never heard of a high school having a T-Rex. That's kinda awesome.
It is. We grab a lot.
Kinda hard to play football with a T-Rex though, huh?
Oh our mascot was so lively.
All right, so you said it sounds like your account balance is off right?
Yes.
I had the balance is four hundred fifty-three dollars and twenty-two cents.
Oh gosh, it should be at least about two hundred dollars more.
All right, let me look at your recent transactions here.
OK.
I'm showing a purchase on Amazon dot com two days ago for a hundred dollars and twenty-eight cents.
Yeah, OK. Two days ago, yes. I made that purchase.
And then I am showing a purchase for Sprint dot com for two-hundred thirty-eight dollars and twenty-five cents.
OK I don't use Sprint, I use Verizon Wireless. I don't do business with Sprint.
All right. So, is there anybody else that has access to your account that would have used Sprint?
Purchased something from Sprint?
No. I mean I only have the one debit card, and I'm the only person listed on the account. I mean shoot. I don't even have a boyfriend. No kids.
Yeah, I'm not. So this wouldn't be your subscription fee or something that you signed up for with Sprint?
No, I don't do any business with Sprint.
Have you tried contacting them?
Well, I didn't even know it was on there because I haven't been able to get into my mobile app.
OK. Well I can launch a dispute for you on for that charge. there will need to be an investigation done. It can take up to thirty days.
that's fine.
And in the meantime we will credit the account for you for for that amount. would you like to put a protection on your account for to protect from further fraudulent transactions?
yes.
We can lock the card.
I would like to go ahead. Can we can we lock that? Can we go ahead and just send me a new card because I'm thinking somehow. I mean I've got I've got the card on my person, but I'm unable to use my I couldn't use my card or credentials to get into to my app, and I had that stuff saved so I'm thinking that somehow someone got my password or something.
OK so I'm gonna cancel this debit card.
OK.
Ending in four two two oh.
All right.
And I'm gonna issue you another one. It's gonna take about three to five business days to get there.
OK that that works.
And then you'll need to go into the local branch or call the number on the back and set up a pin.
All right.
Once you receive that and our investigation team will be in contact with you. And I would also encourage you to reach out to Sprint and just make sure that that's not something for some other name.
yeah I definitely I will definitely do that.
If at the end of the investigation it's found that you did make that charge, though, we will be debiting that amount back from your account.
Oh obviously, no problem. so what do I do to go ahead and be able to access my my app or the website again? Cuz I think that's where my problem started.
OK maybe you just need to reset your password. Can you go onto Intellibank dot com for me?
yes.
You see you see where it says login?
OK.
hold on. Just a second. OK yeah, I'm here.
All right, put in your email address that you have associated with the account.
OK.
And then you see where it says forgot password?
Yes.
Click that.
All right.
And it's gonna email you a temporary password and follow directions that are on the email that that that's sent to you.
Oh OK we've got a problem. It just came back saying that that that email isn't associated with with an account. So what do I need to do now?
What email do you have?
it is little princess nineteen seventy-four at Gmail dot com.
Oh I see what it is here. We had the Gmail the A and the I transposed so I fix that for you here on our end.
OK.
Try that again for me.
OK. OK I didn't get the error message and hold on. I got the email.
Perfect. Just follow the instructions and it will help help you set up the access to it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. I guess I'm gonna do what my boyfriend told me to do. Oh I don't have a boyfriend, that's right cuz he broke up with me.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Yeah. Oh my gosh, maybe he's the one who got into my account.
Well that's something the investigation will look to see.
And our investigator will be in contact with you. Is the best number to reach you at the three three four five five five one two five two?
yes.
All right and we have your email here, so keep an eye on your email and they will either reach out to you by phone. If they can't get you that way, they will email you with a request to call in.
All right. I appreciate it so much.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it.
All right. We appreciate your business. You have a good day.
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes, hey Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I'm calling because I need to Open an account, with you and then, close one.
OK, thank you, and again your name is miss?
Evelyn Richards.
Richards?
Ms. Richards, you said you wanted to open an account and then close an account?
Yes.
OK. Thanks for calling Ms. Richards and I believe I can help you with that. if I can ask, Ms. Richards, what is your account number? Just for security purposes.
My account number is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK, and I think I've got you pulled up here, Ms. Richards. Ms. Richards, let me ask also, just for security purposes as well, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez, OK I think we got you pulled up. Alright Ms. Richards. And you said you're calling in today because you wanted to open an account?
Yes, a checking account.
OK, a checking account. OK and Ms. Richards, with our checking account here at Intellibank the account has no charges, it's a free account.
Oh that's good!
To all of our customers. and we thank you for. Thought you would like that.
Mhm, yes.
and and let me ask Ms. Richards, how much would like you to deposit in your account?
Well I would like to see. Could I just move whatever's in the account I'm closing, in to the new account.
OK! Understood, as a matter of fact if you like, we can go ahead and handle that now.
And could you hold on for just a second I need to take care of some things, one moment.
Certainly. And.
OK, thank you so much.
OK, no problem Ms. Richards. Now, the account that you want to close is. which account would that be Ms. Richards?
OK, that is going to be the savings account.
OK, I have this pulled up. Now, Ms. Richards if you would just verify the account number.
seven nine six five six two four eight eight two six zero four two five three.
OK. For account ending in four two five three?
Yes.
Alright. And Ms. Richards while I get this pulled up, how is it going today?
Oh, it's going good. It's a beautiful day.
It is. It's bright and sunny outside. are you in the Augusta area?
Yes, mhm.
Oh,
Yeah. It's I've heard that it's seventy-five degrees, it's beautiful out there!
It is. We're enjoying this weather, I love the Fall weather.
OK, and now Ms. Richards I have this account pulled up. if I may ask, you have a reason that you wish to close the account?
Yes, I just wanted to just have one account with the bank.
OK, makes sense. And Ms. Richards, my understanding is you stated you wanted to transfer I see you have a balance here of two hundred and twenty-three dollars and you wanted to transfer that from your savings that you wish to close into the new checking account, Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK. Let me just get this pulled up. And while I process this on my end, Ms. Richards, let me just let you know that the bank charges an interest rate of of zero point zero two three percent on checking for customers that have funds in their checking account so that's over the annualized end of year, just so that you're aware and of course the fees of the account. There are. Is a free account, however obviously, if there are bounced checks there's a thirty-five dollar bounced check fee, overturned check fee. and there's also a fee if there are any returns on ACH transfers,
Well the thirty-five dollars sounds, kind of high.
Great point, Ms. Richards. Now we do of course say that we prefer you not have any returned check fees and then you won't be charged that account fee. does that make sense Ms. Richards?
Mhm.
It does.
Because generally speaking, the account is free.
Right.
so again Ms. Richards, we really appreciate the value of your business, and by the way, let me just ask, did you. Are you aware of our online banking?
Could you tell me a little bit more about it?
Absolutely. Well Ms. Richards, with our online banking, what that allows you to do is to be able to log in online, to monitor your account, checking account balances transfer funds between accounts, make payments, do bill pay. All online, for free.
Wow! That is great, I like that.
Terrific, and does that make sense, Ms. Richards?
It does. I really appreciate all that you've helped me with today.
Well terrific, Ms. Richards. Just so that you know, what we've done is gone ahead and closed your savings account with us and we've transferred the funds of two hundred and twenty-three dollars from your now closed savings account into your new advantage checkings account with Intellibank.
Great! That's exactly what I wanted to do.
Terrific, Ms. Richards! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, there's not. I appreciate it.
Thank you Ms. Richards! Intellibank appreciates your business, and you have a terrific day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
yes. I just called a little while ago. And I was asking about how I could make a deposit when there wasn't a branch close to where I'm staying?
OK. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
Oh, yep. Jill, I do remember talking to you earlier. Were you able to make that deposit online like we discussed?
so I tried to login. Like I tried to log back into my online bank account to make that deposit there like we talked about.
But it keeps telling me my password is incorrect. so can somebody possibly help me with that?
OK. Jill, unfortunately I don't have access to locate your passwords.
But there should be an option on our website where you can at the login point where you can say that you've forgotten your password and it will take you to a link where you can reset that.
Yeah but I did that but I'm not sure what my email is that I used to create the account. So I've tried so many times to try to figure it out that I got locked out.
OK. Would you like me to transfer you to our Intellibank's ITSD department and they can maybe help you get that unlocked?
No. I mean. So actually I really need to get this deposited soon. I I was wondering like can I make the deposit through the ATM or whatever? I I can call back later to reset everything online. But I just want to get this deposited first if it's possible.
Yeah. You can make deposits at any Intellibank ATM. Would you like me to help you locate an ATM location near you?
Yeah, that'd be great actually.
OK, Jill. So what is the address you are trying to locate an ATM near?
It's five zero six it's Franklin and it's Kansas City, Missouri.
OK. Is that Franklin Avenue or Franklin Street.
I'm sorry. Yeah, it's a street.
OK, and what is the ZIP code there?
The ZIP code is six seven one zero nine.
All right. Give me just a moment to look up a couple of location for you. OK?
Yeah, that's OK. Also at the ATM so I just deposit with my card or do I have to fill out a deposit slip or something? Like is there something I need to do beforehand?
yeah Jill. So you do use your debit card to make that deposit. And you can bring your own deposit slip or at the ATM they should have those available for you as well.
you you literally though will have an envelope for you when you get there. You can put either your own personal deposit slip or one of the ones that you receive whenever you go to the ATM there in order to make that deposit.
I have also found a couple of ATM locations for you as well. If you'd like I usually like to provide our customers with at least two locations just just in case they run into any kind of conflict with one of them, they have a backup. If you have a pen I can share those with ya.
Yeah, I'm ready.
OK.
So the first one I have for you says that it's one point three miles from your address and it's located inside of a Kroger grocery store. The address to that location is eight nine zero Baldwin Avenue and that's Kansas City, Missouri. Did you need me to repeat that address?
Yeah, you said eight nine zero, correct?
Yes. That's eight nine zero Baldwin Avenue.
OK. I got that one written down.
All right. Give me just another second.
just in case you experience any issues at this location, our records also show that the ATM the ATM is open for service. But just to be safe, in case there's any kind of outside preventatives like construction or something that may affect you getting there we also have another location and that one is two point one miles away.
And that is a stand alone drive-through ATM location. And it looks like that's in the parking lot of the Hy Vee grocery store.
And the address there is three four zero nine West Jolly Road, J O L L Y.
And that's in Liberty, Missouri. Are you familiar at all with that location?
no, not really. I'm sure I could find it. But you said three zero nine West Jolly Road. Is that what you said?
No. I'm sorry. It was three four zero nine Jolly Road.
Not three zero nine. Three four zero nine. I'm apologize.
OK. Got that one too.
can you tell me is it safe to put cash into these ATMs or or will it won't like get lost or I won't lose it or anything?
Yeah, Jill. So it is safe to put cash in the ATM.
the ATM should be secure and as long as you follow deposit instructions no one should be able to access that.
I do want you to be aware that cash deposits made at the ATM do not always post to your account immediately but they should show up pending in your account immediately.
So until that cash amount can be confirmed then the balance won't be actually credited to your account. But they will show it pending until they're able to pick that deposit up.
So do you know how long it takes them to confirm that?
Yeah, so each ATM is different but there should be pickup times on each ATM whenever you go to visit. It should be listed right on the front of that ATM and tell you what time those those deposit locations or I'm sorry those deposit times are.
and what they do is they just send someone by usually twice a day to pick those up.
OK. Does it tell you those times in your system. Can you tell me if one of those ATMs has certain times?
unfortunately, it does not. Generally the pickup times are around eight a.m. and three p.m. daily. But those can vary some by location. It just depends on who's picking them up.
OK. So as long as I beat the afternoon pickup then that's good, right? If I get there now before three, somebody should get it today?
Yeah, that's correct. Somebody should get it today. If you if you get there today by three you you somebody should be able to pick that up today and get that deposited in your bank account and get that confirmed for ya. Was there anything else that I could do for you today?
Nope. I think that's it.
OK, Jill. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank. You have a good day. OK?
OK.
Thank you for calling Intelli Bank this is Daisy how may I help you?
Hi, Daisy my names George I don't need. I don't know where any of the branch locations are.
Oh, I see I'll be happy to help you with that today George. Let's pull open your account and verify your information. What is your full name and address?
Sure it's George Emery and I live at one five three Pine Cone Circle.
Thank you and what is your phone number?
It's six one two two two nine three nine zero nine.
Your date of birth?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And what is the name of your first pet?
Wink.
Wink thank you for that sir and can you verify your checking account number for me?
sure let me retrieve that. OK, are you ready?
Yep.
It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Thank you for that George. So I am showing three locations three branch locations near you. We have one at two twenty-eight Laverne Court. Four nine one at four ninety-six Macintosh Street and then the furthest from you which is not quite a mile is one sixty-seven Pittsburg Way.
you know what just forget I want to close my account.
Oh, you'd like to close your account? OK. Alright I would be happy to help you with that and I am showing that you currently have a balance of one thousand eighty-one dollars. would you like to transfer this or would you like us to send you a check?
I'd like to transfer it, please.
OK and will this be domestic or an international wire transfer?
It'll be domestic.
And will we be transferring into a checking or a savings account?
A checkings account.
And can I ask why you'd like to close your account today sir?
Do I really need a reason? Can't, you just do it?
Absolutely I'll be happy to help you. Alright, provide me with that routing number, please.
Yeah it's nine eight two five four three six four four.
Thank you and may I have the account number?
It's seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Thank you and let me just put this together and then I will have you confirm for me. Alright George Emery is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of one thousand eighty-one dollars from his Intelli Bank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. We are sending these funds to another financial institution routing number nine eight two five four six four four. And account number seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is this correct?
Yeah.
Alright George and we'll gonna go ahead and cancel this account as well. Close the account and in just a moment I will have a transaction ID number for you.
Sure. What are you doing this weekend Daisy?
Well, I don't have any plans in particular probably just grocery shopping and laundry. How about you?
go down to the lake catch a few fishes. See what happens.
Fun Fun. I do have a confirmation number ready for you George. Do you have a pen and paper?
Yeah, I'm ready.
OK so the confirmation of the wire transfer is nine nine one seven six two nine. Did you get that?
Nine nine one seven six two nine. Yep got it.
Great. And It will take about ten to thirty minutes for that wire transfer to go all the way through. Once that post to the new account you will receive an email advising that it's been made. You'll also receive a separate email advising that your account has been closed. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There's nothing that else I have to do with my account closure? There's no paperwork I have to sign?
Nope you authorized it verbally over the phone and that that is enough these calls are recorded.
OK great.
Alright well, you have a great day George.
Yeah, you too thanks bye.
Thank you bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes, Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards. I'm out of town and in New York and I need to make a deposit to cover my car note.
Absolutely happy to help you with that Ms. Richards. How's the travels going?
Oh, it's going pretty good I'm here on some family, you know, gettin' together and every thing. So yep, everything's fine.
And and where are you located, you where where are you at right now? Where are you traveling to?
I'm in New York.
OK, New York. I love New York. It's just always busy time in New York.
It really is. I'm at the Ritz Carlton near Central Park.
Oh, you're at the Ritz Carlton near Central Park. OK well very nice, very nice. it sounds like you're really enjoying yourself there.
I am. I'm looking forward to the stay. I'll be here for a week.
beautiful, beautiful. You said that you want you were trying to make a payment and wanted to make like a deposit some money into your account to cover a payment?
Yes to cover my car note.
Your car note? OK. Well again, Ms. Richards, happy to help you with that. are you aware of any ATMs that are near where you are?
I am not familiar with any where I am.
OK yeah. I mean because what you could do, Ms. Richards, is if you needed to make a deposit in order to cover your car note payment with us you could simply go to one of our, go to an ATM and make a deposit to fund your payment for your car note.
OK.
And since you're unaware of where an ATM as you said you're staying do you you were staying at the Ritz Carlton near Central Park?
Yes and by the way I am at two fifteen Charlton Avenue.
OK, you're at two fifteen Charlton Avenue?
Yes.
OK and that's in what city?
New York.
New York? OK. New York in the state New York. OK and let me see here. I think I can get this pulled up. Yep, I was able to locate about five locations. We got a lot of little ATMs out there up in New York.
That's good.
I see one that's maybe about it appears a quarter of a mile from this address. that is at six twenty-seven Third Avenue and I see another location, Miss Richards, at seven fifty-four Madison Drive.
OK, I think that's not that far from me. That's close, pretty close.
OK, OK, terrific. Well well that is right there for you, and it looks like it's available twenty-four hours. So you can just as long as you get in the deposit by nine p.m. today those funds will be credited to the account today if you were attempting to make a payment today on your account.
OK that'll be great.
All right, well is there any other questions I can help you with?
I do need to see what my available balance is on my checking account.
Oh, sure, happy to help you with that. if you would I'm just gonna need to ask a few questions just for security purposes. first of all, what is your phone number?
Four seven eight three six one eight zero three one.
OK, that's four seven eight three six one eight zero three one?
Yes.
All right and Ms. Richards what is your account number?
I don't remember what that is. I don't remember my account number.
OK no problem at all. see if we can pull it up another way. And just for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
OK and Ms. Richards, if you would, just what is your social security number? I should be able to pull up your account that way.
OK it is two three five.
Mhm.
Zero six.
Mhm.
Eight two six eight.
OK. I think we got you pulled up here. And that's again two three five zero six eight two six eight?
Yes.
All right. Yes and Ms. Richards the available balance and this is for your checking account, is that correct?
Correct.
The available balance I see in your checking account is twelve thousand six hundred and pardon me, it's twelve hundred six six hundred pardon me again, it's twelve hundred sixty dollars and fifty-three cents.
OK, thank you.
Pardon me there, I I was looking at your account number or something else on the account and it it got me distracted, there. So again that was twelve hundred sixty dollars and fifty-three cents.
Well thank you. I wish it was twelve thousand.
Apologies again. And Ms. Richards is there anything else I can assist you with?
No.
All right, well, thanks Ms. Richards. And again, you have a terrific time there in New York and thanks for doing business with Intellibank.
Well thank you for your help.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary. How can I help you?
Hi. This is Peter Davis. I wanna deposit money and I don't know what to do.
OK sir. I would be happy to help you with that. Are you trying to find an ATM, or you wanna go take it to the bank?
a bank branch I think is best.
OK. and you have an a. an account with us here at Intellibank?
Yeah, of course I do. Otherwise, I wouldn't have called you.
OK, I understand sir. I just want to verify to make sure I don't give you inaccurate information. OK. So, sir, where are you located? Do you have your state city?
Yes, I'm in Austin, Texas.
OK. And do you know a street address that you're at?
One thousand Maryland Street.
Perfect sir.
Stupid name.
OK, so let me type that in. Just a moment. OK, so it looks like there's a bank branch about fifteen minute drive from where you're at.
OK. And how do I get there?
OK, sir, it looks like I can. we have our system set up where I can send you a text message. It will provide the address and the location of the bank. You can plug it into your navigation system and get you there.
OK sounds great.
OK, just a moment. Let me get to another screen so I can get some further information. can I get your phone number to text that information to?
Yes. Five one two. Four eight seven. Zero one four three.
Five one two four eight seven zero one four three?
Yes.
OK, let me get that information together for you. I'm taking a screenshot, and I'm gonna send it right over. And.
How long is it gonna take?
it's on its way right now.
OK.
just tell me as soon as you receive it. I'll sit on the phone with you.
Yes, I got a message.
OK sir, go ahead and open that up to see if it's readable and that you understand the information on there.
wait. I need to have my reading glass. Yes, I can see it.
OK sir.
Yep, perfect.
OK. And that bank branch, you will be able to do plenty of things there. deposit your cash, move money, talk to a teller when we're open. Is there any other information you would like?
No not really. I just need to make a deposit there. And yeah therefore, I called you to get the nearest bank branch.
OK sir.
what?
Are the opening hours of the bank?
let me pull that up. Eh looks like they're open Monday through Friday from ten a.m. to six p.m..
it's already five o'clock so I need to hurry I think then, right?
Yes sir. They're open for one more hour, but as long as you get there and get in line they will assist you.
Oh, that should be great!
Yes, we take part in our customer service at Intellibank.
OK. And you're sure it's fifteen minutes?
Yes sir. It looks like it's a three-and-a-half three point five mile trip, but you're in rush hour traffic, so yes, it looks like it's a. Probably about fifteen minutes.
OK. And. And I need some information about loans. A personal loan. can you email that?
Yes sir. I can get that together for you. is this a loan for under ten thousand dollars?
Yes.
OK sir! Let me get that information over on that screen. OK. And so do you have an email address you would like this. Send this. Me to send this to you at?
Yes, that is Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com.
Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
OK, I'm gonna send that over. Probably within the next two to three minutes you should receive it . it will have all the basic information of our personal loans that we offer. we offer very low interest rates and as long as you're. Been a good customer and have decent credit we typically give out those loans to most people.
Oh, that's great! And then I have another question about a loan. do you also do loans for houses?
Yes sir. We do do mortgage loans. That's not a problem. that's a little bit different process. Would you like me to send that information to you as well?
Yes, but by with post.
OK. I will send that to you via mail. Let me go over and verify your home address information. let's see. We've got one thousand Maryland Street in Austin, Texas?
Yes.
seven eight one two two?
Correct.
OK sir. And I will send that to you by regular post. it will take probably three to five business days to arrive. But in the meantime, if you would like to go to our website to research any further information on loans you're welcome to do that. Is there anything else you would like assistance with today?
N~
No, that's it. OK, I need to go. I'm in a hurry now.
OK.
OK, Mr. Davis! Thank you for calling Intellibank! This is Mary. Give us a call back if you need any further assistance!
OK, thank you. Bye!
OK, bye bye!
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is James. How may I be of service?
Hello James. Good afternoon. My name is Ellen Woodwork.
I'm actually called to make an inquiry on your ATM point closest to me. I'm currently in Houston, Texas. And also want to find out about your cashback credit cards.
OK.
OK, ma'am. I got all your questions, but, before I proceed to provide . I'd like to ask you some questions.
May I have your account number, please?
Zero one one six eight four two one two six.
OK. Ellen Woodwork. I also like to ask you some security questions. So as to ascertain that the account belongs to you.
OK. So what is your full name again, please?
Ellen Woodwork.
OK. That's correct.
what is your date of birth?
May twenty-eight nineteen ninety four.
OK. That is correct.
I also like to ask you some security questions.
what is your mother's maiden name?
Walter.
OK. That's correct.
what is your parrot name?
Spock.
All right. Thank you. That is correct. All right, I also like to ask you where you're calling from?
I'm calling from Houston, Texas.
OK. Thank you. so you asked about the closest ATM to you?
So we have about one hundred and four ATM machines in Houston, Texas. We have at least that I can send to your email. So that I can pick the one closest to you. So if I, if I, we have your email address, I'll just forward that list to you right now.
If I answer your other questions.
OK. Here goes my email address. Miss Ellen recourse at Gmail dot com.
OK. Thank you. Just hold on a minute while I forward that to you.
All right, Ms. Ellen. I just forward that, forwarded the list to your email. So you can get all the ATMs we have in Houston, and choose the one closest to you.
All right, about your other questions, on cashback credit cards.
Is that correct?
Yes please.
So I'm just gonna tell you about the credit cards we have.
So you can make your choice.
So we have our regular credit cards for once we determine your credit score and we check your account history, would know how much you qualify for. That's for the regular credit cards.
So for the cashback credit card you have to provide us with a cash equivalent. Of what you want to request for, for the loan you are requesting for.
You have to provide eight hundred and thirty percent of what you requested for. So we gonna, we will issue you a cashback credit card once you've met all the requirement that is the credit score. Your back history, and once the cash is provided.
So that's about a second credit card we have. We also have a prepaid credit card. Whereby you just load the money, load the cash you need on it.
And you can as well gives to your children. Or your or anybody around you to use. So the prepaid credit card is just gonna be loaded, and and it'll to you. Based on your request. So that's the second question?
Can I have the third question, please?
Oh, thank you. That'll be all for now. Thank you so much.
All right, Ms. Ellen, thank you for calling. I'm happy I was able to answer all your question.
I would also like to sell some of our products to you. We also have some products.
For debit cards for different account type. And for your account type we have excellent products for you. We have Visa, Mastercard, and American Express card.
they have different limits. You can use them for web and online payments, for Amazon purchase, for Apple purchase.
For different kind of purchase. we also have a mobile app that you can download from the play store, and keep on your phone. And the mobile app has a, an iPhone for chat, so you can reach us directly instead of calling us.
You can just get a customer care agent directly from the mobile app. And you can also request for credit cards and debit cards on your mobile app.
So, Ms. Ellen, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Would that be all, please?
Yes. That would be all.
All right. Thank you.
Good morning, Intellibank, Amber speaking. How can I help you?
Well I this is Robert Johnson and the reason I was calling well, I had a couple reasons I needed to call, actually. oh yeah, that's right. Well I'm going on vacation here in like oh two weeks out to the Bahamas. And there was a couple of things that my significant other wanted me to check in on, first.
Sure. What can I help you with?
well, first I need what are those things she mentioned them, but I can't quite remember what she called them. It's like a pre-loaded card. For spending out in the country, if you're outside the states.
Oh, yep. are you referring to the Traveler's Card?
Yes! OK yes that's what it is, sorry.
Yep, we do offer those. I can definitely help you get set up with one of them.
Oh, that would be great. do I have to go into the bank to find to get this or do I order it over the phone?
You would need to go into the branch to pick it up. They will need to verify your identity. But I can get it all set up over the phone, and then all you have to do is just go in and pick it up.
OK yeah. That would be completely fine. first, what information do you need?
OK I just need to get your account information in order to put your account on to the card.
Alright, yeah. can I put you on hold one second cuz I don't have any of that information prepared, I am so sorry.
Yep, not a problem.
Alright.
Yeah, all right sorry about that, I'm back. with my savings account number is oh two two one seven three.
OK, you have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh magenta?
Yes, that is correct. And then can I please get your driver's license number?
Yes that's eleven two X X as in X-ray sixty-six seventy-nine.
OK, perfect. And you said you wanted to put your savings account on this card?
Oh, actually I meant my checking, sorry.
Your checking account? OK, perfect. OK so I have your checking account now tied to this card. it is immediately ready to use. and then like I mentioned earlier you'll just have to go in to your local branch to pick it up. You'll need to verify everything to make sure.
where's
The local branch located in relative to where I'm at?
Yep, I can definitely help you with that as well. can I please get your address?
Yeah that's twelve fifteen North Cat Cave Lane, San Diego, California, nine two zero eight three.
OK, just one moment here. Oh, looks like you're not too far from this branch. OK, so. It looks like we are actually located about three miles away from that location, and we're at seven zero five Main Avenue.
Oh, yes, I know right where that is, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been really helpful, thank you.
Alright, well then, I will put this up front for one of the gals to help you when you come in. And if there's nothing else I can help you with, you have a safe vacation.
You too!
Bye bye.
Good morning, thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Leslie, how may I help you today?
Hi, I would, I called earlier but the, it was, I was talking to someone else but the phone call got cut off the, the main reason why I was calling is that I'd lost my credit card.
OK I'd be happy to help you with that please accept our apologies, for, for the problems with the phone earlier. Thank you for calling back. Is it your debit card?
What? Yeah, yeah
OK, What's your name and date of birth please?
It's Daniel Corson, that's C O R S O N and my birthday is January twenty-seventh nineteen seventy.
Appreciate that Mister Corson and can I verify your address please?
Yeah I live at ten seventy five deercove avenue that's D E E R C O V E Avenue. It's in mid-land Texas. And the ZIP code is Seven Nine Seven Five Six.
Appreciate that. and would you mind answering the following security questions. My, the name of my first pet is.
the name of my first pet was my dog mister Big. He was the biggest of the litter.
Aww that's great. All right, appreciate that. Alright, so you lost your debit card, can you give me the last four debit card number? I see that you have two here.
The last you want the last digits of the credit card number?
Of the credit card number.
OK the credit card number is four four eight five dash six nine one eight dash zero two two zero dash six six four one nine.
OK and do you remember the last, the date that it was lost? What date you lost it?
Well it was just it was like two days ago I just noticed it was lost today. it was about, it had, the last time I remember using it was about two days ago.
About two days ago, all right so on the ninth?
Yes.
OK and the, do you remember the last place that you that you made a transaction?
yeah I was at a restaurant, the restaurant's name is coconuts.
Coconuts. And that's right there in midlands?
Yeah, actually I have the, I I have the address for it, it's four three three nine six Scarborough Street.
OK appreciate that. Do you remember how much that purchase was for?
it, I think it was about thirty seven, I I I can't remember specifically.
Yeah, that's good you have quite a few purchases from Coconuts. I just wanna make sure.
I know, it's a good restaurant. all right, let me go ahead. It doesn't look like anyone's used the card the card since then so good news on that would you like us to just go, go ahead and re-issue, re-issue, re-issue the card or would you like to check with the, with the Coconuts first?
Well no, I mean that that purchase was definitely made by me and more than likely I may have just lost it so re-issuing I think would be fine. Do you think that would be a good course to take?
I do, I think that's the smartest thing to do right now so let me go ahead and and cancel this debit card for you your next debit card the new one that we issue would be, it takes about seven to ten days to get to your home. let's see here. Can I go ahead and verify your address back to you? One zero seven five deercove avenue, midlands? Texas, seven nine seven five six . That's where we are gonna be mailing it is that OK?
yes that's correct.
OK, fantastic.
Could you go ahead and and confirm the entire credit card number for me?
Yes it's it's four four eight five six nine one eight zero two two zero six four one nine. It expires on seven two thousand twenty four and the CVC is five two one.
Appreciate that sorry I asked you to repeat it twice that's just how our system works all right, so we gonna go ahead and, and I can confirm that I have canceled the the current debit card that we just discussed, so no one would be able to make any purchases or use that card at this point I've confirmed there are no transactions so there's no financial responsibility on your part and, you should be expecting your new debit card within seven to ten business days. When you do receive that card I'm gonna need you to call the number on the sticker on the front of the card to activate it and after you activate it your same pin will still be able to be used on this new card or you can change it on that call if you like. And it will be ready to go. Is there any thing that I can help you with beyond that?
No that was it, thank you very much.
you're so welcome I appreciate it so much and thank you for your time today again my name was Leslie and I hope you have a great day.
Thank you very much Leslie I hope you do too.
Thank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Malik Rondo. How can I assist you today?
Hi. I have two issues I'd like you to resolve for me today.
OK. Go on ma'am.
I lost my credit card. And I'd like to close my account and transfer the remaining funds to my checking account.
OK ma'am. First of all, your credit card needs to be canceled and another will be reissued to you. To proceed, I need some information.
Sure, go on.
What is your first and last name?
My first name is Amelia and my last name is Wright.
What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is the thirtieth of July, nineteen ninety-two.
For your security question, what is your middle name?
My middle name is Melissa.
And what is your credit card number please?
My credit card number is seven three four five seven seven six five nine two one one three two three four. Oh I'm so sorry. I made a mistake. My correct credit card number is eight two five seven seven six five nine two one one three two three four one.
OK. What date did you lose your credit card?
it was about a week ago. it should be on the fourteenth of June.
What is the name of the business you last used your credit card?
I last used my credit card to get an ice cream from a convenience store, downtown LA.
All right. Thanks for the information. It should only take me a moment to cancel your credit card. Just hold on a bit please. All right, your credit card has just been canceled and a new credit card will be ready for you in seven days time.
OK, thank you very much.
Please, I need you to confirm the address you want your new credit card to be delivered to.
Sure. My receiving address is two one four two Norma Lane. Shreveport Louisiana.
Thanks for confirming your mailing address. To activate your credit card upon receiving it, you will find a sticker on the front of the card showing you a phone number and a website for activating your credit card.
OK, thanks for that. Is there any other way to report a stolen or lost card without calling a help line or coming to the bank?
Yes, there is. You can alternatively use online banking by downloading our bank mobile app and registering. You can find Intellibank's mobile app on Google App Store or on the Apple App Store.
OK, thank you. hope you're having a stress-free day.
Yes I am, thank you. Hope your day is going fine as well.
Yes, thank you.
For your second request, you'd like to close your checking account and have your bills transferred to another account, right?
Yes, that's right.
OK. I'm going to ask some questions, all right?
All right.
What is your first and last name?
My first and last name is Amelia Wright.
What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is the thirtieth of July, nineteen ninety-two.
What is the last four digits of your social security number?
The last four digits of my social security number is two three four one.
For your security question, what is your dog's name?
My dog's name is Mr. Giggles.
OK. Can I please have the account number of the account you'd like to close?
Sure. It's four four eight five seven one.
If you don't mind me asking ma'am, what is the reason you want to close your account?
Well, I have both a checking and savings account and I only need one. So I'm closing the checking account. Also, I'd like you to transfer the residual balance of my account to this account number. Four nine five six zero four. The routing number of the deposit account is one nine nine seven six five eight seven two. It is a savings account.
OK ma'am, that's fine. I can confirm your checking account balance is five thousand dollars and eighty-five cents. And the deposit account number you'd like the residual balance to be transferred to is four nine five six zero four. The deposit routing number is one nine nine seven six five eight seven two. And it's a savings account, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, your account closure will be finalized in twenty-four hours. Is there anything else you'd like me to do for you?
No thank you. That'll be all.
OK ma'am. Again, my name is Malik Rondo. Thank you for your time and have a nice day.
You too. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sherrie speaking. How may I help you today?
Hi, I was needing to open a bank account.
OK. I'd be glad to help you with that. Were you wanting to open a checking or savings account today?
A checking account.
OK. what is your first and last name, please?
It is Daisy Bucannon.
OK, and may I have your street address?
Mhm it is two seven four, Gatsby Road, Magee, Mississippi. Three nine one one four. .
That's fine. And your phone number, please?
It is six oh one five one seven, seven one four seven. And then my social is four two seven, eleven, eight seven, zero zero.
Thank you, and may I have your date of birth?
It is March tenth, two thousand.
OK. Thank you for that information. gimme just one moment while get this pulled up into the system.
Oh, and how was your day ma'am?
Oh, it's been wonderful. I always enjoy helping our customers. How was your day today?
Oh, mines been good.
That's great. OK, I have your new account information generated. That new account number is going to be one six seven, two four seven three and our routing number is zero three, five three zero three four six seven. Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Mhm. I was also needing to close one of my accounts.
OK, was that gonna be a checking or savings account that you were closing today?
It's a savings account.
OK. May I have that account number, please?
Mhm, It is seven one, seven four six eight, one five five.
OK, thank you. And I apologize for this. Just a moment ago, I forgot to ask we need to set up a security question. the options would be what is the name of your favorite pet? What street did you grow up on? What is your mother's maiden name, or what is your father's middle name? Which question would you like to set up as your security question, please?
well I don't know two of the answers for two of them. I guess I'll go with favorite pet. That would be Mocha. M O C H A.
Thank you. And I do have that updated to that first account. The one I just gave you the number to, so that's updated to that account specifically. I do apologize again for that inconvenience, but back to this savings account. the security question you had for it, may I have the street you grew up on, please?
let me think for a moment.
I believe it is Athens Road, Mendenhall, Mississipi, three nine one one four.
Yes, ma'am. Thank you for verifying that information. OK. And I already have the account number you must gave. I see you have a balance of twelve thirty-seven fifty-four and no pending transactions. So everything looks good to be able to either write a paper check or transfer funds to a different account. Which one were you wanting to do, please?
I would like to transfer funds to the new checking account.
The one we just opened?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, I'll be happy to do that for you. Lemme get this keyed in. OK. It's checking account number one six seven, two four, seven three. Routing number zero three, five three, zero three, four six seven. I've got that, and since it's an internal transfer the funds will be transferred immediately. So there'll be no waiting time on the being able to use your funds. You'll have access to them immediately. And your account will close. It'll be finalized within twenty-four hours. This cannot be reversed, so this is a final action. was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Mm, lemme think. yeah. I heard that y'all had a online app?
Oh, for the online banking? Yes, ma'am. I'd be glad to give you some information on that. our online banking tool is available twenty-four seven. it's online access. You just go to Intellibank dot com. That's I N T E L L I, bank dot com, and then, you would just create a user ID and password, answer security questions that you have on file with our bank to prove your identity and then it will take you back to the login screen. You'll log in with the information you just set up and then there'll be a drop down menu, and you can choose which account you would like to access. And you can go online, you can open accounts, close accounts, view your bank statement, download your bank statement. make wire transfers, internal transfers. anything that you can do in our help line when we're open nine to five. And we're always glad to help anytime any of our customers call us. So feel free to give us a call if you need help setting that up. like I said, we're always here to help. But this is a very convenient self-service. I use it myself. but yeah, it's just that easy. You just set that up, and then you'll have complete access to your accounts. was there anything else that I could help you with today?
Yes. I was actually wondering if there were any other ways to close a banking account or do I just need to call up here?
you can actually close your account with the online banking tool. You can also visit your local branch, and go in side and speak with a teller. And they'll be happy to complete that for you. That cannot be completed through the drive through or the ATM since it's a complex transaction that requires a verification of identity. But like I said, inside the bank at your local branch just speak with a teller there, and they'll be more than happy to assist you or either the online Intellibank dot com. You can complete the actions there. was was there anything else? I apologize. I didn't mean to interrupt. Was there anything else I could help you with?
no. I believe that's about it.
All right. Well thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Again, this is Sherrie, and you have a nice day.
Thank you. You too.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Debbie, and how may I help you?
Hi Debbie. so a couple days ago I got this letter from you guys in the . In the email. From your bank. And it's. I don't know what it's asking. I think something about my PIN number and going to the ATM. Or local branch And I. I don't even know where. Where the nearest one is.
Oh I can help you with that. So you probably need to know where's the nearest ATM so that you can enter your debit card and activate it with the PIN.
Maybe? I don't. Like I said, I'm not sure what this letter is about.
Oh OK. well what is your address? I may be able to locate the nearest ATM for you.
Seventy-eight sixty-five Maine, spelled M A I N E Avenue.
Oh OK.
Mhm. Oh, I see. Let me check the computer here.
Oh wait. I forgot. I should probably tell you. I live in Schenectady New York.
Oh thank you. OK. I have located two ATMs that are in the vicinity of your address. One is at the corner of Harvest Avenue and Maine Avenue. are you familiar with that one? We have a bank location there. Intellibank.
Sorry. What? My my son was running around. I.
Oh sure. No no problem.
Children!
We have an Intellibank branch with an ATM at the intersection of Maine Avenue and Harvest. Harvest Street. Is that nearby?
I think so. You said there was. There's just the one location? Or.
Well we have an ATM inside your nearby Kroger store.
Oh OK. I know exactly where that is. I go to that Kroger all the time. I didn't know that there was an Intellibank there but.
Yes we. Yes. For your convenience we have one in some grocery stores.
Debbie? I was wondering. Is there a limit on how much cash you can deposit at the ATM?
Yes there is. If your cash deposit will be above five hundred dollars, you're required to use the night deposit box.
And is the night deposit box there right at the ATM? Or do I have to go to a different branch or something?
There is a night deposit box at that ATM. You'll be required a key access. Which if you stop into the branch at the intersection I mentioned, you'll be able to set yourself up for one of those. otherwise, if you're gonna keep your cash deposits to a minimum you won't have a problem. There is a maximum on you. On what you can withdraw as well, and that is two hundred dollars a day.
Oh OK. Great.
At each
Individual ATM because you know they don't store that much cash in the machines.
Yeah. And you said that at Intellibank in Kroger. Right?
Yes. Correct.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Ashley, how can I help you today?
Hi I'm calling because I'd like to dispute a transaction.
Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear about that but I'd be happy to assist you with that. give me just one moment here and I'll bring up my system.
How's your day been so far? I know mine's been a little hectic. I'm hoping yours is going better.
mine is actually going pretty good. It's been a good day, it's nice weather outside so can't complain too much. Thank you for asking. so let's go on and get you verified here so we can process your request. Now may I please have your first and last name.
Hayley Parker.
Thank you and your date of birth?
Four fifteen eighty-nine.
And your credit card number?
Sorry, I'm trying to get it out of my wallet.
Alright. No problem. Take your time.
It always gets stuck when you don't want it to.
That's the truth.
Alright. My credit card number is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Perfect, thank you and lastly your mother's maiden name for security purposes.
Ruggers.
Perfect. Thank you.
Am I able to dispute a transaction with you?
Yes. Absolutely.
And OK and do I get charged for that?
No that it is absolutely a free service that we provide for our customers.
And I actually need to correct my phone number that you guys have on file.
OK. I'll be happy to do that. Let me get to that section. Alright and what phone number will you be updating it to today?
OK, the new number is three one five seven six eight two one three two.
Perfect. Alright, let me just put that in here, three one five seven six eight two one three two, is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
All right submitted. OK that will go into effect immediately and which transaction will it would you be disputing today?
There is an Amazon purchase on here for a hundred and fifty dollars on October ninth and I did not make that purchase I don't even have an Amazon account.
Oh wow. I'm very sorry to hear about that. Is there anyone that's authorized on your account that could have made the purchase?
No Ma'am. Just me.
OK. Alright and just to confirm, your email address is Hayley Parker one four three at Gmail dot com.
Yes.
OK. Alright and I see that this is an Amazon dot com purchase that doesn't sound familiar to you whatsoever?
No Ma'am, not at all.
OK, did it say anything on there about being a regular membership or a subscription fee?
No Ma'am.
OK and have you contacted the business about this transaction?
I did and they told me that I needed to contact my bank.
OK. Alright. That's pretty typical. Alright, so I'll be happy to dispute this charge with you right away just to confirm we're disputing the Amazon purchase for a hundred and fifty dollars that happened on October ninth, correct?
Yes Ma'am.
OK perfect. Alright let me just put fill in some information here, fill this last little bit out. Alright so this request is going to go to our fraud investigations team. They will investigate it thoroughly and if found to be a fraudulent charge, we will credit this transaction right back to your account you should hear from the investigations team when it's concluded within five to seven business days they'll reach out to you via email or phone call sometimes both just to make sure they they get through to you but we'll go ahead and we'll take care of this right away. Is there anything else I can assist you with today Miss Parker?
yes Ma'am. Is there a way to dispute a charge online through the bank online so I can do it myself in the future if need be?
matters such as these actually need to be handled over the phone or in a branch with a bank representative so we can make the proper reports and report it to the proper people. It's just too involved for you know for our customers to do it on their own on their own. So it's definitely something we like to take care of for you. And you know, we don't have a problem doing it whatsoever. so if you ever have any trouble with that you can either go into one of our branches or just give us a call, OK?
OK. That makes sense. Thank you so much.
You're welcome and is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Not that I can think of, you've been a big help. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome and thanks for calling Intellibank and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too. Mm, bye bye.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon thank you for calling Intelli Bank. This is Rose how can I help you today?
hi Rose my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. How about you dear?
I'm doing pretty well. I I'm calling because I need to make a transfer from my account my checking account to my brother's checking account, please.
OK, I can certainly help you with that. I'll just need to gather some information about your account and also his as well.
Sure.
Alright, I need your first and last name on your account.
my first name is Kim last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
Thank you so much and your date of birth?
And my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven and my telephone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five.
OK awesome thank you so much and Can I please have the withdrawal bank account number?
Sure my checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much and your brother's first and last name?
his first name is David last name is also Johns J O H N S.
OK and his bank account number?
let me see here. Give me one second. I had it written right here.
Sure take your time.
OK, here it is. OK here. His bank account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
Alright thank you so much and lastly, I need to know the dollar amount that you're transferring into his account.
I think I'm actually gonna go ahead and transfer a thousand. I was gonna do five hundred but he is he's actually out of work. He's lost his job because the company downsizing. It's a small business and the effects of you know everything with COVID and that just made things unbearable. So Yeah I I'm gonna go ahead and transfer like I said a thousand so I know he has enough at least to cover some bills and get some groceries for the next week or so.
Oh, goodness.
How sweet of you how sweet. So endearing to see or at least witness you know people taking care of each other even if it is your brother. You don't have to do that and I just think it's really wonderful that you are.
Oh well no worries I just absolutely you know that's that's my brother. I'm gonna definitely take care of him so.
Of course. Well I'd be more than happy to go ahead and and initiate this transfer. And I'll go ahead and do that now and then I'm gonna send you out a confirmation of this transfer in just a few seconds. OK?
OK thank you. So how's the weather there been?
It's been phenomenal and crazy at the same time. doesn't make a lot of sense does it?
Oh.
That's how I feel. It's really beautiful you know. like the heat had gone, the humidity. It was starting to feel like fall. For like two days. Then the heat in the of like the middle of the summer came back and now we're in summer again.
Oh, that's interesting.
So, maybe
Maybe that was the false fall and we're just having summer again and I don't know. Maybe tomorrow will be winter. I'm just not sure.
That's hilarious. Whereabouts are you at? That's what I was gonna say. Where are you located?
I live in Myrtle Beach.
I'm in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and I just don't even know what to say about the weather anymore.
That's interesting I mean I've been there but not not stayed more than like you know a week for vacation or whatever. So I've only experienced very just extreme hot.
When I've been there.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I'm tired of. I mean I love living at the beach, but the humidity here sometimes is excruciating.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know and I'm just over it. This year was really really hot and I just am ready for a nice you know cool fall weather hoodies and leggings you know.
Right right, the comfy stuff.
Yeah.
Well it should be it should be coming. Should be coming soon I think.
I sure hope so. How about where you are?
So.
It's definitely fall where I live. Up here in in Pennsylvania, it's definitely. The leaves have turned have started turning and I have been wearing long sleeves. You know pretty much every evening.
Oh my, you're so lucky I would love to see all those beautiful leaves turning up there. I bet it's it's immaculate. You really don't get that down here. I mean there is some slight turning but it's nothing like it is in the states that actually get all for seasons.
Yeah. Yeah, I love it.
Yeah, that's awesome. I did want to tell you that I did initiate the transfer and it has been completed. I did send you an email confirmation so you have a receipt of that and I don't have your brother's email so I can't send it to him. however, I did want you to check your email for me just to make sure that it come through to you.
yes, I did see it come across the top of my phone. I saw the notification.
OK, fabulous. Awesome was there anything else that I could help you with miss Johns?
nope, that's everything. Thank you so much for your help I appreciate it.
Oh, you're very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day and thank you for calling Intelli Bank.
You too hun bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy, how may I help you?
Hi Kathy, today I have two issues I need to transact with you about I I need to do an internal transfer and then also a wire transfer.
Oh sure I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I get your first and last name and your date of birth please?
My name is Julie Williams.
OK and if I could also get your date of birth.
Seven twenty-five nineteen fifty-seven. Oh I'm sorry I I I said that wrong, it's seven twenty-six nineteen fifty-seven. I don't know why I said that.
OK thank you for that and if I could get the last four of your social security number.
Eight six one six.
And if I could get the a checking account number from you.
OK that number is Let's see. One five zero one zero six eight five and then the other number is zero six three one one four zero zero one.
OK so the account number we're gonna reference today is one five zero one zero six eight five?
No no the other one.
OK the zero six three one one four zero zero one?
Yes.
OK and just for security purposes if I could please get a recent transaction from your account. Something incoming or outgoing.
Sure.
Two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and thirty eight cents.
OK thank you so much for that, I do see this on your account. OK so you wanted to make an internal transfer and also a wire transfer today?
Yes I want to make a deposit from my savings into my checking account.
OK so which savings account are we gonna transfer this from?
Two five six two seven one three seven nine.
OK thank you so much for that. I have pulled that account up and how much did you wanna transfer today?
Two hundred dollars.
OK so we're gonna transfer two hundred dollars from your savings ending in one three seven nine, and are we transferring that into your checking that ends in zero six eight five?
Yes that's correct.
OK great, thank you so much. I have gone ahead and made that transfer for you and now you said you wanted to make a wire transfer as well.
Yeah but before we do that I think what I wanna do is I want to close my other checking account. I just never use it and you know my husband is always bothering me to to why do I have this account so why don't I go ahead and close that account? right now.
OK great so you wanna close the account that ends in four zero zero one?
Correct.
OK. Did you wanna transfer the remaining balance of that account into one of your other accounts and then I can close it after we've made that transfer?
Yes.
OK great well right now I'm showing a balance of one hundred forty-seven dollars and thirty-seven cents.
OK.
I can go ahead and transfer that for you right now.
OK.
OK, that transfer has been made.
Oh cool cool.
And that
Account will be closed out by tomorrow.
Thank you so much. OK and then the other thing like I said is I need to make a wire transfer because I I just bought a used car.
Oh how nice.
Yeah yeah even I've been meaning to get a a new car for a new to me car for a while. My my tires on my old car were were bare and and it was always breaking down and it's such a pain so. Have you ever had anything like that happen to you?
Well it's been a long time but I do remember that happening to me in the past so good for you.
OK.
OK I just wanna let you know that there is a twenty-five dollar outgoing wire fee.
OK. Does that come out of my my account or does that come out of the amount that they that I'm woring?
Well the amount you're wiring would be a separate transaction from the fee. So the you would have the wire amount and then the and then the fee would come out of your account.
OK.
OK so the wire amount I wanna send is five thousand six hundred and twenty.
Five thousand six hundred twenty dollars?
Yes.
OK great. Now in order to send a wire we need the account number the money's going to, the routing number of the bank it's going to the name on the bank account it's going to and the address attached to that account.
So just give me those to me one at a time. What's the first one?
Absolutely, the account number the funds are being wired to.
OK that's seven five nine one five two seven zero.
Seven five nine.
Nine one five.
Nine one five.
Two seven zero.
Two seven zero. OK thank you so much for that. The second part we need is the bank's routing number.
OK the bank's routing number is zero seven four two two six one one two.
OK I've gone ahead and entered that into our system and that looks like it's coming up as County State Bank, is that correct?
Yes. Country State Bank and this is for Jo's Auto.
Jo's Auto, OK great. So the last piece we'd need would be Jo Auto's address attached to that account.
OK that's one eight two Biscayne Way that's B I S C A Y N E Way and that's also in Saint Louis.
Saint Louis Missouri correct?
Correct.
OK great and really quick the ZIP code.
three two one five nine.
OK thank you so much for that. OK I have gone ahead and put all of this information into our system and they should be receiving that wire before the end of the day today.
Oh really?
Absolutely.
Wow
That's fast. Somebody told me it could take up to six weeks.
That's a international wire.
Oh so since it's in the same town it's it's it's just very fast like within twenty-four hours?
Well as long as you get the wire in before three o'clock it goes same day otherwise it would go the next day, so yes as long as it's not an international wire then it would go same day.
Oh cool, all right that's good.
All right great. Well Julie is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's about it.
All right, well you enjoy your new ride.
Oh thank you so much.
All right.
Have a great day.
OK bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. This is Josie with Intellibank. How may I help you?
hi Josie, I'd like to report a a lost or possibly stolen card please.
Yes Sir, I can help you with that. could I get your first and last name?
Yes. My name is Michael Johnson.
Thank you Mr. Johnson. And could I get your date of birth?
Yes. My birthday is March twentieth nineteen ninety-seven.
And could you provide a driver's license number or some other account information so I could look up your account please?
sure, I have a a well I I remember my account is nine zero zero one seven six but if you also want my driver's license number it is two four seven five six nine two seven.
thank you Mr. Johnson. One moment please. Let me pull up your information.
OK Mr. Johnson, I have your account information here. I do need to validate with a security question. Can you tell me the name of your first pet?
that would be Charly.
Thank you Sir. That's what we have on file. When did you notice that your card was lost or stolen?
it was some time yesterday. I'm not a hundred per cent sure if it was stolen but it's definitely lost or misplaced. it's just not in my wallet. I can't find it.
OK, you said yesterday. that would be on October the twelfth. Is that. Does that sound right?
Yes ma'am.
Alright.
Do you remember the name of the last business where you may have used it?
oh, let me let me think. I think I went to a convenience store that day but at the end of the day I went to Home Depot cuz I'm currently working on building shelves for my garage right now. Have you ever built shelves before?
Oh, well, no I haven't. it sounds like a a big chore. How is it going?
Oh, you are correct ma'am. It is a it is a big job. there's so much I don't know. But I went to Home Depot. Anyways, I'm rambling. I went to Home Depot and I purchased a a large amount of lumber and at some point my credit card was gone in that span of time.
OK, and so you went to Home Depot. and you also mentioned a convenience store. Do you remember which one was last?
Oh, I went to Home Depot last. It was a. It was. It was It was about at the the end of the day. It was like the evening. Around seven p.m..
OK.
Oh, good. Thank you. That's helpful. Alright. let me go ahead and first I'm going to be canceling your old credit card. and then what we'll be doing is reissuing you a new one. one moment while I cancel the old credit card number sir.
Thank you.
OK. Alright. I did confirm that your old card is has been canceled. and we will be reissuing you a new credit card. can you please confirm your address so that we can mail you the new credit card.
Yes. My address is two three zero Vassal Street. That's V A S S A L.
And what city and state is that?
That's in Austin, Texas.
And the ZIP Code.
Seven eight seven four eight.
Very good. Thank you.
Alright, Mr. Johnson. we are going to be Fedel expressing the new credit card to your address at two three zero Vassal Street, Austin, Texas, seven eight seven four eight. It should come to you within the next forty-eight hours, so please keep a look out for it. When you receive your credit card there will be a sticker on the front of the card that will have instructions about how to activate it, but basically, there's two ways. You can either call us on the phone number on that sticker and when you call us, we'll be able to help you to activate that. Or you can go online to Intellibank dot com slash activate and following the instructions on the website, you can activate it online if you prefer to do it that way. Is there anything else I could do to help you?
yes, if if you wouldn't mind I'd like to make a wire transfer real quickly.
Absolutely Mr. Johnson. I'll be happy to help you with that. OK. So you gave me your account number nine zero zero one seventy-six. Is that the account that you would like to transfer funds out of?
yes. That should be my checking account.
Thank you, that was my very next question. OK.
One moment.
OK. And let me go ahead and confirm. What is the institution where you would like the wire transfer to go to? The name of the institution.
I would like this transferred to University Credit Union.
OK. And may I have the routing number for that credit union?
Sure. Oh, sorry about that. Here it is. It. The routing number for Federal Credit or. Excuse me. University Credit Union is three one four two two two one zero five two.
Thank you. Three one four two two two one zero five two. Is that correct?
Yes ma'am.
Thank you. And what is the account number where you would like the funds to be deposited into?
The account number, it's a checking account, is five two five four seven zero.
Thank you. Five two five four seven zero. And that is a checking account. OK. And what is the amount that you would like to transfer?
I would like to transfer a thousand dollars.
Can you confirm if the University Credit Union, is that a domestic account or is it an account in a different country?
this is a domestic account.
Very good. Thank you.
One moment please while I enter this information.
All right. Mr. Johnson, thank you for holding. I did want to confirm with you that you would like to transfer funds out of your checking account with Intellibank? out of account number nine zero zero one seventy-six. and that is going to your account at University Credit Union. The routing number is three one four two two two one zero five two. Into checking account five two five four seven zero. The amount is one thousand dollars. this will be effective today. Today is October the thirteenth. And I also wanted to confirm your existing balance before the wire transfer is four thousand seven hundred eighty-eight dollars and two cents.
Let me go ahead and confirm this. One moment please.
Alright. Thank you for holding. Alright, is there anything else I can do to help you Mr. Johnson?
that'll be it Josie. thank you very much for replacing my card.
you're quite welcome. Thank you. Have a good day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Shaun how may I be of service?
Good day sir. My name is Richard Branson. I'm a customer of Intellibank. I will like to do a few transactions and also close my account. Can you help me with that?
OK, Mr. Richard. if I got it correctly, you'll like to do a few transactions. And also close your account.
Yes, please.
OK. before we proceed I will like to ask you a few questions like the normal routine to follow the right procedure. So can I have your full name again, please?
like I said my name is Richard Branson.
OK, sir. can I have your account number, please?
OK. My account number is double. Oh sorry it's yeah, it's double zero seven two four eight nine five four seven.
OK, Mr. Richard. if I got it correctly your account number is zero zero seven two four eight nine five four seven.
Yes, Shaun. That's correct.
OK, so. All right, your date of birth, please?
OK. that is twenty-second of may nineteen eighty-two.
OK, sir, date of birth check, names check, account numbers check. All right, sir. Before I proceed I would have to ask you security questions. Can I go ahead, sir?
Please go ahead.
OK, please can you provide your mother's maiden name? that's one of the security questions I'm supposed to ask you, sir.
OK, my mother's maiden name is Mary Fletcher. Her last name was Fletcher.
OK, sir that is correct. your pet name, please? One of the security questions too.
OK, my pet name is Noodles.
come again, sir?
Noodles Noodles she's a dog.
OK, sir. Correct. All right, what can I help you with today, sir? What transaction would you like to do?
I will like to close my account and transfer the remaining funds to a Wells Fargo account.
OK, sir. You'll like to close your account with our bank?
Yes. I got a message from Intellibank a couple of days ago on some products and services. but nevertheless, I'll select to close my account.
OK, sir. you said you got a message from us? Maybe that's one of our promotion message but I will like to ask you for the reason of closure. Why do you want to close your account? Is there something we can talk about? Is there a way we can keep you and make you remain our customer or it's a personal reason?
Shaun, I said I will like to close my account and move the money. That's all you need to know. So, are you doing it?
OK, sir. OK, you'll like to close your account with Intellibank. OK. All right, sir. I'm gonna send you a form for account closure. I like you to provide your email address, so I can forward the form to your mailbox and you can fill and send it back to us.
No problem Shaun. Should I give you my email address now?
Yes sir.
OK, my email address is Richard dot Branson at Gmail dot com.
OK sir you said your email is Richard dot Branson at Gmail dot com.
That's correct.
OK, sir. I have forwarded the mail to you now. OK, so how would you like to. Where would you like to transfer the funds to?
OK, I'll like to transfer the funds to my wife's account. The the Wells Fargo account.
OK, sir. Sir please can you tell me where you're calling from?
OK, I'm calling from San Jose in California.
OK, San Jose California.
Yes, Shaun.
All right, sir. So, you'll like to move the remaining funds to your wife's Wells Fargo account.
Yes, please.
OK, so what type of account is your wife running? Is it a checking or a savings account?
It's a checking account.
OK, sir. can I have the deposit routing number?
OK. the routing number is eight two five three double three four two seven.
OK sir if I got it correctly you said the routing number is eight two five three double three four two seven.
Yes, please.
OK. which of the account are you transferring from sir? Cuz I can see on my system you have two account with us.
OK, I'm transferring from the one that starts with double zero.
OK, sir. can you give me that account number again?
OK. Double zero seven two four eight nine five four seven.
OK sir I got that. I'm going to need an instruction from you, so I'm going to send you a form to just fill and send back but before then I'll like to ask for your last four digit first six and last four digits of your credit card. That is linked to the account.
OK. OK, Shaun. I have a master card, is that fine?
Yes, the master card is fine sir.
OK. the first four digit of the master card is five two two five two two. you got that?
Yes sir.
And the last four digit, is four eight one eight. You got that?
Yes sir. I got that. OK, can I have your last four digit of your social security number?
OK, the last four digits of my social security number is four eight eight eight.
OK, you said four triple eight?
Yes, Shaun.
OK, sir. so the transfer is going to take twenty-four hours and the account closure is going to take forty-eight hours after you fill the form sir, and send back to us.
OK, Shaun, that's fine. I also want to make an inquiry about your travel card. How does it work?
OK, sir. You mean travelers card?
Yes, Shaun. Your traveler's card. My bad apologies.
OK. sir traveler's card is is a form of credit card. you just load the money. Is like a cash back credit card. You apply for it. We give you up to the amount your credit score can take and then we we issue the card to you.
OK, Shaun, that's fine. I would I'll get that. I'll do that later.
OK, sir. would you like to know about our other products?
No thank you, Shaun. I'm already closing my account with you. I'll do that later.
OK, sir. will that be all I can help you with sir?
Yes please, that'll be all. So I'll be waiting for my account closure form and the other form.
OK, sir. So what is the receiver's name? The deposit account in Wells Fargo?
OK, her name is Ellen Branson. That is her name.
OK, sir. Is there any other thing I can help you with sir?
That'll be all Shaun.
All right sir. Thank you for using Intellibank. Do have a wonderful day.
Thank you, Shaun.
Bye, sir.
Bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Crystal. How may I help you today?
yes I actually need to report my card stolen.
Oh. Yes sir. I can help you out with that. Can I get your name please?
Yes. It's James Frank.
OK. Mr. Frank let me get your account pulled up here. do you happen to know your card number or can I get the last four of your social security number?
yes. I have the last four of my social security number. It is six six six six.
OK. Six six six six OK, and which card is it that you are reporting stolen?
it is my credit card.
All right. OK. Sir can let me place you on a brief hold while I get this set up for you OK?
Sure no problem.
OK. Hang on one second.
Thank you for holding Mr. Frank I was putting in your information, your social security number, and that did not come up.
Oh. I'm sorry I gave you the last four of the card number. My social is five two one two.
OK. That came up.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing OK. How are you?
well I was better when I didn't have my credit card stolen.
Yes sir. I am sure that is absolutely terrible but we will get you taken care of here today. OK?
Yes. Thank you.
OK sir. So I have turned your credit card off ending in six six six six. would you like me to have another card sent out to you?
yes please.
OK. Give me one second and I will get that set up for you.
while I have you on the phone, if I wanted to set up another account how would I go about doing that?
Yes sir. What kind of account were you thinking of setting up?
I was thinking of setting up a savings account.
OK. Yeah so I can actually set that up for you today, if you have the time.
I actually don't have the time today, but I just kind of wanted to know what it was I needed to do.
Yes sir. so you can do it a couple of different ways. You can call back when you are available and we can set it up over the phone you can also set up a savings account online by going to our website. you would just once you log in you will go to the top where it says open new account, and then it would take you through the process of getting that set up. And then from there once it's open you could transfer money from your checking account into that account or you can set up for a direct deposit to go into the account, but once it's set up online it's ready to go and then the third option is, you could go into one of our physical locations and set up your account that way.
OK. I would actually like to go to one of the physical locations, can you tell me what location is closest to my residence?
yes I can. I will get that address for you here in one second.
OK. So I have set up for your card to be mailed out to five five five Linden Avenue Philadelphia Pennsylvania zero zero zero zero zero. Is that the correct address sir?
yes sir it is. I mean yes ma'am it is sorry.
No problem sir. OK so we have that set up now. I will look up the address that is closest to where you live.
OK. Mr. Frank it looks like the closest location for you is going to be on Sixth Street the address is, one zero zero seven, Sixth Street, Philadelphia Pennsylvania zero zero zero zero zero. and that is showing to be about three point two miles from where you live.
OK. Thank you great. I will go there to set up my savings account.
Perfect. well Mr. Frank is there anything else that I can do for you today?
no. That would be it.
All right. Well thank you so much for calling Intellibank. You have a great rest of your day. OK?
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How can I help you today?
yes. I need to change my old email address to my new address. Can you help me with that please.
Yes, sir. I certainly can help you with that, but before I complete your request I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your current account information.
Alright, go ahead. Shoot.
Alright, sir. Can I have your full name and date of birth please.
yes. My name is Dale. Dale Walker. my date of birth is ten of the first one nine seven four.
OK, sir. To verify, you said your name is Dale. Is that D A L E?
yes.
Alright, that's Del Walker. Your date of birth was ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes, that would be correct.
OK, thank you so much, sir, for verifying that information. And for authentication purposes, could you give me your driver's license number, please.
My driver license number.
Yes, sir.
Alright. It is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK, sir. To verify, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes, correct.
OK, thank you so much. And for account security purposes, could you give me your childhood street address.
yes. I live at two different ones, I don't really know which one I would count. On foul. but the first one is twenty-three forty-seven Petown Avenue. And the second one is thirty-nine thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane.
OK, Mr. Walker, we actually have the thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane on file. Would you like to change that or is that OK to keep on file?
I can keep that on file right there if you don't mind.
OK.
Thank you so much, sir. I have an additional question.
Alright. Shoot.
OK, sir. Which account was that that you needed access information changed to? Was that your checking account or your savings?
Well, this would be my savings account, ma'am.
OK.
Sir, so you have a savings account with us. Could you go ahead and give me that account number please.
Yes, I can. That account number is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
OK, sir. To verify, that number was five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero?
That would be correct.
OK, Mr. Walker. And you wanted to update your email address. Right now we have Dale C W at Dayrep dot com. Were you wanting to remove that one and replace it with your new address?
yes. Yes.
OK.
Sir. Could you give me that new email please.
yes. Dale with a capital C Walker. The C is cap letter Walker. Is capital. at dayrep dot com.
OK, sir. To verify, that is Dale, capital D, C. Capital C I mean. Capital W Walker at dayrep dot com.
Yes, that would be correct.
OK, sir. Just give me one moment while I update that account information on file.
All right. Take your time there, ma'am.
Alright Mr. Walker, looks like I've updated that information for you. It is now Dale C Walker at dayrep dot com. And in order for us to update that we're going to go ahead and send you out some information to make sure that that is a notif~. That notification information or security information is accurate, all right?
OK.
OK, if you can, could you verify your home address for me, please.
Yes. Yes.
I have it on file as thirty-three forty Pinewood Drive in North Chicago, Illinois at six zero zero six four.
Yes, that would be it.
OK Mr. Walker, thank you so much. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I can also go online for or if I have any more problems, right?
Yes, sir. If you have online banking with our bank. If you don't you can always go to our home page at Intellibank dot com . Go to the top right tab, access online banking and they'll walk you through the steps of setting up an online banking account. You'll just need a email address in order to start setting that up.
OK and we just use the email address that I have now on file.
Yes, sir.
Absolutely, you can even set that up as a security as well.
All right.
OK, I sure think I just want to make sure I get that right there.
OK, sir. Thank you Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name was Lesley. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you.
Thank you sir. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. This is Cindy at Intellibank. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Yes. my name is John Meadows.
Hello Mr. Meadows. What could I do for you today? OK. Just one moment here. before we get started let me ask you some basic questions. Do you have the the routing number and the bank account number of. OK. And there's a twenty five dollar fee to make a wire transfer. Do you wish to proceed?
I'd like to I've never done this before but I'd like to do a wire transfer.
Yes.
Wow.
yes please.
OK. One moment. Let's see here. Let's get into your account first. I'll ask you some questions. Can you spell your last name please?
Meadows is M E A D O W S. My email is J D Meadows at Gmail dot com. My phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two.
OK Mr. Meadows. Thank you for that. What's the last four of your social?
is six three five five.
OK and can you please tell me the answer to one of your security questions? What is your pet's name?
Cleo. C L E O.
OK. All right. Here we are in your account. So which bank account number would you like to withdraw the money from?
from my checking account please.
Do you have that number handy?
Yes. It's three seven two eight two nine.
OK hold on one moment. OK and what's the amount of the wire transfer? OK and what type of transfer is this? Domestic or international? OK. And I'll need the nine digit routing number for the other bank.
one thousand dollars.
It'll be domestic.
Yes. this is actually going to my son's account in Wells Fargo here in Phoenix. it's his routing number of his bank is seven three seven two two five eight nine two. just one second eight nine three.
OK.
OK how you wanna repeat that please?
Yeah. Seven three seven two two five eight nine three.
Got it. OK yes Wells Fargo. And what is the bank account number that you'd like to transfer the money to?
Yeah Let me just give you his name David Meadows and his account number is five three one this is his checking account. five three one two two two three nine. Five three one two three nine.
OK. One moment. OK.
And this is Wells Fargo.
Could you tell me what is I'm transferring I want to transfer a thousand dollars. Could you tell me what the balance of my checking account is before the transfer?
Yes, absolutely. OK. It looks like the balance in your checking account is five thousand two hundred sixty-two dollars and twenty-one cents.
That's great. All right thank you.
OK. So are you ready to wire the thousand dollars?
Yeah. And then.
and you could confirm me the information.
Yes.
It's gonna cost twenty did you say twenty-five dollars?
Yes, that will come out of you account immediately as well. The wire transfer should take one hour to arrive at the other account. Maybe even less.
OK.
And could you confirm the the what do they call that. the number of the bank where it's going. I just want to double check that.
The routing number?
Yeah please.
Let's see well it was Wells Fargo. Which you gave me was seven three seven two two five five nine three.
Right.
Perfect. Yeah. All right. No, that all sound and that's for a thousand dollars? Go ahead and and it's gonna cost me twenty five bucks.
Yeah.
OK hold on one moment while I process the transaction. OK it looks like your wire transfer has gone through. It's on its way. to David Meadows in at Wells Fargo and is there anything else that I could help you with today? OK great so we do appreciate your business Mr. Meadows and don't hesitate to call us back the next time you need any help.
Nope, that's you've done an excellent job. That was really quick.
Well thank you very much for your service. I appreciate it.
Have a great day. Bye.
Bye bye.
Good evening, thank you for calling Intellibanking Helpline. How may I help you?
Hi, yes, I'm calling because I'm interested in doing an internal transfer.
Oh sure, no problem. May I have your first and last name, please?
Of course, first name's Celine, last name's Dion.
OK, good evening Mrs. Dion.
Hello.
OK, may I please have your date of birth, please?
Of course, eleven eleven nineteen fifty-four.
OK. may I also have either your last four digits of your social or your account number?
May I give you the last four of my social?
That'd be perfect.
Three one six four.
Thank you so much, Mrs. Dion. All right, you said you wanted to do an internal transfer, is that correct?
That's right.
OK, perfect. OK, so Are you looking to move either money from your checking or from your savings account?
From my savings to my checking.
OK, perfect. I know you're unable to verify your account number, so I'm going to have some security questions, so if you can answer those for me, please.
Of course.
Can you please maybe state your mother's maiden name?
Yes, her maiden name is Larry.
OK, perfect. And I also need to need for you to verify the last transaction that took place with your checking account, please.
Of course, with my checking account, so that would be for yesterday. I made a purchase at Carrabas. It was for the amount of forty dollars and forty-five cents.
Perfect. OK, that's great. Can you also verify the last or recent transaction that took place with your savings account, please?
Yes, that was on actually today. I made a deposit in the amount of five hundred dollars.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much, Mrs. Dion. I was able to verify that information.
Your welcome.
And I believe you said that you wanted to do a transfer from your checkings to your savings or savings to checking? I apologize.
Yes, savings to checking.
Perfect. OK. and how much money are you looking to transfer over?
Three thousand dollars.
OK, that's great. So, I'll take three thousand dollars from your savings account and put that into your checking account, is that correct?
Perfect.
OK, Mrs. Dion just give me one brief moment while I do that.
OK.
OK, Mrs. Dion, I was able to do that internal transfer for you, so that'll be three thousand dollars in your checking account that was from withdrawn from your savings account. Please allow twenty-four to forty-eight hours for that to be posted on your account.
Perfect.
do you have any other questions?
Yes, I like to stop in just to use your ATM walk-in services I but I can't find the nearest location that's near my house. Can you help me with that, please?
Oh, sure not a problem Mrs. Dion. May I please have your street address, please?
Of course, it's forty-seven sixty Bell Port.
OK, perfect. May I have the city and state that you live in?
West Palm Beach, Florida three three four oh nine.
Ew, I love Florida. I love their sunny weather. How are you enjoying Florida so far?
So far it's great.
That's so nice to hear Mrs. Dion, I'm glad you're enjoying the sunny side state.
Thank you for asking.
Sunshine state, sorry.
It's OK.
OK, so based off the information you gave me I see that there are two locations that's closest to your home. So, I'll go ahead and give you the address to the closest one to your home.
OK, can you just give me a moment while I grab a pen and paper, please?
Not a problem Mrs. Dion let me know when you are ready.
OK.
I'm ready.
Perfect Mrs. Dion, so I'm going to go ahead and give you the street address and so you'll be able to find everything.
OK.
OK, the address is forty-nine ninety.
Yes.
Avenue Lane.
OK, and that's in Florida?
In West Palm Beach. Florida.
Yes, perfect.
Correct?
OK, great and that's four miles away from your home. So, that's the closest one.
Oh, my God
That's perfect.
OK, great I was glad I was able to assist you with that, and their hours at that local branch I just gave you is Monday through Friday from eight a.m. to five p.m. Saturday and Sunday they have limited hours and they're open from twelve p.m. to five p.m..
OK. OK, now let's just say that I was going to visit your branch after hours. Is there a way I can access your ATM machine on the is your ATM machine going to be accessible?
Yes, there is. For security purposes, we have an ATM that's inside our building. We also have a drive-thru ATM, so whatever is convenient for you. You can either drive up to our window and access the ATM or if you like to come in person or do it out of your vehicle, you can park your car and it's a lit drive parking lot stay in your vehicle and just have your debit card available or ATM card available whatever you have with us and it should be able a allow you to inside our building swipe in your card and then you'll be able to use our ATM inside our building. And they're twenty-four hours. The one the drive-thru is twenty-four hours and the standalone inside the building is as well as twenty-four hours.
Perfect that's music to my ears.
I'm glad I was able to help you with that Mrs. Dion. Do you need help with anything else?
No, thank you.
OK, perfect. You have yourself a great evening.
Thank you so much for your time and help. You have a great day yourself.
You do too. Thank you so much.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How may I help you?
Hi, Kathy. How are you today?
I'm good, thank you for asking. How are you?
I'm great, I just bought a new car.
Oh how exciting for you. What kind of car?
it's a two thousand and twenty-one Civic Starstrike.
Wow, that's a really nice car. Good for you.
Thank you, thank you. I need to make a wire transfer.
OK. I'd be happy to help you with that. Is that gonna be an international wire or domestic wire?
No, it's just a domestic wire for the the place that I bought the car from.
OK, great. If I could get your first and last name and your date of birth please?
My name is Julie Williams. My date of birth is July twenty-fifth nineteen fifty-seven. I'm sixty-four years old.
OK. Thank you so much, Julie. If I could get the.
Oh wait wait wait. I I told you. I'm not sixty-four, I'm sixty-three. Wait. No, sixty-four is is up I just I'm just so scattered sometimes I just give out, you know make myself younger than I really am.
Well, that's OK. Maybe it's just the excitement of buying a new car.
Oh that must be it.
OK, well great. If I could get your account number that we wanna transfer this money from.
OK. My account number is going to be one five zero one zero six eight five.
That's one five zero one zero six eight five?
Yes that's right.
OK. Thank you, Julie. And one more question. If I could get your mother's maiden name please?
Smith.
OK great. So we're going to wire this money who are we wiring these funds to today?
Joe's Auto.
Joe's Auto. OK great. So we'll need the routing number and the account number for the account for Joe's Auto.
OK. Are there any fees associated with this transfer?
Yes. It's a twenty-five dollar outgoing wire fee.
Oh man. I don't know why places make you use wire transfers when you could just get a cashier's check.
Yeah. I don't know why they would do that either. That's very interesting.
But it is what it is. So OK, I'll go ahead and and pay that fee so that I can do this. Now what were the things that you said you needed from me?
OK. We need the bank's routing number.
OK. That is zero six three one one four zero zero one.
OK. You said zero six three one one four zero zero one?
Yes, correct.
OK. So that looks like it's County State Bank?
Correct.
OK great. And if I could get the account number we're wiring this to.
OK. It's. Hang on I I need to look this up.
OK. Are you ready?
Absolutely.
OK. It's two five six four. Oh wait no. Two five six two seven one three seven nine.
OK thank you. And let me just confirm that with you. You said two five six two seven one three seven nine?
Yes that's correct.
OK excellent. So one more piece of information I would need is the address of the. Basically whatever address they have on file with that bank as their physical address. So in other words Joe's Auto's address.
Oh OK. That's I I had that written down here. it's one eight two Biscayne B I S C A Y N E Way. And that's St. Louis, Missouri.
OK thank you so much for that. You said one eight two Biscayne Way, St Louis, Missouri?
Yes that's right.
And that ZIP code is three two one five nine?
Yes that's correct.
OK great. Thank you so much for that. So how much are we wiring to them today?
five thousand two hundred and eighty.
Five thousand two hundred eighty dollars. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct.
OK. So we can go ahead and make this wire for you today, and you will see that fee come out of your account. So you'll see the amount you've asked to wire as one transaction, and you'll see the twenty-five dollar fee as a separate transaction.
OK.
And just so you know, you can view those transactions online if you'd like.
Oh really?
Yes. We have an online service that allows you to view your transactions, to make transfers between accounts, to pay bills, to look at your daily you know keep a running track of all of your transactions. if you're interested in that I can explain to you how to get started.
OK.
OK. So you would get started at Intellibank dot com, and once you get to our website you wanna click where it says get started. So you click get started. There'll be a couple questions you have to answer, and as long as that information matches what we have on file here you should get approved the same day, and then you can start viewing your transactions online.
OK. That sounds good. One last thing I need to do before I get off the phone with you is I need to change my my street address.
Oh absolutely. I'd be happy to help you with that.
OK. My my new address is two five one Amarillo Place. That's A M A R I L L O Place.
OK. Two five one Amarillo Place.
Yes. That's my new address. Same same city and ZIP code. Just the address.
OK great.
So St. Louis, Missouri three two one five nine.
Correct.
OK excellent. Well while we've been talking I've gone ahead and made that wire transfer. They should have that by the end of the day today. Was there anything else I could help you with today, Julie?
No. oh one more thing. What happens if they don't accept the funds?
If they don't accept the funds, if there's a an issue on either end, those funds would come back to the bank and we would notify you that the funds were not accepted and the wire did not go through.
Oh and is that just do you usually when something like that happens just do it again?
Typically there's usually something that may have been wrong. Maybe some information that wasn't correct. That's typically the reason they get refused. But anytime a wire gets refused we immediately contact the customer to let them know.
OK. Well thanks. You've been really helpful for me today.
OK great. Well I hope you enjoy your new ride, and I hope you have a great day.
Thank you so much. Bye.
You're very welcome. Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
hi Rose. My name is Kim how's your day going?
Pretty good. How is yours going?
It's going pretty well.
I am calling cuz I need some help, please. I am trying to open up a new account .
and I tried to do do it online. I was having some issues, so I was hoping that you could help me with that.
OK. Let's see here.
Can definitely help you open your account. And I just have to get some information from you, so we can get that started.
I heard you say your first name is Kim. Is that Kim and not Kimberly?
yeah. It's just Kim.
And my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
All right. And what is your date of birth?
sure, my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy seven.
OK. And I will need your social security number.
my social security number is one seven three, seven three, nine five zero three.
And we have some security question options. you can choose which one you think you'll be able to remember the answer to.
The first one is what's the name of your first pet ?
what street did you grow up on?
that one works. I'll do what street I grew up on.
OK.
And the street name was Broadway.
All right.
and I also my email address imagine that you need that, is my first initial and last name. It's K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
All right. Thank you very much. And what about your phone number?
my phone number is seven one seven, nine nine three, zero seven eight five.
and my address is forty-nine Holland Drive.
That's Philadelphia P A.
And the ZIP is one nine one zero one.
OK. Thank you very much.
And let's see here. Let me make sure I have everything that I need.
Sure.
OK. I've got all the information that I need. I just need to know what type of account you would like to open?
I wanna open a checking account with you today. And then I'll probably end up coming into a branch at some point to open up a savings account.
All right. So bear with me just a moment while I get this information put into the checking account side. And I may have to ask you a few more questions.
Sure. No problem.
OK. I would like to offer you the checking account that's free, if you would like.
you won't incur any interest rates, and like I said, it's free. So there's no monthly charge.
and that's just as a courtesy, to offer this type of account, since you are new to our banking family.
Oh yes. That sounds great.
OK.
I'll go ahead and put your information in there.
OK. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. And I, I do need to ask you, would you like any further information about setting up online banking, in order to be able to access this account with ease in the future?
yes. Actually, I would. like I said, I was having some problems but I don't know if that would, it could of been my my internet connection. Sometimes it's, it's weak in here.
Well, we definitely have some issues going on right now with the the online portal that's currently being worked on. And I just recently saw a ticket stating that it would be completed this afternoon. So we'll be able to I can give you information on it at least .
And then you can go back and check to see if it's working later on, if you would like.
Oh yeah. That would be great.
So on our online banking, in order to check this account that we're setting up for you today, you'll just go to our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And you'll go over to the left hand side of your screen, scroll up to the top, there's a small hamburger menu, you'll click on that and then click on profile. And it's pretty easy. It, it, the video will start playing. It will show you how to set up your profile online.
Oh great. OK.
That's perfect.
All right. So I have completed this. I am now going to send out an email to the email you just provided me.
as a confirmation of this account opening. And would you like your checks to be sent to the address that you gave me as well?
Yes please.
OK.
OK. And I just pulled up my emails. I did receive that confirmation.
OK. Awesome.
So I just ordered checks for you. They should be to you between two to three weeks from now.
I'm sorry it takes so long.
That's just the system.
OK. That's no worries.
OK, Ms. Johns, was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no, that's everything. Thanks again. I appreciate your help.
You are very welcome. And thank you for calling Intellibank. And have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too.
Hello. Welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael how may I help you?
yes hi my name is Jim. is when I call in do are your hours on the call-in is that like seven to seven or what are your call-in hours?
Yes sir. The hours for Intellibank are from nine to nine a.m. to five p.m. on the weekdays for most locations and from nine a.m. to two p.m. on the weekends for most locations.
OK. All right. Yeah. I I was just kinda curious. I'm really looking to find a branch near my home.
I can help you with that sir. what is your current address?
I'm at forty-seven Camberg Avenue. In Austin Texas.
Yes sir. One moment please. OK. So there're a couple Intellibank ATM locations nearby. there is one on seven Congress Avenue which is about two and a half miles north of Camberg Avenue and there's also another Intellibank ATM about four miles of east of Camberg Avenue on one two zero Vasle Street. and this is also an an Intellibank ATM. for the first location sir I forgot to mention sir. For on Congress there is not a branch on location. It's just an ATM but the one on one two zero Vasle Street does have a branch location. And the and the hours for this branch location are as I had said previously nine a.m. to five p.m. and on weekdays and nine a.m. to two p.m. on weekends.
OK. So that's. I need a yeah I was looking for the branch. So thank you. I got that as location. I'll check that out tomorrow. I also have I have I think my card my credit card was stolen. that I hold with your bank. Anyway I can't find it.
That's not good sir. I can help you with that immediately. can I have your first and last name as well as your date of birth?
yes. I'm James Walker. Date of birth is November thirtieth nineteen sixty.
Thank you sir. And can I have an authenticating ID number that's associated with with this account. This could be the account number or a driver's license number.
Oh OK. Oh yes. I do have the number for my driver's license. It's two four seven five six nine two one.
Thank you sir. And for the and to verify your information further for the security of your account I would like to ask the security question which is paired with this account. what is your mother's maiden name?
Taylor.
That is correct, sir.
And do you remember the credit card number the credit card that you are reporting to have been stolen?
oh I I got a past receipt. Oh wait here OK here it is. It's three zero three seven four eight zero zero five three zero five seven eight zero zero.
And what was the date that you remember losing or having this card being stolen?
I did I had it yesterday. So it could have been either yesterday or today.
Sir thank you and do you remember the most recent transaction that you made on this card?
Oh yes. I do. it was at a place called Friday's Hotdogs.
Thank you sir. One moment please while I pull up your account.
OK, sir. So I'm looking at your account so it said with this credit card and I noticed that the last purchase that was made on this card was Friday's Hotdog Palace. for thirteen dollars and fifty-seven cents. A purchase of thirteen dollars and fifty-seven cents. this is you correct?
yes that that sound like the amount after I added the tip.
And the most recent purchase before Friday's Hotdog was at Home Depot looks like for about fifty-two dollars and nine cents. just to make sure that this wasn't a fraudulent purchase. was this you as well?
yes. I was there. So that makes sense.
OK sir. it appears that no one has misused and fraudulently purchased something with your card. but I will immediately cancel this credit card and re-issue a new one. The address that we have on file for your home address is four six one Collingwood Street. is this your current home address sir? Oh excuse me I misread. I see that your home address is forty-seven Camberg Avenue in Austin Texas. my apology is this your current home address?
yes. I guess that yeah what you gave me for the first time was my prior address but now forty-seven Camberg is my home address.
My apologies sir. we will be sending you your new card to forty-seven Camberg Avenue Austin Texas. You should receive your card in the mail within the next within the next two to three business days . but this but the previous credit card will be immediately canceled and will not no one will be able to make any purchases on it. for activating your new card there will be instructions in the letter in which your new card is being sent. It's a one eight hundred phone number which you call and it gives you instructions of how to activate it or you can activate your new card online. is there anything else I can do for you sir?
No. That's all. pretty good. Two to three business days.
Yes yes sir it should arrive by then.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you sir. I'm sorry about your lost or stolen card. have a nice day.
All right. You too.
Good morning Intel Bank, Laura Green speaking. How may I help you?
yes ma'am. I have an account with you guys and I just received notice from my brother-in-law that he needs some help financially and he needs some money deposited in his into his account within two business days. What's the best way to go about this?
Is he near by or?
He's in he's Jersey.
He's in Jersey? How about we do a wire transfer?
As long as it arrives, in the time allotted.
Well if we do it today, it should and we have all the information, it would go out by four o'clock and it would be in his account by tomorrow morning.
That would be super.
That would work?
That would work.
OK, well first we gotta get some information, OK?
Sure.
All right. What is your first and last name, sir?
Richard Vincent.
OK, and I need your date of birth.
One twenty three fifty.
OK and I need to make sure that you are who you say you are. Do you have a authenticating ID number, such as a credit card or a driver's license or state issued ID?
I have my driver's license in front of me.
What state is it sir?
It is Maryland.
OK, could you give me that number?
Sure. It is V as in Victor, two eight one three seven eight one eight two one five four.
OK. That's what I have.
And your security question. When you set up your account you did a security question. Actually, you have three of them. the first one you put down was your mother's maiden name.
That would be Chalk C H A L K.
OK and you put your first pet's name. Do you remember? Waldo? That's what I have, OK. All right, to do this we're gonna have to withdraw this from your bank account. So, I need your account number.
That would be Waldo.
OK, my account number is eight seven four three two seven five one zero.
OK, you said eight seven four three two seven five one zero.
That is correct.
OK, I see that you have both checking and savings account and this is a joint account, is that correct?
That is correct.
OK, and your wife's name?
Diane.
OK and how much did you want to send?
fifteen hundred.
Fifteen hundred, OK. Your balance, your current balance right now is three thousand seven hundred and seventy-six dollars and twenty-four cents.
Yes.
OK. So, we're good there. Now to do this, we're going to need your brother, was it brother or brother-in-law, sir?
Brother-in-law.
Brother-in-law his his routing number for the account that we're sending this to. Do you have that?
I do, indeed.
And do you also have the account number?
I do.
OK, now this wire that we're sending, is it domestic or is it international?
It's domestic.
OK, what where's it going?
Jersey.
Jersey. OK, that should work. All right, I need the routing number, please.
OK, the routing number is two five five zero six eight seven four one.
OK, you gave me two five five zero six eight seven four one.
That is correct.
OK, now I need the deposit, the account that it's going to.
OK, the account number it's going to is nine seven six three four eight eight nine one.
You gave me nine seven six three four eight eight nine one.
That is correct.
Do you know if that's going into a checking or savings account?
A checking account.
Checking account. OK, thank you sir. All right now Can I put you on hold for a moment while I actually do this transfer? Thank you. OK, Mr. Vincent, it's completed after withdrawing the fifteen hundred from your bank account that leaves you with a balance of two thousand two hundred and seventy-six dollars and twenty-four cents.
Sure.
Yes.
OK, now there is no fee for this. Because you're a valued customer, we allow you to make up to three wired transfers per year with no fee.
OK.
Now, this should OK, I've inputted It's going to go through by four o'clock and should show up in his account tomorrow by nine a.m..
That would be great.
OK, now I want you to check in the morning with your brother or brother-in-law, I forget what you said. law, wasn't he? and I will I want you to check with your brother-in-law and then what I need you to do, if everything's OK, just go on your way, but if there's any problems I want you to call me back.
Brother-in-law.
OK.
OK and you can call at my extension. It's four seven two.
Four seven two.
OK and also I wanted to know, would you like some information about online banking, that you could do from your home computer, to make this more convenient in future?
no, I don't think that'll be necessary. This was a rarity when something like that happens and I appreciate your time and trouble to help me out here.
OK, thank you. OK if we're done, thanks.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you today, this is Alexis speaking.
Hi Alexis, this is Katrina and I need help with changing my address girl.
So you need help with changing your address today?
Yes I sure do.
Well before we take those next steps may I have some information from you?
Sure.
What is your account number?
hold on. My account number is one nine two six one. I'm sorry ma'am. My account number is three six eight, one eight nine, four four, five six. Eight one, two one six, eight three two.
OK that's OK. So may I go over your account number one more time?
Yes.
It's three six eight, one eight nine, four four five six. Eight one, two one six, eight three two?
That is correct. I got a little confused back there.
Oh that's all right ma'am. May I ask what your date of birth is?
Sure, it's one eighteen eighty-eight.
Oh.
And what is the answer to your security question?
Chinese food.
Oh thank you for verifying your information. So today you came to change your address today?
That's right.
May I ask what the new address is?
it's going to be six two zero one Baker Circle, Charlotte, North Carolina eleven two five eight.
So the address is six two zero one Baker Circle, Charlotte, North Carolina, one one two five eight?
Yeah that's correct Alexis.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing fine how about you?
I am doing very well.
And how's the weather?
the weather is kind of rainy outside but all is well.
Yeah it's getting kind of cooler here. So do you like being at. working at the bank?
I do love working at the bank. It's a very interesting job.
That's great.
Oh thank you for verifying all your information and I have proceeded to put in your new address. Is there anything else that you would like for me to help you today?
No. Oh did I And another place that I can go to put in my address? Instead of calling here?
Of course. You could go to the website and have an account. A online account. By going to WWW Intellibank Clicking up to the right side and clicking on making a new account. You can also download the app from either Google Play or Apple.
Oh. Well good I can do it on my phone. That'll be so much easier.
OK. Is there anything else that you need?
No, I'm good Alexis. Thank you.
Well thank you for calling today. If you have any more problems, any more issues or questions please c~. Don't hesitate to call us at any time.
Thank you so much Alexis.
You have a good day.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary, how can I help you?
Hi this is Peter Davis speaking. I want to make a transfer from my savings account to my checking account please.
OK I'll be happy to help you with that sir. I'll need some information from you. Can you please let's see your name is Peter Davis?
Yes.
OK let me type that in. your date of birth?
November four nineteen sixty-eight.
November fourth nineteen sixty-eight? can I please get some ID from you? Do you have your drivers license number or the last four numbers of your social.
Yes.
I have a drivers license. That's five zero zero one no no no. Five zero zero two one four eight one.
OK.
OK let me repeat that back. Five zero zero two one four eight one?
Yes.
OK and the last bit of information I'll need is your account number. Do you have that with you?
I have it not at hand.
OK sir I'm really sorry but without that account number I'm not able to pull up any information to further assist you. is.
How can I solve this then?
do you have a bank statement handy or your checkbook?
No at home. I don't have that with me.
OK so the best thing to do is once you get home open your bank statement and it will be located on the top right-hand corner. if you can't find your bank statement you can open your checkbook and it's the last digits underneath the bottom of your checkbook by your signature.
OK and I have another question. can you see where the nearest ATM machine is for me?
Sure let me go to another screen. Let me close this out. Just a moment please. OK so, let me go into the screen here. And so what street address are you at?
I am at Mary Lynn Street in Austin, Texas.
OK do you know a cross street? Is there another street nearby you see?
no.
OK lemme let me pull up Mary Lynn and see what I can come up with. OK it looks like there is we do have a ATM probably about a ten minute walk from you.
That's OK.
OK so, what I can do is I'll tell you the the directions. So you're gonna go about two to three blocks south. Take a right and then you're gonna go up that street for about a five minute walk.
OK.
but because that's probably a little confusing to you what I can do is send you a text message of the map and it will help get you there much more easily.
Oh that will be great.
OK. Do you have your phone number and I'll send a text to you?
Yes that's five one two four eight seven zero one four three.
So I'll repeat that back to you it's five one two four eight seven zero one four three?
Yes.
OK let me prepare that. It's just gonna be a screenshot of the ATM and some basic directions to get you there . would you be interested in any other information, like an ATM from another bank that is near you cuz there are several.
No, no.
No no but that ATM does it do cash deposit because I need to do a deposit there.
Yes sir it does. Actually it does.
Oh that's great.
Yes it you can deposit up to five hundred to a thousand dollars daily there.
Oh, but it that ATM that will show me my bank account number right?
Actually sir it doesn't. It only shows the last four digits of your bank account so we won't be able to do anything with that. it it does something does print out on the receipt but that's not really helpful to us. We are not able to pull up that information without the entire account number.
Mm.
OK I understand. And then I have an interest about a loan. Which loan I can get. Do you can you send me some information about that?
Sure we have several loan options. Is this for a car, a home or a personal loan?
A personal loan.
Personal loan. OK sir. what I can do with that is send you some information. would you like that in the mail or would you like that emailed to you?
Email
Please.
OK. So what I'll do is I'll email you information on how to get a personal loan with the bank. it looks like you've been a customer for at least ten years probably?
Yes.
OK so, fairly easy as long as you have decent credit. Just fill out the application and send it back to us. You can either email us, fax it or drop it by the office. And we'll process your application and it will be done probably within forty-eight hours of the time you submit it to us.
Oh that's great.
is there anything else you need help with?
No.
Oh and by the way, did you get that text I sent you?
Yes I have it.
OK so if you have any problems getting to that ATM just give us a call and we'll help walk you through it. we can help as much as we can get you to that ATM so you can make cash deposit.
I will be fine with it I think. But thanks anyway.
Well you're welcome Mr. Davis. Is there anything else?
No.
All right Mr. Davis thank you for being a great customer and like I said if you have any more questions give us a call back. My name is Mary Lynn and thank you for banking with Intellibank.
OK thank you very much bye bye.
Goodbye.
It's a great day at Intellibank. How may I help you?
Yes I need to figure out how to open a new account.
Oh, I can help you with that. Do you have any other account with us currently?
Yes I have a savings.
Alright well let me pull your information up here. Could you provide your first and last name?
Sure, it's Sunni S U N N I Bean B E A N.
And Sunni is your legal name?
Yes. Actually, my legal name is Sunshine, S U N S H I N E.
Thank you for that. And could you go ahead and give me your address?
It's eighteen thirty-five Rice Boulevard in Fairborn, Ohio. Four five three two four.
Great, and your phone number?
Nine three seven four six three three three eight zero.
Alright, and I'm going to need your social security number please.
My social security number?
Yes, to verify your identity.
I don't know if that's on there or if my license number is on there.
we should have both so if you give me your social first we can move on to the second one.
OK, it's five two two six five eight seven nine eight.
Great, and then I need your authenticating ID which is different than your social.
OK I think it's R R five nine four one one zero. Or it might be five two two six star eight seven nine eight.
OK it looks like that your driver's license number is the one that we have so that's correct. And then I also need your security question answer. Which could be a pet's name, a mother's maiden name.
All right.
It's my mother's maiden name which is Johnson. J O H N S O N.
Great, thank you. Alright, I need to have your birthday as the last thing to verify.
It's six thirty eighty-one.
Great, thank you for your patience. Could you give me your savings account number?
Sure, it's give me one second to look that up.
Oh, OK.
OK, are you still there?
Oh, I'm here.
Eight five two zero zero one eight.
Great, just a moment while I pull that up here.
Thank you.
OK, so I've got your savings account pulled up and you just said you want to open a new account?
Yes.
Would that be a checking or a savings account today?
A checking account.
OK and I will go over the different types of checking accounts that we offer and you can tell me what works best for you.
Alright, thank you.
So there's three different types. The top one is platinum account which has more benefits. The most benefits I guess out of all the three. And there is a gold account. And a classic account. The classic account has a three dollar a month service charge if you have no balance in the account. So as long as you keep a balance, there's no charge. The gold account has a five dollar fee regardless of the account balance.
OK.
OK.
OK.
Because you get other benefits, such as free checks and free wire transfers. The platinum account has a ten dollar a month fee to service that account, because there's extra benefits with that account too.
OK.
What which account sounds OK to you or do you have any questions?
Well I also have a problem with my savings account. There's a charge on it that I don't recognize and I need to figure out what it was.
Oh, OK. Well, would you like to work on that first or do you want to open your account first?
Let's work on the savings account because I did not authorize this charge and I want to see what happened.
OK. So go ahead and tell me what charge it is on the date. Do you have the date the charge?
The charge was on November seventh twenty twenty-one.
OK. And the amount of the charge?
It was a hundred and eighty dollars and ninety-five cents.
OK, looks like that charge was made on or through Amazon either on their website or over the phone. Did you know that?
No I did not.
OK. So the first step before disputing a transaction is to call the actual merchant itself so you would need to call Amazon and give them this information and ask them to give you details on that account transaction and how it was made and what was purchased and let them know that you did not make this account. Sometimes the merchant will refund the money back before the bank can. So we ask you to do that first.
Well, I'm going to talk to my partner and see if they happened to do it, because it's so close to Christmas.
OK. OK. And if you need to dispute it in the end feel free to call us back or you can do that via online banking.
OK.
OK. Did you want to open an account today still?
Yes. Can we open a platinum one?
Well sure, OK. So to open a platinum account you need to make a deposit of at least five hundred dollars or have a direct deposit set to that account of five hundred dollars a month.
OK. Can I go ahead and transfer the money out of my savings to the checking?
Sure, yeah, we can do that. Just a moment. Would you like to write down your new account number?
Yes.
OK. Do you have a pen?
Yes I do.
It's going to be six seven two.
OK.
Three two four one.
OK.
And I would advise that you go online and read the benefits of the platinum account for yourself and you can see all of the great things that come with it.
OK.
And if you have any trouble after that you can call us. So it takes about two days to get this account opened completely where you can use it. And in three to five days you'll receive a debit card.
OK.
In the mail. That will let you use the money that's in that account. How does that sound?
Sounds good. Can I go ahead and order a box of checks or do I need to wait for it to be open?
Oh, I will go ahead and put that order in for the checks. It it will take about a week for you to get them.
That's fine.
And there's no charge since it is a platinum account.
OK. Cool.
Alright. Anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's about it.
Alright, we we appreciate your business. Thank you for calling.
Thank you.
Hello, this is Ruby from Intellibank. How can I help you?
I was looking for an ATM near me and I wanted to just do a transaction.
OK, what is your name, please?
Katie Miller.
OK, hi, Katie. Nice to hear from you. May I know how are you doing today?
I'm doing OK. How are you?
Yeah, I'm good too. From where are you calling?
I am in Michigan.
OK great like nice place. So how is the weather over there?
It's OK. It's kinda rainy but it's not too bad.
OK, yeah that's fine. Yeah, the weather over here is also rainy, since two days it's raining a lot. Anyways, I can help you find out that ATM.
And then we will look into that dispute regarding your transaction which you haven't done yet.
OK, so I would like to know what is the name of your street you are located in.
I'm on Cherry Street.
OK, it is Cherry Street. OK. What is the name of your city you are inquiring about?
.
Ann Arbor OK, fine. which state you are located in?
I'm in Michigan.
OK, Michigan.
OK, what is the ZIP code?
The ZIP code is four eight one zero three.
OK, that is four eight one zero three.
Correct?
Yes.
OK, please hold for a moment. I'll find the nearest branch for you.
OK, thank you.
Well, there is one branch which is only point five miles away from your location, which is right on the crossing and there are multiple ATMs in your area do you want me to share other locations as well?
No, that works. Thank you.
OK, so they in fact there are different ATMs of different banks like PNC, Chase bitcoin ATM or they have the bitcoin ATM also for third bank an ATM, but you know what, some fees will be incurred using different banks' ATM so just to let you know if you want to use different banks' ATM
So so you don't want at present you don't want me to share other locations?
no, thank you. That's OK.
OK, I would like to inform you that the daily withdrawal limit for your bank account from the ATM is five hundred dollars. From Intellibank ATM, right? So, do you want to know how to find a branch or ATM near you?
yes, please.
OK, so you know what, it is very simple. Visit our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com I spell I N T E L L I B A N K dot com. Then you will find a tab that says locate branch or ATM click there and fill up the street address or ZIP code all the branches or ATMs in that area will be pulled up.
So, it is that easy.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, there I want to use transaction on my account.
OK, fine yeah you said that earlier.
You have a dispute. OK, no problem so I check it. Let me pull up your account so I can check those charges.
We'll have your credit card number.
OK, my credit card number is five eight one two four seven three one nine four three seven seven four nine eight.
OK, I'll I'll repeat. It is five eight one two four seven two one nine four three seven seven four nine eight. Is that correct?
No, it's five eight one two nine seven four seven three one nine four three seven seven four nine eight.
OK, I'll repeat five eight one two four seven three one nine four three seven seven four nine eight. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
OK, perfect. Before we proceed further, I would like to ask some questions to identify you OK so may we may I have your first name and last name, please?
first name is Katie, and my last name is Miller.
OK, can you spell it for me, please?
K A T I E M I L L E R.
OK, perfect. May I have your date of birth, please?
Birthday is June twelve nineteen ninety-four.
OK, it is June twelve nineteen ninety-four.
Is that correct?
Yep, that is correct.
Well, I need to verify your ID before we proceed further. So do you have your bank account number with you?
The do you have it?
Yes, I have it with me.
OK, yeah. Can can you tell me?
It's one nine four seven eight one three.
It is one nine four seven eight one three. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, fine. So for security reasons, I would like to verify your identity.
May I have your may I have your mother's maiden name, please?
My mother's maiden name is Casper.
Can you spell it for me, please?
C A S P E R.
OK, Casperine?
Yes.
OK, fine, good.
OK, so what is your account number? Is it checking or savings account?
It's a checking account.
It's a checking account, perfect. So, I would like to have your account number once again.
Can you give me?
My account number is one nine four seven eight one three.
OK, it is one nine four seven eight one three.
Thank you for verifying your information. Do you have your statement handy with you?
No.
OK, so can can you bring it for me, like I would like to pull up your information from here then we can discuss about transactions. Which you are saying that you haven't done yet. So, what charges are you talking about?
May I have the dates and M O please?
there was a charge on October third, it was three hundred and fifty dollars and I didn't buy anything that day.
OK, what date you said?
October third.
OK, October third. OK, you said that three hundred and fifty dollars was charged and you didn't buy anything.
Is there anyone else who has access to your account or credit card?
No, it's just me.
OK.
Do you remember you have any payment charge to your account?
Not that I know of.
No? OK.
Have you tried calling the to check these charges? I mean like whomever you have subscribed have you found out with them?
Yes.
OK so they are saying that they haven't took this transaction was not three hundred fifty dollars on third of October.
Yeah.
OK.
All right, we are going to do investigation on these charges.
So, it may take at least thirty days to resolve the issue in the meantime, we can freeze these transactions.
OK, thank you.
what we are going to do is we will lock your card to protect protect from any fraudulent activities. And send you another card.
You will receive the new card in mail within five days.
So, I would like to know that you want your card to be dispatched on the same whatever we have on file with us, or it is going to be a different address?
I understand what you were saying.
OK, perfect, fine. So, is there anything else that I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thank you.
All right, thank you so much. Again, this is Ruby, thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a nice weekend.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley, how can I help you today?
Yes I would like to find a branch near my location, can you help me with that please?
I certainly can sir, first I'mma need a little bit of information from you. Could you give me your street address including the city, state and ZIP code please?
Yes, my street address is twenty-two twenty-four no. No, no that's not it, I'm sorry. My street address is twenty-five thirty-four North Peabody Lane, Chicago, Illinois, six one six oh five.
All right sir, so you gave that address as twenty-five thirty-four North Peabody Lane, in Chicago, Illinois, at six one six oh five ZIP?
Yes
Ma'am.
OK sir, give me just one moment while I look up some branch locations around that address.
All right.
All right sir, looks like we have about three locations that are close by you, less than a mile away. you, if you have pen and paper ready I can go ahead and give you those addresses.
OK.
OK I'm ready.
OK sir. The first location is at eight one eight South Shelby Drive.
South Shelby?
Yes sir, S H E L B Y.
OK. Excuse me.
No problem, sir. And that location is the hours are eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Thursday, and eight a.m. to five p.m. on Friday. It's also open on Saturday at nine a.m. to two p.m..
All right. Nine a.m. to two p.m..
Yes sir. All right. And the next location I have for you is about a half a mile away from your location. It's at four four one Bishop Court sir.
OK.
The hours of operation for that branch are eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And ten ten a.m. to two p.m. on Saturday.
OK. I got that.
OK sir. And this last location is about a mile away from you but it has extended hours so perhaps you might wanna take a look at that anytime you're a little far away or late in the day.
All right.
OK sir. So this one is located at five seventeen West Willow Road.
Five seventeen West Willow Road.
Yes sir, and the hours of operation for that branch are seven a.m. to seven p.m. Monday through Friday.
All right, got that.
And it's open at eight a.m. to five p.m. on Saturday.
OK. Got that.
All right sir, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, matter of fact there is. I need to make a transfer from my checking to savings please.
OK sir, I can indeed help you with that. But first I'm gonna get an I'm gonna need to get a little bit more information about your account so I can verify
Your information on file sir.
All right.
OK. So could you give me your first, last name and date of birth please?
Yes, my name is Dale Walker. And my date of birth is ten thirty-first nineteen seventy-four.
OK Mr. Walker. I have you down as Dale Walker, ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four is your date of birth?
Yes.
OK. And for authentication purposes could I have your drivers license number please?
My driving license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK sir, to verify that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes.
All right, thank you sir. And for account security purposes could I get your childhood street address please?
Yes, my childhood street address is God damn find me forgetting it sometimes. it's it's thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane.
All right sir, thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane. OK I have that on file. So you need to make an internal transfer sir?
Yes.
Yes.
OK, just one moment.
All right.
And you said, which account was this? Checking or a savings account you wanted to transfer from?
I'm trying to fund from my checking to my savings.
OK sir, could you gimme that checking account number please?
Yes.
The checking account number is five one, I mean five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
OK sir, you said that number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
Yes it is.
All right, thank you so much sir. And what is the amount you need to transfer?
I want to transfer five hundred please.
OK sir, just one moment while I look up that account.
All right.
OK sir, looking for your account and it looks like you currently have seven hundred and thirty dollars as your current balance, and you said you wanted to transfer what amount?
Five hundred.
Five hundred, OK. And what account will you be transferring to?
To my savings account.
OK transferring to your savings?
Yes ma'am.
OK sir, could you give me that savings account number please?
Yes ma'am, that number is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
OK sir, so you gave that number as five one four eight one nine nine two nine oh?
Yes. two nine zero.
OK. OK sir, thank you so much for that information. Give me just one moment while I handle your request.
OK.
OK Mr. Walker, I've already processed your transfer, it should go through right away. You wanted to transfer five hundred dollars from your previous balance of seven thirty, that'll leave your account in two thirty and your new account with five hundred deposit amount. You should be able to check back in a few moments and that transfer will be completed.
All right, sounds good.
OK.
All right, is there anything else I can help you with today sir?
No ma'am, that's it.
All.
All right, thank you so much Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name was Lesley. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right, thank you.
Thank you too. Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes, hey Jerry, my name is Evelyn Richards and I am calling because I need to change my phone number.
Be glad to assist you with that, Ms. Richards, and if I could just verify some of your information. what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK, and what is your address and phone number?
OK, my address is three six eight eight Layman Court, Smyrna, Georgia. Three zero zero eight zero.
And my phone number is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
OK, you said that your address was three six eight eight Layman Court, Smyrna, Georgia. Three zero zero eight zero.
Yes.
And the phone number we have on file is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
Yes.
OK, and you stated that you wanted to update or change your phone number.
Yes, I would.
OK, happy to again get that done for you. One other question, what is your mother's maiden name, Ms. Richards?
Sanchez.
OK .
got this. have this pulled up for you here. I tell you, these computers can be slow sometimes, Ms. Sanchez, but I'm glad that we'll be able to get this done for you as quickly as possible.
OK, well I hope you're having a good day today.
Oh yes, ma'am. I it it is great being able to talk to great customers like yourself. Ms. Richards, let me ask you a quick question.
what is the new number that you wanna change your number to?
OK, the new number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one.
OK, that's four seven eight three six one eight zero three one?
Yes, it is.
And forgive me, Ms. Ms. Richards, you asked how I was doing. How's your day?
Oh, it's going good. It's really going good. I'm glad that it's about nearly the weekend. So I'm ready for that.
Absolutely, absolutely, and I have gone ahead and updated your information to the new number four seven eight three six one eight zero three one.
OK. All right, and I also would like to know when my car loan is due.
OK, happy to help you with that. let me pull this up here and the account number for your car loan is. Do you know?
It is. Uh-huh, I do know that. It is nine eight four six five nine one.
OK yeah, I've got it pulled up here, and you said you wanted to know when your next car payment is due?
Yes.
OK yes, your next car payment is due on November the tenth of next month.
OK, great. All right, thank you.
I appreciate that. So.
Is and is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, there is. I'd like to know if there are any ATMs near me.
Absolutely, we're happy to help you with that. if I could ask, what is your street address that you're located at right now?
OK, right now I'm out of town so this is the address, is eight three zero Waste Lake. Excuse me, West Lake Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada.
OK, so you said you're at eight thirty West Lake Avenue and you said city is Los Vegas?
Yes.
And that's in Nevada.
It is.
OK. It appears, Ms. Richards, that I see a ATM about a mile away. It appears you're at a hotel.
Yes.
At that address there's an ATM a mile away from you at the Holiday Inn hotel. have you seen a Holiday Inn near you?
Yes, I believe I did see one.
OK, terrific. That is where one. The nearest one is to that address and I also see. did you need another option or is.
I think that'll work.
OK. because there is one that's about two miles away from you.
if you needed one it's at the Kroger if you didn't know where the Holiday Inn was.
OK, well I really do appreciate that. Now do they accept cash deposits?
great question. It appears the Kroger location accepts the cash deposits. That's about two miles away.
OK, well that's good. I I that's what I need to do.
All right. Well, is there any other questions that you may have, Ms. Richards?
No, there are no other questions. I think you've answered all of them.
Well, we here at Intellibank certainly do appreciate your business, and again, thanks for calling us. we appreciate having you as a loyal customer.
Well, thank you. I appreciate your help.
Bye bye now.
Bye.
Hello. My name is Mike. Welcome to Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hey. this is Fred. I was trying to I was trying to write a check and I'm trying to figure out whether or not it's gonna be good or not. I don't know I made some deposits and and I just not sure what when I can safely write a check to somebody else without it bouncing or or insufficient funds. do you kind of know what I mean? I'm just kind of trying to figure out how my deposits are going to fit in with the timing of me writing checks.
Yes sir. would you like information about depositing at Intellibank?
Well I am asking that how long I guess how long does the deposit take to hit my account?
Yes sir. it generally takes one to three business days for a deposit to show up in someone's account at Intellibank.
Oh OK. All right. Well I mean I mean right at this moment I I'm actually trying to find one of your branches not an ATM but a branch where I can walk in and speak with somebody. can you tell me where the nearest branch is to where I'm located right now?
Yes sir. I can help you with that. What is your current street address?
I'm at looks like right around the twelve hundred block of South First Street.
And what is the city where you are currently located sir?
Oh. I am in Fredericksburg, Texas.
Yes sir. One moment. Hold on please.
OK sir. So there is a Intellibank branch location a mile and a half excuse me. one and a half miles down the road on South First Street in Fredericksburg, Texas. The hours for this bank are eight a.m. to four p.m. that's walk in hours. And there is also another Intellibank location a little bit farther from your location. It's about four and a half miles on Junction Street. and the hours for this are also the same the the lobby hours. They are eight a.m. to four p.m.. And in case you want any more information about other nearby branches oh excuse me sir. actually there is another location two miles south of you at at at Dakota Boulevard. and this is an Intellibank location sir. and the hours for this location are also the same. They are eight a.m. to four p.m..
OK. Well OK. I can make that nearest one but it sounds like I'll be there after close. Is there at least a deposit slip or deposit you know drop box that I can make my deposit in there since it's after hours?
Yes sir. There is a drive through deposit section at some of these locations. The location on Junction Street does have a drive through deposit vehicle bay. but the other two locations I had given you do not.
OK. All right. So I'll go to that one on Junction.
If I may ask sir oh sorry sir. if I may ask would you like any information about online banking?
no. I like to go visit the places firsthand.
Yes sir. I understand. Is there anything else I can do for you?
no. I believe that's it. I I do appreciate your help.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a nice day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How may I help you?
Hi Kathy, how are you today?
I'm good thank you and yourself?
I'm doing very good. I'm sure enjoying this nice weather we've been having.
Yes, it is beautiful out isn't it?
Yeah, but I heard it's suppose to start to rain out tomorrow unfortunately.
well sometimes we need the rain.
OK. Alright. I guess that's true. The reason that I'm calling is that I recently had some work done on my car and I need to transfer the money from my savings account to the mechanics account who's also at this bank.
OK. Great, I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I get your first and last name and date of birth please?
My first name is Julia . Well that's my whole name. Is Julie Williams. And my birthday is seven twenty-five of fifty-seven.
OK. Great. And can I get the last four of your social security number?
Sure, it's three six one six.
And if I could please get the savings account number we're referencing today.
Oh, crap. I wrote down the the checking account but I didn't write down the savings account. Can you hold just a moment while I look it up?
Sure.
OK. OK. I have it. Do you have a pen?
Sure. Go ahead with that account number.
It's two five six two seven one three seven nine.
OK. Thank you so much for that while I pull this up. OK. I'm looking at your account now.
OK. and I need to transfer nine hundred dollars to Mike's Smiths and I have his account number too if you need it.
OK. That will be great. I I will need his number.
OK. It's one five zero one zero six eight five.
OK. Let me make sure I heard you correctly, one five zero one zero six eight five. Is that correct?
That is correct.
OK, great. And Julie, I I'm sorry I don't remember the amount you said you needed to transfer.
Nine hundred dollars.
Nine
Hundred. OK. Thank you so much for that. I can go ahead and make that nine hundred dollar transfer for you right now while we're on the phone.
OK. that would be great I'm so glad that Intelligent Bank offers this service. It's It's great to be able to just pay somebody just transferring my money to their account.
Yes, we are Intellibank and that is a very nice service we offer.
thank you.
OK. Well I've gone ahead and made that nine hundred dollar transfer.
OK. how long is it gonna take for that to show up in that person's account?
They should see that in their account all ready. That transfer is immediate.
that's great. In the past you had to wait for transfers, and now you can do it right away. That's I really like that. You said you're Intellibank?
Yes, Intellibank.
Oh. OK. That's really great. Are are there other ways to make transactions like this. That other than calling on the phone?
Sure you can use our online banking service which allows you to set up external transfers from an account you have here. To an account that somebody else has here. We call those external transfers because it's not from an account that you own to another account that you own.
Oh, OK. I always thought those were called internal transfers.
Well.
If it's between your own account but if it's to another person's account they. For some reason they call those external.
OK. Now are there. The other kind of external transfers where I can send it to my sister's account at Citizens' Bank?
Sure, you can send money to other banks. We. You would just need to have the banks name. The account number you're sending it to and that bank's routing number.
Oh. OK. So how do I go about setting an online banking so I can do this in the future?
OK. I'm not showing that you have our service at this time. So if you go to Intellibank dot com and click where it says get started. Just ask for some information. You fill in the information. Hit submit and you should get approved within the same day and then you can get started.
Oh. OK. That sounds great. I think I'm gonna do that then.
OK, awesome. And then you can make internal transfers, external transfers, transfers to people at other banks. It's really a pretty neat neat process.
Oh good, good. Well I'm I'm glad I talked to you today Kathy. You've been very helpful.
Oh.
Thank you Julie, is there anything else I can help you with?
no I think that about covers it I hope you have a great day.
OK thanks you too.
OK. Bye.
Hello this is Michelle from Intellibank. may I know whom I am talking to?
Hi, my name's Nadia.
OK hi Nadia, how are you doing today?
I'm OK. I'm glad it's the weekend for sure though.
Oh, that's awesome. That's awesome. Well, how can I help you today?
I wanted to make a wire transfer.
Alright, so I can certainly help you with that.
Well, before we proceed further, I would like to ratify your account. Is that OK with you?
Yes.
OK, all right, may I have your first and last name please?
Nadia Thomas.
Can you please spell it for me?
N A D I A and then Thomas.
T H O M A S.
Right, it is N A D I A.
T H O M A S. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right. May I have your date of birth please?
my birthday is May third two thousand and two.
All right it is May third two thousand and two. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, well, I need to verify your ID before we proceed further. So, may I have your bank account number?
I I don't have that with me right now.
You don't have it right now?
No problems. So you can give your credit card number or driver's license number or any state issued ID if you have.
I have my driver's license with me.
All right, so can you provide me the driver's license number?
seven seven four two nine three one seven four five nine two.
OK it is seven seven four two nine three one seven four five nine two. Is that correct?
Yes.
All right, thank you.
Well for security reasons I would like to verify your identity.
So, may I ask you a question regarding that? What is the name of your first pet?
my first pet was a goldfish named Bubbles.
Oh goldfish named Bubbles. Nice name.
Thank you.
All right, may I know what type of bank account do you have? You do you have checkings account or savings account with us?
It's a savings account.
OK it's the savings account.
Perfect.
What is your bank account number which you wish to make a wire transfer from?
gimme one second, I will go find it.
All right, I'll wait for you.
OK so I found it. My account number is seven three two one four seven nine.
It is seven three three one four seven nine, is that correct?
no it's seven three two one four seven nine.
All right.
it is seven three two one four seven nine.
Correct?
Yes, that is correct.
All right, thank you. So, how much amount do you want to transfer today?
Five hundred and seventy-five dollars.
OK so it is five hundred and seventy-five dollars you want to transfer.
So you want to make the transfer in the same country or you want international transfer?
In the same country.
OK.
So what is the routing number of the bank you want to deposit money in?
The routing number is one nine seven three four eight two four five
the routing number is one nine seven three three eight one four six?
Is that correct?
no. It the routing number was one nine.
one nine seven three four eight two four five.
All right, one nine seven three four eight two four five. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
All right, thank you. Well, what is the bank account number you want to transfer to?
I wanna the account I want to transfer to is six nine one five three one two
It is six nine one five three three two.
Is that correct?
no.
The number was six nine one five three one two.
All right, so it was six nine one five three one two.
Is that correct?
Yes.
All right. Thank you for giving all the information.
You're welcome.
Let me pull up your account.
OK, thank you.
Well your current balance is forty-five thousand six hundred dollars.
So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and do the transfer for you.
So just a moment, let me initiate the transfer for you.
You will get the receipt in your email once the transfer is done.
OK, thank you.
well I would like to inform you we are going to initiate the transfer right away.
You will be charged of fifteen dollar for international transactions
Or if there is a in the same country then you will not be charged anything
If the amount is not accepted in the receiving bank then you will be charged thirty-five dollars as a fee. Is that OK with you?
yeah that's fine.
All right great. So do you want information for online banking? It is a very convenient option if you want future transfers.
You can do it from the comfort of your home and transfer anytime.
no thank you.
All right, no problems. So is there anything else I can do for you today?
yes please.
Yeah, what do you what do you want to know we we offer several services. We offer credit cards.
We offer several types of accounts.
Loans also we offer.
So what do you want to know?
I'd like to credit cards.
Different credit cards?
OK, just a moment. Yeah we provide traveler's card. Are you fond of traveling?
Yes.
OK so I think a traveler's card will suit you.
But I'll inform you other cards as well. There is traveler's card, platinum card, gold card silver card, cashback card, rewards card.
So which one would you like to apply?
the travel card sounds perfect.
Traveler's card sounds perfect, OK great.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to fill up all the information that you are interested in.
Credit cards, especially traveler's cards. So one of the agents will contact you back regarding the credit card and from there you can apply. So is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, that's it.
All right, thank you so much. Again, this is Michelle Thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Shannon. How can I help you?
Yay Shannon this is Robert Johnson. Anyway I'm out and about on the other side of town and I'm picking up groceries and stuff and is there an ATM nearby?
I can definitely help you with that. Could you please provide me with the street address?
Yeah I'm at fifty-six fifty-six North Conch Lane San Diego, California
All right, give me one moment while I look up the information.
Yeah, sure.
OK it looks like the nearest ATM is about one and a half miles away from your current location and that is at seven sixteen.
Oh man, a a mile ew, I'm at the grocery store.
OK we have a branch location that is actually closer than the ATM. Would you like that address?
Oh yeah, how much closer?
that is actually about a half mile away from your location.
Oh OK. Hey quick question. What are your bank hours?
so this branch location, their hours are from seven thirty a.m. to six thirty p.m. Monday through Friday with Saturday hours from eight a.m. to noon and closed on Sunday.
oh OK. hey, can I check my balance real quick?
sure. I just need to get some more information here from you. Can I get your first and last name again?
Yeah it was Robert Johnson.
OK and can I please get your driver's licence number?
yeah so let me get that out of my wallet. It's Oh here it is, sorry. You know it's the worst thing when you just can't find anything in your wallet, you know what I mean? you've got like a handful of stu~. Oh here it is. Lovely weather we're having isn't it?
It sure is. It's one of the better days this week.
I know. The leaves have been turning. so you needed my bank account number right?
no, I needed your driver's licence number.
Oh yeah yeah yeah, sorry. that's eleven two X X six six seven nine.
OK, thank you. It looks like you have a security question on your account. What is the color of your favorite shoe?
high heels?
The It's asking for the color, not the type.
Oh man I am so sorry. It is really loud. I mean there is just people and these shopping carts. It's really hard to hear. what was that again?
What is the color of your favorite shoe?
Oh, yeah that's purple.
Yep that is correct, OK. And are you wanting to check your savings account?
Oh no I meant to check my checking.
Your checking account. OK. it looks like you only have a savings account here.
Oh! Yeah that's right, sorry. I I like I said I got a horrible connection going on. How much do I have in there?
your savings account is showing a balance of two hundred fifty-four dollars and seventy-eight cents.
Oh right. Yeah, I'll make it down to the branch so that way I can get the money pulled.
OK, did you want me to provide you with that address or are you going to be able to just look it up and find it yourself? I'd be more than happy to provide it to you.
yeah if you could give me that again that would be great.
OK. The address is eight oh nine Main and that's in San Diego, California.
So that's eight oh nine Maine?
Yes.
Oh perfect perfect. And that's just right up the street right?
About a half a mile.
All right, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been great.
All right, you have a great day. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Hi. Yes ma'am. I'm calling because I'd like to update some of my personal information.
OK. I will definitely be happy to help you with that. let's get you verified so I can process your request. Can I please have your first and last name?
My name is Hailey Parker.
Thank you. And your phone number please?
Three one five four four four two two three seven.
Perfect. And your date of birth?
Four fifteen eighty-nine.
Thank you. And what is your account number?
I actually don't have my bank account number with me. But I do have my debit card that's associated with this account.
OK. Perfect. We can use that. go ahead with that number.
OK. That's gonna be five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight, one nine six three.
Perfect. And last verification method you're security question which is your birthplace please?
Chattanooga Tennessee.
Thank you. Alright. And what can I update for you today?
the first thing I needed to update is my email address.
OK.
Oh I'm sorry I was jumping ahead of myself.
No you're OK. All right. Let me get to that screen. OK. So we're gonna update your email address. Let me just delete what we have here. OK. Go ahead with your new email address.
Yes ma'am. It is Hailey Parker one four three at Gmail dot com.
Perfect. All right. So just submit this here. OK. So I went ahead and submitted that and the change has been made effective immediately. is there anything else I can help you with?
while I have you, can I go ahead and update my phone number on file as well?
Absolutely sure. what is your new phone number? Actually hold on let me get to that section. It's was little bit slow here. OK. All right. Let me just delete this out of here. All right. And what is your new phone number?
It is three one five four four four nine nine two two.
OK. Great. Thank you. All right. So your phone number has also been successfully updated and that'll be done immediately. anything else for today?
I do have one more thing. do you guys have online banking? So that I'm able to make changes in the future for myself if need be.
OK.
Yes we do! you can actually there's two different ways. You can go to Intellibank dot com. Or download the Intellibank app through the app store. Create a user name and password. They're gonna ask you for personal and banking information in order to start the account. So make just sure you already have readily available. you can then go to your profile settings which I believe if you click on the menu button that's on the top left corner it should say I'm trying to remember what it is if it's profile or personal account information. Something to that effect. And that's where you can go and update your address, your phone number anything like that that you know would change. all right. And also I don't know if you heard but we have a new travelers card that came out. Have you heard anything about that?
I've heard about it but I'm haven't really heard any details about it. And I was actually gonna ask for a little more information.
OK. All right. Well ya. That is one of our new cards it's perfect for the traveler because we have a lot of incentives and cashback promotions for flights. a one the one good thing that's on there too it's got a lot of good things. One of the best things that a lot of people are loving is that we're having a special right now. A special promo for the next six months. for ten percent cashback on all of your gas purchases. And you know with the gas prices being up right now that is a big help. So I can go.
Oh.
Definitely.
Yes. so I can definitely go ahead and either email you the information about the travelers card. or you can go through the app or the website and there's a section in there about like other banking services and offers that we have. And it'll be under that section.
If you can email that to me, that would be great.
OK. All right I will send that out right away to that new email address hailey parker one four three at Gmail. All right. And that has been successfully sent. So that should be in your inbox. And is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No thank you. I appreciate all of your help.
You're very welcome. It's been my pleasure. And thank you for calling Intellibank. You enjoy the rest of your day.
You too thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great Kim, thank you so much for asking. How about yourself?
I'm doing good. How's the weather there?
Oh my goodness, don't even get me started.
Oh no. Well, OK, I'll start it has been so temperamental and up and down. I just I don't even know what to think. It finally went from exceptionally hot and I mean hotter than it's been in a long time Where your makeup is melting off of your face soon as you walk out the door, fresh out of the shower. Yes, exactly. It's been a lot of double deodorant days, that's for sure. Then fall happened for exactly two point two days. And then the height of summer, and I mean the hottest height of summer came back.
Oh, no.
Oh no! Not second summer. Oh no! Well hopefully it cools off for you soon.
Second summer.
Yeah.
Thank you, thank you. We need it. Send help. Ice, air conditioning didn't help. Oh, I am calling today to open an account with you guys.
Oh awesome. Welcome to the family. I can definitely help you with that.
Thank you.
you're welcome. I just have to get some information from you so that we can get started.
Sure.
All right, let's see here. So I know you said your first name is Kim. Is that just Kim and not Kimberley?
yes, it's Kim and my last name is Johns. That's J O H N S.
OK, thank you so much Miss Johns. And provide me with your date of birth.
It's April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. And also your Social Security number.
my Social is one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
All right. And what would you like your security question to be? And I'll give you a couple of examples to choose from What is your maiden, your excuse me, your mother's maiden name? What is the name of your first pet? Or what street did your did you grow up on?
we can do the street that I grew up on and that street is Broadway.
OK. All right. finish getting all this information in here.
Sure.
And also I will need your address.
Sure. Give me one second here, I'm so sorry. I just moved recently so I wanna make sure that I wanna make sure that I I give you the right address. That's why I'm opening up a new account. We actually are new in town and so I'm trying to move my move all my my banking information and all my, you know, All my doctors and everything, all over to my new address.
Oh, no.
Isn't it taxing? I wish there was something that just transferred all of your information at once when you move.
Yeah. Like a.
A global relocation service. Hey, I'm just saying, we said it here first on this line so.
Right.
We did.
We should probably patent it.
One of us should get it. OK, I have it here my new address is forty-nine Holland Lane and that's in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. And the ZIP code in one nine one, zero three.
We'll speak later.
All right, awesome. OK, so I think I have everything. let's see here. Let me just make sure I have everything. OK so let me tell you about some accounts that we have. you were looking to open a checking account, correct?
Yes.
OK, so because you are new to our company, we do have an account that is free for our new clients you will gain two per cent interest quarterly on that account, but it is completely free. You will not incur any charges we also have another checking account that does actually charge you each month. However, you have a higher overdraft amount that you can reach if necessary. with the free account there is no overdraft coverage and with the the one that charges each month you can overdraft up to five hundred dollars but there is a five dollar charge each month. So it's up to you which one you would like me to start for you.
I think I'll do the free checking account.
OK. All right bear with me just a moment and let me go ahead and finish this information. thank you And then I will get just a couple pieces more from you. Then I need to completely open the account. OK.
OK.
Sure.
OK, I got that all typed in and I just need to know what your email address is please.
sure. It's my first initial, last name. It's K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
All right. And is there any further information that I can give you on setting up an online bank account in order to access your account balance in the future?
no, not right now, but if you're able to send that through the the email I probably will do that on my spare time.
Sure, I can certainly do that. Let me get that sent out to you right now. You should have that within thirty seconds.
OK, thank you so much. Yeah, I see that it came through. I appreciate it.
OK, fabulous. All right Kim, was there anything else that I could help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome, and again, welcome to the family. It was a pleasure helping you today Our banking hours are nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then on Saturday from nine a.m. to twelve p.m. if you should need to call us for anything, just please let us know.
Thank you so much. Have a great night.
You too, thank you. Bye bye.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael. How may I help you?
hey I'm calling I need to update my address. I just moved down the road.
Yes sir, you would like to update your personal info specifically your street address.
That's right. I'm I just moved down the road so I live in the same city same neighborhood just change of address.
Yes sir I can help you with that. one moment please. may I have your first and last name please?
Well I'm John Walker and I I was born a while ago October thirtieth nineteen sixty.
Thank you sir. And can I have an authenticating ID number associated with this account? this could be an account number, a credit card, a driver's license number. something that we have on file associated with this account.
Well yes I do have my account number, that's nine zero zero four two two.
Thank you sir.
And to verify your identity for the security of your account, there is a security question. what is your mothers maiden name?
Oh that's Jefferson. My mom was that's why I always use that question. I think of my mom a lot. How bout you know one thing that you need to remember when you get a little bit older never forget about your mom or your dad but especially your mom. She raised you.
Yes sir, you are quite correct.
Yeah. Is your mom still alive?
yes sir, she is. she leaves in Brewing Texas.
Well you just don't forget, visit her often, call her often. Respect your mom always.
Yes sir you're quite correct. you said that you wanted to update your home address. You said that you had just moved, correct?
That's that's correct. I almost forgot why I had called. Yes, I need to update my street address.
Yes sir right away. I see that your current address is forty seven Comberg Avenue. but what would what is the new address that you would like me to change it too?
Hey well as I said, it's just down the road. I'm at twelve Vassal Street. Vassal is spelled V as in Victor A S S A L Street. And that's the same city.
Thank you s~.
Thank you sir. One moment please while I update your information.
OK, Mr. Walker. effective immediately your personal information should be updated on our website or on your account if you access it through our website. And just to go through everything over again, just to verify, I am changing the home address for account number nine zero zero four two two from forty-seven Comberg Avenue to twelve Vassal Street. Is all this correct?
Yes sir, it is correct.
Is there anything else I can do for you sir. would you like to know more about online banking in the future so you can more conveniently check the status of your accounts or to check if your personal information has infact been updated?
No thank you, I'll just validate it through a phone call. Appreciate it.
You're welcome sir. Is there anything else I can do for you.
No sir. Thank you again for your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
All righty.
Thank you or calling Intellibank. This is Gina, how can I help you?
Hey Gina, how ya doing? I'm having a little bit of trouble trying to transfer money from accounts, and I was hoping you could help me.
Absolutely I can help you. What is your first and last name?
So it's. my first name is Stan.
OK.
And the last name is Eisen.
Eisen. And could you please spell that?
It's E I S E N.
OK Mr. Eisen and can you confirm the last four digits of your social security number?
It is eighteen seventy-seven.
OK, perfect. And your date of birth?
It is three twenty-six, nineteen seventy-one.
OK, perfect. And just one last question, your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
Oh her. Her last name is Stanley.
OK. Is that S T A N L E Y?
Yeah, th~. Thank God my father was not a Stanley or I'd be Stan Stanley.
That's crazy. OK so you want to transfer money?
Is that correct?
Yes. I I'm having a lot of. I. You know. I I'm I'm not a computer person. I'm not into the whole world of online banking. especially not into the world of social media.
Mm.
I'm very confused by it all. Like You know people are doing this stuff on their phones now. I just don't get it. I'm very old school, I like to go into a bank and get it you know. But I need to do this.
I know it's late and I need to do this tonight. And I. I need help, this is an urgent matter.
OK, no problem. I totally get it, I totally understand.
My uncles and my dad, they were fighting me on this online banking thing. But they actually love it now so maybe at the end of the call I could help you get that set up
Because you really can just do it online and it's pretty simple. For now, what is the account number that you want to take the money out of?
When you're ready give it to me.
OK.
OK. Hang on. Let me get my account number situated.
I. I'm guessing you're gonna. Yeah. You would naturally need both account numbers. So give me one second.
Right.
Let me just get this stuff together for you.
No problem.
OK. Are you ready?
Yes.
Alright. So the account the money is coming from is zero eight eight six one one seven oh nine.
OK. So that is your savings account .
And do you want to know the balance right now?
I'm kind of scared, but yes.
It's five. You have five thousand one hundred and two dollars in that account. And how much are you going to be transferring?
I need to transfer twenty-five hundred.
OK. And let me get the account number of the account that you're going to be transferring the twenty five hundred dollars into.
OK. So the account number that it's going into is oh nine one five seven one six six three.
OK. And that's your checking.
Correct.
OK. So I'm going to go ahead and transfer twenty five hundred dollars from your savings into you checking.
right now you do have a zero balance in you checking.
Oh you're scaring me.
So. But no that's perfectly OK because our transfers basically take five minutes. So once I put this through you will have the twenty-five hundred dollars in your checking.
Oh. OK. OK. So I don't have to wait like you know, twenty-four or forty-eight hours for this to clear.
Yeah.
No.
It's automatic.
Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Thank you s~. Oh my God this is gonna be a life saver.
Yeah.
Yeah. So that's going through right now. And then just to let you know. Here we go . And OK. So now you have twenty-six hundred dollars in your savings account and you have twenty-five hundred dollars in your checking account.
OK.
Now do you want me to go ahead and send you that information about doing online banking? Because say if you wanted to do it after banking hours.
Right.
you could do that in the comfort of you own home, on your laptop, on your phone. So if you want you can go ahead and give me your email and I will send you the instructions. They're very simple step by step instructions.
So. So let me ask you this real quick.
Yeah.
So I
First off, silly. Silly question. I. I. I'm
Are you from New York? I'm noticing like an accent or something here.
Oh boy. I was. I'm. I really try so hard to cover that up.
But I know little inflections come out. Yes. Actually I am from Brooklyn.
I'm not there now. I did move away but yeah. I am from Brooklyn but you should have heard my voice years ago. I moved to Nashville, that's where I am now but yeah. I can't believe you picked that up. I tried so hard to hide that.
I.
I did. I did pick it up but on the bright side you don't have a Nashville twang.
OK. Thank you? I do love Nashville though.
So. So. So the other question I had was.
So if I start using this online banking and I need to do. I get into this situation again I need to transfer money.
Mhm.
So if I'm transferring the money after banking hours, would it still be like an almost instant thing like what is happening now, or would I have to wait twenty-four hours, or the next business day?
It will be instant.
So that's what's great about doing it at home. Say for some crazy reason you needed to do it at ten o'clock at night it would automatically transfer.
This is amazing.
So you wouldn't have to.
Yeah. It's really great. So.
OK.
Do you want to just give me your email and I'll send you over the. OK.
Yes.
Whenever you're ready.
Alright so it's Stan Eisen at Gmail dot com.
Oh.
Very simple.
OK.
I'm surprised there's no other Stan Eisen that got it before I did.
Yeah.
OK. So what I'm going to do is I'm sending you over the instructions right now.
They're really really simple.
If, for any reason though, you have questions and you want us to walk you through it you can call back. Our online customer service is on until eight p.m.
And then. tomorrow morning again at seven a.m..
OK.
So if you have any problems, which I don't think you will because it's really simple give us a call back and we'll walk you through it if we. If we need to.
Alright, perfect.
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it.
Alright great. It was great talking to you.
You too. Take care.
You too.
Thank you for calling in to Intellibank with whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with this afternoon?
Hi my name is Davina Saint Clair. I have gotten a piece of letter from Intellibank saying to call the bank. I just wanted to make sure there wasn't any holds in my account or anything.
Oh absolutely no we oftentimes send out just informational pieces of mail for you. Does that by chance have a PIN number on the card then I can tell you exactly what the card says.
it does it is five one nine seven.
Oh perfect that's just telling you about some of our new auto rates on our auto loans. Are you interested in doing an auto loan today?
I am not.
Oh OK is there any other thing I can help you out with?
Actually while I have you on the phone I would love to make a few transfers.
OK perfect do you want to transfer between your accounts or your account and someone else's account?
preferably both?
Oh absolutely we can do both of those for you today Miss Saint Clair. I just need to verify some information with you. Can I get your date of birth?
Yes you can my date of birth is November nineteenth nineteen ninety-three.
OK what is your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Kerfufflak.
And what's the. One last piece of information from you. What is the PIN number on your account?
three one four nine.
OK. Perfect that is what we have for you. I see you have a couple accounts with us Miss Saint Clair which account would you like to do. Or let's do your transfer first you said you wanted to do one between your own accounts?
Yes I would like to do a transfer from my checkings to my savings sorry pardon my yawn.
Perfect can I get that savings account number just to make sure we have the right one on file for you.
Yes it is four oh nine eight zero zero one nine zero.
Perfect and how much are you looking to transfer?
I'm trying to transfer six grand.
OK we can transfer that six grand over right immediately into your account is this something you want setup as a one time payment or is it something you would like setup recurring?
Recurring please.
OK we can absolutely do that for you. So that will come out on the same day each month we're gonna go ahead and transfer that money right now it is gonna be six thousand dollars and that transfer will happen immediately. All right.
That is amazing thank you.
Absolutely no problem happy do to it and then from which account are we gonna transfer to the other person's account?
I'm trying to transfer It's another person that uses the same bank her name is Charlene Woodley.
OK well for Charlene we'll get her information in here in a second. Which account did were you wanting to transfer money from you? Do you want from your savings account? OK the checking. And how much are we transferring over there?
From my checkings please.
Nine grand.
Nine thousand dollars. And now we can go ahead and get that other person's information from you. You said she's also one of our bank customers that's great to hear. What was the name on that one again?
Charlene Woodley.
And did Charlene give you the account number for her?
Yeah she did. It is. Let me find it really quick one second.
Perfect. How's your day going so far?
Long day.
Well hopefully we can make that a little easier for you. Just let me know whenever you get that other information found I'm gonna be right here on the line for you.
Perfect thank you.
While I got you on the line. we do have. That's what that card was saying. We have financing as low as two percent right now on auto loans. We encourage everyone to check for what you have currently to see if we can save you some money.
Well I actually am in the market for a car right now I would love to give you a call back later and talk about that for sure.
That that is that is amazing.
I found the account number. It is
OK.
Go for it.
Six seven five four eight nine three three.
All right and the same question on this one is this something that you would like to do just this one time transfer, or would you like to set this up on a reoccurring basis?
This one can just be a one time transfer. Thank you, though.
Perfect.
All right so it looks like we got the transfer from your checking to your savings account all done and then we're getting the second one setup that should be done here in just a couple seconds I'll let you know once that transfer is complete.
Perfect thank you!
While I have you on the line do you need order any new checks today?
Yes please.
Perfect we have a couple different ones on there. Were you wanting the free checks or did you want to pick out your own design? Those come with a cost it's pretty minimal but I can send those over to you right away.
yes and I also needed a second thing of checks to give to my daughter.
Oh perfect we have a lot of accounts here for families as well so anytime you'd like to discuss that we'll be happy to do that with you.
Yeah I was thinking about bringing her in and have her meet everybody at the bank.
We would love to have her.
Well we have both of those transfers done for you tonight Miss Saint Clair. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that is everything I need.
We appreciate your banking with Intellibank and look forward to being able to help you again.
Thank you so much!
Absolutely!
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how could I help you?
Yes, hey Jerry, my name is Evelyn Richards and I'd like to report a lost card and do a wire transfer please.
Thanks for calling, Ms. Richards and I'm sorry to hear about your lost card. I'll be glad to help you with that today as well as your wire transfer.
If you could, Ms. Richards, if you would just let me know what your date of birth is.
OK, my date of birth is seven nine eighty-four.
OK, and for security purpose, Ms. Richards, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez. OK, and do you know what the card number is for the lost card?
Yes, I do.
OK, and that number is?
That number is four four seven nine six five three two two seven four four six three nine two six.
OK, and let me pull this up here, Ms. Richards, and what. Do you recall what the date was that you lost the card or it was stolen?
Yeah, I lost the card on the twelfth. October twelfth.
The twelfth and again, Ms. Richards, you said it was stolen, correct? Pardon me.
Yes, it was lost.
Pardon me. Thank you, Ms. Richards. It was lost. OK, and I just wanted to make sure we document that for our records, and do you know where you last used the card at?
Yes, it was at Walmart.
OK, at Walmart and let me go ahead. I have this pulled up, Ms. Richards, and if. Just to be clear, you want me to go ahead and report the card as lost.
Yes.
OK. I have gone ahead and processed that and canceled that particular card and is there any questions about that?
Yes, and, you know, I wanna also ask how your day's going?
Oh, well thanks, Ms. Richards. Yeah, I mean it's terrific every time I get to talk to our great customers here at Intellibank I'm always thrilled to be able to provide terrific assistance to great folks like yourself.
Oh well thank you so much for that. well now, when will I get the new card?
A great question. just so that you know I've gone ahead and canceled the card as you requested and within about seven to ten business days that card will be sent to the mailing address we have on file and if you would just confirm your address.
OK. my address is one four one Oakwood Avenue.
One four one Oakwood Avenue.
Avondale Estate, Georgia.
Avondale Estate, Georgia.
Three zero zero zero two.
Three zero zero zero two.
But I do need to give you my new address. Remove from that address.
Oh OK, go ahead and do that.
OK that new address is seven two two.
Seven two two.
West David Street.
West David Street.
In Avondale Estates.
Avondale Estates, Georgia.
Georgia.
Three zero zero zero two.
Three zero zero zero two.
Yes.
OK, that is your new address that you want updated on file, is that correct?
That is correct. Thank you so much.
OK. S~
OK, so we'll go ahead and update that and the . Pardon me. We'll go ahead and update your account information with your new address.
Thanks. And would you also give me my checking account balance?
Absolutely, Ms. Richards, and that's for account number ending in seven two nine eight?
Yes.
OK. that balance that I am reflecting here you have five thousand two hundred twenty-two dollars and eleven cents.
OK, so it's five thousand two hundred and twenty-two dollars and what was the cents?
Eleven cents.
Thank you so much.
And I understand as well, you also mentioned at the beginning you wanted to do a wire transfer.
I sure do. Thank you. I do need to do that.
And just so that I'm aware, let me ask Ms. Richards, what account did you want to initiate the wire transfer from?
OK, it's gonna come from six one zero four nine one.
Six one zero four nine one.
Yes.
OK, is that your ch~. And I. It appears that's your savings account.
Yes.
OK.
OK, and so that is where I want the account number to come from.
My savings account.
OK, sure. I understand, Ms. Richards. So we will do the wire transfer from your savings account and how much would you like to wire?
I'd like to wire five hundred dollars.
OK.
five hundred dollar wire transfer and do you want to do a domestic or international transfer?
Domestic.
OK, and with the domestic transfer do you know the account information of where we'll be sending this to?
Yes, I do.
OK, and what is the routing number for the account we're sending it to?
We're send it it to routing number three two eight one seven four nine eight four six five nine.
OK.
So we will be wiring from your savings account five hundred dollars to that routing number, is that correct?
That is correct.
And also, what is the account number please?
The account number is nine eight four six five nine.
OK, we'll be wiring five hundred dollars to account number nine eight four six five nine.
Yes.
OK.
All right, I have gone ahead and initiated that transfer for you, Ms. Richards, for five hundred dollars. It appears this is headed to Chase City Bank to account number nine eight four six five nine.
Yes.
All right, and that appears to have processed successfully and it should arrive by the end of the business day.
OK. All right. would that be tomorrow?
it'll be the end of the business day today.
Good. OK, thank you so much.
And, Ms. Richards, is there anything else I can help you with maybe about online banking?
Yes, can you explain the process of that?
sure. It's very simple. You can simply go online to our website and enter in your account information and from with your account number and of course your password, you can set up right online and from there you'll be able to check the wire transfer that you just requested to see if it successfully went through as well as your account balance.
Mhm.
That is great. OK, I I I appreciate that.
Terrific. Anything else I can help you with?
No, there is not anything else. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a terrific day.
You too.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
Yes. Hi. I would like to update my phone. My son broke my iPhone and I had to get it replaced. oh man, what a day. Can you help me?
I sure can, sir. I'm so sorry you're having some difficulties with your phone.
Yes.
before I can complete your request I'm gonna need to ask you a few questions about that account. OK?
OK.
OK, sir. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. My first name is Dale. My last name is Walker.
All right. Dale D A L E Walker. Is that correct?
Yes yes.
All right, Mr. Walker. Could you give me your date of birth please?
Yes. Ten thirty-first one nine seventy-four.
All right, sir. That is ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes yes.
OK, Mr. Walker. Could you give me your credit card number please, for authentication purposes.
Aww man. I don't carry credit cards on me. Is there anything else that you can use in place of that? Anything?
Yes, sir. You can use your driver's license number. Do you have that handy?
yes. I should have that handy.
OK, sir. Go right ahead whenever you're ready.
All right. Thank you I appreciate you. My driver's license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK, sir. To verify, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes yes.
All right, sir. Thank you so much. And for security purposes could I get the last four digits of your social security number?
yes you may. It's seven zero three nine.
OK, sir. Again that number was seventy thirty-nine?
Yes.
OK, sir. Thank you so much. Could you give me the account number for the information you're wanting to update?
yes.
Is that your savings account or your checking?
Yeah, it's.
My savings.
OK, sir. Go ahead and give me that account number please.
Just a minute. Yes. It's five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
OK, sir. Again that number was five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero?
Yes.
All right, Mr. Walker. what information were you needing to update again? Did you say your phone number on file?
Yes, my phone number.
OK, sir. Were you wanting to replace a number, or were you wanting to add a phone number?
can I replace this number?
Yes, sir. Which number were you wanting to replace? I have a home number on file.
OK. yes so I give you that number you I wanna replace? OK. my number that number I wanna replace is area code eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six.
OK, sir. You wanna replace the number on file with eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six?
Yes please.
OK, sir. I sure will. Just give me one moment while I handle your request.
OK thank you. Oh man. What a day.
All right, Mr. Walker. I've updated your information on file. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I believe that is it. I just wanna make sure. Will this be updated quickly?
Yes, sir. It's going to effect immediately. Would you like more information about our online banking? That way in the future, if you would like, you can just update your personal information at your leisure?
yes. A little bit please. yes. If you don't mind. If you got time.
OK, sir. I certainly do. First of all, I can send you some information in the mail. That way you'll have it on print. To verify, your home address is thirty-three forty Pinewood Drive in North Chicago, Illinois?
All right.
Yes that's it.
OK, sir. We can send you some information at that address, but for now I'll just give you a quick run through of what it entails.
OK.
OK. You would you would have to go to our web address at Intellibank dot com. You would go to our the home page. It has two tabs in the upper right corner. One tab is for online banking. Once you access that tab, it'll run you through the steps of setting up your own online banking account. Do you have an email address you already have set up, sir?
All right.
yes. I already have that on file.
OK, sir. Well you'll need that email address so that you can actually set up online banking. You can also set up web security or personal security with one of the numbers you have on file, even the brand new number you just gave. That way no one can you know, you'll have to authenticate your account yourself and it'll just make it more secure that way.
OK. I appreciate that.
OK, sir. And like I said we'll send this information out to you in the mail today, should get it in about three business days.
OK. I appreciate that. I feel a little better since I called you.
All right. Thank you so much, Mr. Walker, for taking your time and patience and giving us a call today. Again my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
you too, Leslie.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
Yes, I need to update my phone number on my account, please.
All right, sir, I can certainly help you with that, but before I complete your request I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information.
All right.
OK, sir, can I have your first and last name, please?
My name is Dale Walker.
That's D A L E Walker?
Yes.
All right, sir, could you give me your date of birth?
My date of birth is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
All right, you said ten thirty-first nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK, sir, and for authentication purposes could I have your driver's license number, please.
just a minute please, hold on, I need to go find it.
All right, sir, take your time.
All right, thank you for that.
Put that number at. Driver's license OK, here I go.
All right.
My.
Driver's license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right, sir, to verify that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes, correct.
OK, thank you so much for that. And for security purposes, could I have your childhood street address, please.
yes, I lived at two different address as a child.
OK.
the first one I got on on file is thirty-three forty-seven North Munroe Street.
All right.
And I have another one. It's thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane.
Mm all right, sir, it looks like we have the thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane on file.
All right.
OK, sir, and lastly, which account was this you were wanting to update?
it's my checking.
OK, sir, could you give me that account number, please.
Yes, it is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
All right, sir, to verify, that number was five one four three three six seven zero seven zero. Is that correct?
Correct.
OK, thank you, sir. Now, what information did you want to update? Was that your phone number?
Yes, ma'am, if you don't mind.
OK, sir, could you go ahead and give me that number, please.
yes, my phone number is area code eight four seven eight eight seven nine four four four
All right, sir, to clarity that number is eight four seven eight eight seven nine four four four.
Yes, correct.
All right, sir, that's an additional number. We also have on file eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six. Do you want that removed or is that still valid?
that's still valid.
OK, sir, so you wanted to add an additional number?
Yes, please.
OK.
Sir, thank you so much.
All right.
Oh.
All right, I've updated that for you.
I sure appreciate it. How's your day going so far for you?
Oh, it's going pretty well Mr. Walker. How has your day been?
It pretty busy. You pretty busy there?
Yes, sir, busy all the time but I I like my day to go that way. That makes the time go by pretty fast.
I bet it does.
All right, sir, is that all you need from me today?
yes, I that's all I need.
OK, sir, so in the future, if you would like, you can actually update this information online. Do you no longer do you not have a online banking account?
yes, I have a online banking account.
but,
Imagines I am anyway I can do that? You got any information?
OK, sir, if you already have online banking, next time you log into your account you can go to the the personal information area, and it usually has all the information that you've got on file. you can go in there and you can update that information as soon as any changes have happened.
OK, I see. So any changes I can just update it?
Yes, sir.
OK, OK, I bet I can do that.
All right, s~.
OK, sir so is that all for you today again?
yes, I believe so. I think you covered everything. Let me see. Yes, I think, I bet you covered everything for me there ma'am. Sure appreciate all of your help.
OK.
All right, thank you so much Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name was Leslie, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you very much.
All right, bye bye.
Bye, Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How can I help you today?
yes I want to close my account and transfer the money funds to a different account that I have at that I have with you guys. A diff~.
All right sir so you want to close your existing account and make a internal transfer to another account you have with us?
Yes please.
All right sir. Before I can complete that request for you I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information firstly.
All right.
OK sir so to begin could I have your first last name and date of birth please?
Yes my name is Dale Walker my birthday is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
OK you said Dale Walker D A L E and your date of birth is ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes correct.
All right sir and for authentication purposes could I have your driver's license number please?
Yes my driving license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right sir you said it's six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes.
OK and for account security purposes could I have your name of your first pet, please.
Name of my first pet?
Yes sir.
Well.
Been a kind of while. Name is Skipper I believe.
All right yes that's the name we have on file Skipper.
All right.
OK sir so you wanted to go ahead and close out an account with us?
Yes please.
All right sir. What was that account type checking or savings?
Checking.
You want to close your checking account?
Yes.
All right sir. Could I have that checking account number please?
Yes it's five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
All right so you want to close out this checking account ? And what was the reason for your closure ?
I I didn't need this account anymore.
OK so you no longer need this account with us?
No Ma'am.
OK sir give me just one moment while I look up the account for you.
OK.
OK right here it says that your balance is currently one thousand two hundred fifteen dollars and sixty-five cents . And that's the amount that we could transfer to your other account sir.
All right.
All right and What was the type of account that you wanted to transfer to? Was that a checking or a savings with us sir?
It's a
It's another checking.
OK, sir, so you want to transfer to a different checking account?
Yes please.
OK.
Sir could I get that account number please?
Yes it's four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
OK sir to verify that account number was four nine three zero two eight four nine six one?
Yes.
All right sir gimme just one moment while I handle your request.
OK.
OK sir. I have already done the transfer for you. That account closure will take effect in the next twenty-four hours since it was a checking account if you have a debit card that was connected with that account it will be deactivated so it will no longer be accessible from this point forward. We have transferred one thousand two hundred and fifteen dollars and sixty-five cents into your new account, sir. That is immediate and it's already ready for you to be able to utilize at any time now I also have a confirmation for you for this transaction in case you have any questions later. Will you like to take that down?
Yes please.
All right sir that confirmation number is nine one five.
Nine one five.
Three three zero.
Three three zero.
Seven six nine.
Seven six nine.
Five four oh oh.
Five. Can you please can you the last digits?
Yes sir that was five four oh oh.
Oh five four oh oh?
Yes sir. Would you like me to repeat the entire number for you?
All right yes please if you don't mind.
All right sir that number was nine one five three three zero seven six nine five four oh oh.
Oh OK. I got it.
All right.
All right, and like I said, that will be available for you immediately.
Is there anything else I can help you with today, sir?
OK, you said available immediately?
Yes, sir. It is available immediately until the account that you into your new account sorry.
OK.
OK and the other account is already closed?
Yes sir that has been deactivated for now. Like I say your checking any check books or anything that you have they'll no longer be useful.
OK.
So please dispose of them completely so there is no issue with unauthorized activity on this account.
OK I'll go ahead do that right now. Thank you for your time.
All right sir so is that all I can do for you today?
Yes Ma'am .
All right thank you so much Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again my name was Lesley. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you bye bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Keisha, and how may I help you today?
Hey Keisha. How are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well ma'am, thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
Oh I'm doing great thank you. The reason that I am calling I was going to see if I could do an internal transfer and transfer some money from my checking account into my savings account.
Why yes ma'am. I'd be more than happy to help you out with that today. I do need to get a little bit of information from you though so I can pull up your account. May I have your first and last name please?
sure. It's Christine Robertson. R O B E R T S O N.
All right. Thank you for that Miss Robertson. And may I also have your date of birth please?
Sure. It's July the eleventh nineteen seventy-two.
All right. I have July the eleventh nineteen seventy-two. And may I have your drivers' licence number please?
sure. It's L six eight five three one nine nine eight five seven five.
All right. And I have L six eight five three one nine nine eight five seven five.
Yes Ma'am, that's correct.
All right Miss Robertson, thank you for that. And may I have the account number that you would like to withdraw the money from please?
Sure. It is my oh let me see. I'm sorry, we just opened up these accounts. I believe it's five four five nine five five one seven three. No. No, I'm sorry. It's five four five nine five five one three seven.
All right, thank you for that Miss Robertson. And how much would you like to transfer today?
Seven hundred and fifty dollars please.
All right, thank you ma'am. And I do need the the account number for the account you would like to deposit the money into.
OK. actually I'm so sorry, that's in the other room. Again like I said, we did just open up these accounts. Could you give me just one moment to grab that information?
Yes ma'am absolutely, just let me know when you're back.
OK thank you. Just one second.
OK, I'm back. I'm so sorry about that.
Oh that's not a problem whatsoever. I'm ready for that account number when you are.
OK. It's gonna be seven nine one eight seven three three eight two.
All right. I have that as seven nine one eight seven three three eight two.
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
All right, thank you Miss Robertson. Give me just one moment and let me get this this processed for you .
OK, great. Thank you.
All right Miss Robertson. I do have that seven hundred and fifty dollars transferred from your checking. Number five four five nine five five one three seven. Into your savings account number seven nine one eight seven three three eight two. Is there anything else that I could help you with today?
yes ma'am actually while I have you on the phone, could I go ahead and check the balance of both of those accounts?
Yes ma'am, absolutely. Just to double check once again the checking you would like to check the balance for that's the five four five nine five five one three seven?
Yes ma'am.
All right. Thank you ma'am. Just one moment while I pull up that information. OK. I am showing that account balance as being two thousand nine hundred and eighty-five dollars and fifteen cents.
OK. So twenty-nine eighty-five fifteen?
Yes ma'am, that is correct. And you said you'd like to check the balance of your savings as well?
Yes ma'am please.
All right. And just to double check on that one as well, that was seven nine one eight seven three three eight two?
Yes ma'am.
All right. Just one moment while I pull up that information. All right. I do have that account balance as being seven thousand eight hundred two dollars and twelve cents.
OK. So seventy eight oh two twelve.
Yes ma'am, that is correct. Is there anything I could help you with today ?
No ma'am that will be all. You've been quite helpful.
Well thank you very much Miss Robertson and thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose, how may I help you this afternoon?
hi, Rose. My name is, Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good, Kim, thanks so much for asking. How are you?
I'm doing good. I need some help please. I am trying to open up a new checking account with you guys.
OK.
and I am I was trying to do it online and I'm having some problems, so I was calling to see if I could do that with you? and I also wanted to see if you have I couldn't tell online if you guys have any checking account where there aren't any fees?
OK.
Any
Options where there aren't any fees?
we do actually, and because you are. you don't have a. An account with us, do you? Prior to today?
No, mm-mm.
OK. because you are a new customer we actually have a a wonderful new account that we could open for you, that is free of interest charge, and also fees. So, if you would like me to get that started for you, I can.
Oh perfect, yes. That's exactly what I'm looking for.
All right, certainly. Bear with me just a moment.
OK, Kim. is your first name, Kimberly? Or just, Kim?
Nope. Just, Kim.
OK. what's your last name?
yeah my last name is, Johns. It's J O H N S.
OK, Thank you so much. And what is your date of birth?
it's April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
OK. And your social security number?
let I am having a brain fart.
Well, that's OK. We can go on past that and we can come back to the social security number. What about Let's set up your security question. All right, I do have some examples. we've got what is your mother's maiden name what is the name of your first pet or what street did you grow up on?
OK.
let's go and use, what street I grew up on.
All right, thank you so much. And were you able to get that social security card?
and the answer just to let you know, to the street I grew up on, it was Broadway.
OK, thank you so much.
and I'm still looking, I'm so sorry. I I can't believe I can't think of this number off the top of my head. Oh my gosh. I know it's one seven three seven three, but for the life of me I cannot think of the last four digits. hold on for one moment for me, Rose. Please?
That's OK.
Sure, take your time.
OK. Are you still there Rose?
I sure am.
Thanks so much for holding, I'm so sorry about that. I don't know what I I can't find my social security card, which I always keep in my wallet. I'm not sure what it is that I have taken it out the last time and now I've lost my mind as well because I can't think of what the number is. I. You know. I'm sure that I'm probably not going to be able to continue to open the account without that information. without the social security number.
Oh, no.
Unfortunately, no. And that's only because, you know, it is your most personal identifying information and we need that to be able to not only secure your account, but also be able to report for other things that you would need, business needs and things like that. However, I will be working today Let's see. Today is OK. I'll be working today until six p.m. So, if you should happen to find it, you are more than welcome to call back and ask for me. So we don't have to start this process all over again. I'm gonna keep your your information up on my screen and just minimize it in case you do get a chance to call back, OK?
Right, of course.
Oh OK, that would be great. Thank you so much. I'm sure it's around here someway somewhere so I'm gonna keep looking and I will give you a call right back once I Once I find my social social security card.
Sure, no worries Kim. I hope you do find it. I know that's very stressful when I can't find mine, I start freaking out thinking someone stole it from me, but Hopefully it's somewhere that's close by where you'll be able to locate it.
Right?
Yes, exactly. Well, I'll give you a call back as soon as I do. Thanks again.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day, Kim.
You too, bye bye.
Bye.
Hi thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is AJ how may I assist you today?
Good morning AJ how are you doing today?
I'm doing just fine ma'am! Thank you so much for asking and how about yourself?
I'm doing all right are you enjoying this beautiful fall weather?
I most certainly am about done with the heat so I'm looking forward to winter.
I love the changing of the leaves don't you?
Yes ma'am I sure do. I'm actually from South Georgia so we don't get a a whole lot of that but I would love to go up to the mountains again. We went a couple of years back and it was so gorgeous.
I was born in New York and the leaves up there are just so beautiful. I wish everybody could see it.
Yes ma'am and what can I help you with today Ms. Keller?
Well unfortunately I'll be switching banks and I no longer need to use this bank.
OK that's not a problem. Now were. Did you just wanna go ahead and close out your account with us?
Yes I need to close out my debit account.
OK were you actually referring to the checking account ma'am?
Oh did I say debit? I meant my checking I just use my debit card. I rarely write a a check any more.
Oh that's not a problem whatsoever. let's see. I do need to get a little bit of information from you so I can pull up your account. may I have your first and last name as well of as your date of birth please?
Yes ma'am my first name is Missy M I S S Y. My last name is Keller K E L L E R. And I was born on August the tenth nineteen fifty-eight.
OK so I have your first name as Missy M I S S Y last name Keller K E L L E R. And your date of birth as August the tenth nineteen fifty-eight?
That's correct.
OK thank you so much for that information Ms. Keller. And may I have you driver's license number please?
Yes ma'am my driver's license number is T T like in Tom three two oh one one one three three seven oh nine.
OK so that was T as in Tom three two zero one one one three three seven zero nine?
Correct.
OK great thank you! And I also see that we do have a security question on file for you may I have your favorite color please?
I love pink.
OK great thank you for that. And may I have the account number that you would like to close today?
Yes ma'am. My checking account number is six nine six one three five two eight oh one.
OK so that was six nine six one three five two eight zero one?
That's correct.
OK thank you Ms. Keller. Now I am showing that this account has a balance of two thousand one hundred thirty-four dollars and fifty-eight cents.
That's correct I think.
OK OK that's good to hear. now what would you like to do with this balance? If you let's see. Did you have another account where you're going to that you would. That you would like to have this money deposited into? Or would you like to come in and just withdraw it?
Ma'am I'd like to put it in my new account .
OK that will be no problem whatsoever. what type of account will that be?
A checking account.
OK and do you have that routing number by chance?
Yes ma'am three one eight five two nine six seven four.
OK so that was three one eight five two nine six seven four?
Yes ma'am.
OK wonderful thank you Ms. Keller. And do you have that I'm sorry that account number?
You mean my checking number?
Yes ma'am the new checking account number where you would like the two thousand one hundred thirty-four dollars and fifty-eight cents to be deposited.
Yes ma'am hold on just a second.
Sure no problem ma'am take your time. Just let me know whenever you're back.
Oh here it is.
OK go ahead when you're ready.
Oh two oh two eight three one five seven zero.
OK so that was zero two zero two eight three one five seven zero?
Correct.
OK thank you so much Ms. Keller And just to let you know after I do get this processed you should be able to access the money in your new account within the hour. About an hour hour and a half is that OK?
Yes ma'am that will be fine.
OK great thank you so much Ms. Keller give me just one moment while I get this processed for you. OK I do have this all processed for you Ms. Keller and I do have your checking account I'm sorry checking account that ends in eight zero one. I have that all closed for you. And I do have the two thousand one hundred forty-four dollars and fifty-eight cents transferred over to your new account that ends in five seven zero. Was there anything else that I can help you with today?
No ma'am, thank you.
All right thank you so much Ms. Keller. Thank you for choosing Intellibank have a wonderful day.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank in help hotline. How may I help you today?
Oh yeah hi good evening. my name is Sarah Jones and I was looking to do a wire transfer today.
Oh, not a problem Mrs. Jones. I would gladly able to assist you with that for authentication purposes can you please verify your first and last name?
Oh sure, Sarah Jones.
Thank you so much Mrs. Jones. May I please have your date of birth.
Sure that's not a problem. That's zero, one, zero, one.
Mrs. Jones are you there?
Yes, I apologize. It must be my my service. It's zero, one, zero, one nineteen eighty-eight.
Thank you so much for verifying that information for me Mrs. Jones. And for for security purposes can you please verify your mother's maiden last name?
sure. that was Smith.
Thank you so much Mrs. Jones.
And you said you're interested in doing a wire transfer, is that correct?
yeah that is correct. I was interested in doing a wire transfer.
I I would gladly be able to assist you with that. In order to complete this wire transfer I'm gonna need your bank account information, do you have that available in front of you.
yeah I do. It's not right in front of me. Just give me one brief moment I gotta grab it out of my purse, do you mind?
Sure, that's not a problem.
Thank you so much.
Not a problem Mrs. Jones whenever you're ready.
OK darling, I'm ready to go.
OK. In order to begin I'll need your withdrawal bank account number.
OK. I have that in front of me. That is one, eight, nine, zero, zero, zero, one.
Thank you so much for verifying that information for me. And how much money are you looking to withdrawal from this account to complete this wire transfer.
I would like to do fourteen hundred please.
Not a problem Mrs. Jones. And what type of wire transfer is this gonna be? A domestic or international?
This will be a domestic wire transfer for this evening.
Not a problem Mrs. Jones.
OK.
In order to go ahead and complete this wire transfer, can you please provide me with the account deposit number?
Oh, sure not a problem. And when you say account deposit number Oh, OK yes I see it on my phone. Just give me one brief moment to read it out. OK I have it right here. One, two, three, four, one, two, three, zero, zero, one,
Thank you so much for providing that information for me. Now can you please provide me with a deposit account number.
Oh, sure not a problem I can pull that up for you. Just go get my form over here. OK, it is four, zero, one, one, one, two, five, five, two.
Thank you so much Mrs. Jones for verifying that information for me. Let me go ahead and complete your transaction, just give me one brief moment. OK Mrs. Jones I was able to complete that wire transfer for you today.
Oh. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.
Do you have any other more questions I can assist you with today Mrs. Jones?
yeah I actually I was looking to see how I can figure out what time the local branch near my home. What are their hours? Can you provide me with that information?
Sure not a problem Mrs. Jones. Please verify your street address for me.
sure. That's eight thousand Peter Parker Way.
Thank you so much Mrs. Jones. Can you please provide me with your city and state?
yeah. That's Encant in Georgia.
Oh, wow you live in a beautiful state. I love visiting the mountains in Georgia, it's so pretty.
Oh yeah darling. I love having the four seasons over here. The snow, the winter, the fall. Things of that nature. It's just wonderful to live here with seeing my grandkids and things of that nature and going to the apple farm and pumpkin patch and all that. They just love it, they eat it up. Every time.
Well that's so sweet and nice to hear. OK Mrs. Jones I was able to verify that you have two local branches near your home based off the address you gave me.
Oh, that's wonderful. I would just like to have the closest address to my home. I just need to know what times they are they operating.
Not a problem Mrs. Jones. They're open Monday through Friday from eight a.m. to six p.m.. Saturday and Sunday they're open from twelve p.m. to five p.m..
Oh. That's just wonderful wonderful wonderful. Do they have an ATM at that location? I know some banks they have ATMs inside or they just kinda got rid of them. Can you verify and let me know if there's ATMs at that location?
Sure, not a problem Mrs. Jones. Just give me one brief moment. Yes, Mrs. Jones after verifying that information that branch I just gave you the address to. They do have ATMs available. there's one that's a drive through and one that's actually inside located in the building. In order for you to access the one inside the building you'll need your debit debit card to enter the building. And they ATMs are available for twenty-four hours access for you to use.
Oh, that's just wonderful! Thank you so much!
Not a problem Mrs. Jones. Is there anything else you need help with?
I don't think so darling. I think got everything you know completed. My main thing was the wire transfer, so thank you so much for helping me with that this evening.
Not a problem Mrs. Jones I'm glad I was able to assist you. Should you should you have any other questions or any concerns please feel free to give us a call back. We'll be gladly able to assist you.
Oh. Well thank you so much.
Not a problem. Thank you for banking with Intellibanking, have a great evening.
You do the same darling, thank you!
You're welcome. Bye bye.
Click. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is David. How can I help you today?
Hey, David, how do you like this nice fall weather? Isn't it great?
Well, where I'm at has actually been pretty once other than rain the past couple days. what can I do for you today?
Well, I need to find me a couple of ATMs in Salem. I'm going up there for Halloween and I don't like carrying a whole lot of money on me, but I still like to have a little bit of cash if possible. So, I'm looking for an ATM.
I can definitely help you with that. do you happen to have an address where you'll be staying, or
Actually, man. Just a minute. Let me find it.
OK.
Oh, blazes. Where is that place at? yes, I'm going to be staying at one six zero. You're gonna love this. Witch Ave.
One six zero Witch Ave.
In Salem, Mass.
And I take it that would be spelled W I T C H?
That would be spelled W I T C H.
OK. All right, I see the address here. well, we do not have any branches in Salem itself, however, a couple options. You can There looks to be one of our sister credit unions on. Looks like it'd be seventeen twenty-three Davis Avenue.
OK, seventeen twenty-three Davis?
Yes, that's also in Salem.
OK.
and that's actually a full service credit union that is in our network. you should be able to do any withdrawals or deposits at their ATMs.
OK.
Also, if, if you see any Cashpoint ATMs, those are also affiliated with our network.
Is there a fee for that?
For the Cashpoints there will be a one dollar transaction fee. if you do a balance check it's fifty cents. I don't believe that the Cashpoint itself takes anything out for it. It's just being a transfer from ours, we do have the one dollar since it's not the actual branch.
OK.
The, the credit union one should be fine. There should be no transaction fees on that one.
And could you check the balance in my checking account, please?
Checking account balance. if I can get your name?
It's Ellen Bettisini.
Bettisini?
Bettisini.
date of birth, please?
That would be two twenty-seven seventy-three.
All right. It looks like I may have found your accounts. Can I get for security purposes, the name of your first pet?
The name of my first pet was Spooky.
OK. Oh, yep, that works. OK, and you said on your checking account?
Please.
That is seventeen hundred twenty-three dollars eighty seven cents.
OK, could you tell me if a deposit of seven hundred and forty two dollars in pending?
It looks like it is pending. That should be through at the end of the business day today, so funds should be available be available tomorrow.
OK. Oh, choo. Man, I can't wait to go up there this weekend. sorry about that. I've been planning for this weekend for quite a while now.
.
That's, that's, that's fine, I've heard a lot of people that go up there have a. Have a great time. just to let you know, there is a daily withdrawal limit at the ATM of five hundred dollars.
So.
OK.
Is there anything else I might be able to help you with?
Not that I'm aware of. I think that pretty much covers it. you did say the end of day for that deposit, correct?
It should, should finish posting by the end of the business day toady and be available tomorrow. you actually if you go online, you can check out our website, and you'll see whether or not that has posted. And also, there should be a, on the right hand side, where the menu options there should be a way to find an ATM just based on your location, if you're using, say, a cellphone.
Great.
OK.
and that will help you find any of the other affiliated branches, PLUS network, or our Intellibank network.
That'd be great. Thank you so much.
Not a problem. if there's any other questions or concerns, feel free to call us.
OK, I will. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Have a good day. Bye.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hello this is Charlene speaking, and I have an issue regarding my address since I just recently moved and my mail keeps being sent to my old mail whereas I'm at a new place right now.
OK, I see. So you'd like to update your address.
Yes I would like to change my address.
All right, no problem. I can take care of that for you. First can I get your name and date of birth please?
OK, my name is Charlene Peterson and my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December, nineteen ninety.
All right, thank you. And can I get your account number please?
One second let me look at. Let me look for the card.
OK. My account number is.
OK.
Yes?
Three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right, thank you so much for that Charlyn. I'm also going to ask you a security question to verify your identity. So, what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Taylor T A Y L O R.
All right, thank you so much for that. Can I also get your credit card number please?
OK.
The number is four nine two nine three eight one three two seven five five two two two oh.
All right thank you so much, and can I please verify the old address that you need to change?
nine three three Brookside Street oh let me start again sorry. Nine three three Brookside Street. city in Texas. And the code is seven five zero four one.
All right, thank you so much for that. Now I can go ahead and update your new address, so if you could please tell me your updated address.
OK my new address is seven eight seven three Woodland Street in Houston, Texas. And the code is seven seven zero two six. Excuse me.
All right, no problem. I have went ahead and updated your address.
Oh OK, that's nice. How is the weather over there?
Oh the weather is so nice lately. How's the weather with you?
It's. It's OK over here also.
It's pretty hot lately where I am, but I love the hot weather.
it's better to be warm than cold.
Yes it's very.
Yes absolutely, I absolutely hate the cold.
So I was wondering about the returns card. Do you offer it at at at the bank?
Oh returns card did you mean our rewards card?
Yes.
Yes we offer rewards cards so what they are is they're a type of credit card and whenever you use them to spend or make a transaction you receive rewards so about one to five percent rewards for each purchase.
Oh that's nice, and how can access one or get access to one?
So you can apply for one online on our website at Intellibank dot com. They have online all of the information for the rewards cards, all the fees and everything associated with it. And there's a little button under the page of the rewards cards page and the button will say apply. So you can go ahead and click that and apply for the rewards card.
Oh thank you I'll do just that.
Yeah, no problem. And Charlene is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, that's all for today.
All right, no problem. Take care.
OK you too, have a nice day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Rachel how may I help you?
Hello, I'd like to open a bank account please.
OK, may I have your full name and your date of birth?
Yes I'm Margaret Hanson.
My date of birth is July tenth, nineteen eighty-one.
Thank you. Now, may I have your social security number?
Oh, do you need that for me to open a bank account?
Yes ma'am we do.
OK then, it's three one zero one seven four six nine nine.
And just to verify, your social is three one zero one seven four six nine nine.
Yes, that's correct.
And, what type of account did you want to open with us today?
I'd like to open a checking account.
OK great. To verify your identity for future transactions, we'll need to to establish a couple of security questions. Is that OK?
Oh yes, OK.
The first security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Jennings.
And how do you spell that?
It's spelled just like it sounds, J E N N I N G S.
And the second security question is, what is your favorite vacation spot?
Oh my goodness, my favorite vacation spot is Italy.
I've never been but it's on my bucket list.
Yes, you should go
If I ever get the time.
I hope you do.
Margaret, I see here that you have a savings account with us?
Would you like to transfer the money from your savings account to your new checking account?
Yes I would please. I would like to transfer one thousand dollars from my savings account, into this new checking account I'm opening today with you.
OK, great.
And
would you like physical cheques mailed to the address we have on file for you?
Yes I would. I would like a small amount, just fifty cheques.
OK great. And your new account number is, zero two one six three nine nine seven. Again that's.
Oh. O~
OK OK, let me right that down please.
I can repeat it again if you would like?
Yes, I appreciate it.
Zero two one six three nine nine seven.
OK, I got it. Zero two one six three nine nine seven.
Yep.
Would you like to hear about our online and mobile banking options?
Well, would there be a fee for that?
No, it's of no charge.
OK, when I login is there a fee to use it?
No, there's no charge to use it.
Oh, OK. And can I just go to the website and make myself an online account?
Yes, of course you can.
OK, I'll look into that.
Is there anything else you need help with today ma'am?
That's all, thank you so much. I have my new account number, and when should I be receiving those cheques in the mail?
In about three to five business days.
Well that's great, marvelous.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome, have a good day.
You too, bye bye.
Bye
Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good. Thank you so much for asking and how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty good. I have a question for you. I was looking at my statement that I just received in the mail for the charges for last month and I see something on here that I don't recognize. that I don't recognize the amount or the the company that's charging me, so I'd like to actually dispute that transaction. I was wondering if you could help me with that.
Certainly. I can definitely help you with that. It's so frustrating when you find out you know something's definitely missing and you didn't take it.
Right. Right.
So let me ask you a few questions so we can get to the bottom of this for you. I know you said your name was Kim. Is that Kimberly or just Kim?
just Kim.
OK Kim. I need your last name and your date of birth.
Sure that's Johns. It's J O H N S and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. Thank you so much and I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
All right. Thank you so much. And the your address that we have on file?
Sure. My address is forty-nine Holland Drive. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine one zero one. but I I've I also have just moved. I think I went online and updated updated this, but my previous address is seventeen hundred Willowbrook Lane number three hundred. it's also Philadelphia, PA, but the ZIP is one nine one two seven.
OK that's the one that we actually have on file for you.
Oh OK. If we can would you be able to update that or do I need to go online?
Sure.
Certainly. I can take care of that. Bear with me just a few moments.
OK. Great. Thank you.
You're welcome.
OK Kim. The next thing I need from you is your account number.
sure. My account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. And the dollar amount we're disputing today?
Sure the the dollar amount is one hundred and ten dollars and sixty-seven cents. And the charge date was September seventh.
OK. And the reason you're disputing this is because well you basically didn't do this and you don't recognize the charge. Correct?
Right. Exactly.
OK. I just have to ask you a few more questions. They're gonna sound kinda silly but I do have to ask them because I have to get this information to the dispute department. OK?
Sure. No worries.
OK. So is there anyone else that has access to your account?
no. No one has has no one with my permission has access to my account, I should say.
And do you have any regular membership or subscription fees that come out of this account?
the only regular subscription I have that comes out is Netflix actually every month and that's you know that's only like, I don't know, something under twenty dollars, seventeen or eighteen dollars or something. so I know it's it's not affiliated with that.
OK and have you contacted the business that made this transaction?
I did try to look up the business name online but I didn't see a customer service telephone number anywhere. I did reach out via email and I've never got any type of response, so that's why I decided to call you guys to dispute it.
Certainly. OK. I do believe I have everything that I need from you Kim. What I'm gonna have to do now is put you on a brief hold because I need to get this over to the dispute department. We're gonna have to go ahead and not close your account. I apologize. We have to put a hold on your account so no further fraudulent transactions can take place and I have to get this information over to the dispute department so that we can start the investigation. OK?
Oh OK. No worries.
OK. Thank you.
OK Kim. I apologize for that hold. This transaction is now being investigated. OK and I just need to get a couple pieces of information from you just to make sure that we can contact you once the investigation is closed. The phone number and the email address that we have on file, can you please give those to me?
Sure. My phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five and my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
All right. Thank you so much. So we have put a hold on your account so you won't be able to use it until this is finished. However, that generally takes between three to five business days. So the department will be contacting you. they'll first send you an email and then someone will be calling you. they may need more information or not to get this taken care of. I did wanna let you know, and I don't know if you're aware of this with our our bank, if this is found to be a fraudulent transaction in fact the bank will cover that charge. They'll put that money back in your account. Oh so you're not gonna be missing any money.
Great.
OK great. Wonderful. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
OK.
You're very welcome Ms. Johns. Was there anything else that I could help you with?
no that's everything.
All right. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi, I'm calling because my card wouldn't work at the ATM the other day.
Oh, wow. I'm sorry to hear that. definitely be happy to take a look into that for you.
Wait, I'm sorry. You know what? I have a few cards that look alike. I might have put the wrong PIN number in. I do have another, another thing that you can help me with if you can. I wanted to check the balance of my bank account. I need to do a large order. And I wanted to make sure I had enough to cover the order.
OK.
Sure.
Absolutely, I will definitely be happy to help you with that. I just need to get you authenticated so I can release that information to you. All right, first, let's start with your first and last name, please.
My name is Hayley Parker. And I'm not sure which phone number that you guys have on file. I can give you both of them if that's OK.
OK.
The first one is three one five four four four two two three seven. And the second one is three one five four four four seven six nine two.
OK, yeah. We actually have the two two three seven that's on file with us. Do we need to change that or is that good?
Oh, no. That one's fine. Thank you for letting me know.
All right, and your date of birth, please?
Four fifteen, eighty-nine.
All right, and if could just verify your credit card number.
It is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Perfect. All right, and lastly, and the security question is, what is, was your first pet.
Oh, Jenkins.
Jenkins. I love that name. That's awesome. All right. And are you wanting to check the balance in your, of your checking account or your savings account?
My checking, please.
Your checking, OK. All right, so the checking account has a balance of one thousand five hundred and twenty-seven dollars and fourteen cents. Does that sound about right to you?
It does. I kind of thought around that area.
OK. No problem. All right.
Thank you
By any chance do you live in Florida?
I actually do. Yes.
How are you liking all of this heat?
I cannot stand it. I think the humidity is absolutely terrible. and if I have the opportunity I wanna move out of this state state.
I actually did leave this state and moved to South Carolina for about seven years and I just moved back.
Oh.
And I so regret it. I miss having four seasons.
Oh, my gosh. I can image. Yet, well maybe you'll go back.
I plan to. I really do.
Well, yeah. Down here, this, this heat is nothing to play with, you know, especially for people that aren't from here. You know, we have such a high number of heat strokes right now and, you know, dehydrated people going in the hospital, it's absolute craziness, you know.
Between the heat and the traffic and everything else, I'm just so ready to go back to a small town with cool weather.
What part of South Carolina did you come from?
A little itty bitty town called Cowpens. that literally has one stoplight.
Oh, wow. That sounds so like quaint. And peaceful.
It is. I miss it. Literally, at the one stoplight, there's a bank, a post office, a police department, and a restaurant.
Oh, my gosh. That sounds awesome. Well, hopefully, you know, see how things go down here and maybe you can go back up there. By the way, is there any other account that you would like to talk about?
no, I really just needed to check my checking.
OK, all right. would you like further information about online banking in order to check the balance more conveniently in the future?
Actually yes, if you could let me know a little bit more.
OK. well, there's two different options. You can go to the Intellibank dot com website and create a username and password, and answer some other, you know, personal information just to get you verified. or you can also download the Intellibank app through the App Store or the Apple Store, whichever phone you have. and you'll be easily able to check your balance at the you know, within thirty seconds. So it's a really great tool to use so if you, if you go ahead and do that. If you need any, any assistance you can feel free to give us a call back about that. is there anything else that I can assist you with today, Ms. Parker?
No, ma'am. That actually seems pretty easy.
OK. All right, great. Well, it's been a pleasure assisting you today and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You, too. And stay safe in this heat.
Thank you, I will. You, too. Bye bye.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy. I need to find an ATM ATM closest to me and I also need to update updated some information on my account.
OK. I'd be happy to help you with that. Let's go ahead and pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
Sure. My name is George Emory and my address is one fifty-three Pine Cone Circle. That's in Branson Missouri and ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you George. Can you verify your phone number for me?
Sure. My phone number it is six one two two two nine three nine zero nine and just in case you need it my email is G Emory at Hotmail dot com.
Perfect and verify the checking account number for me.
sure. Could you just give me a second while I go find it?
Sure.
OK I've got it. the number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
All right perfect and just for security what was the name of your first pet?
Wink.
Wink OK. You wanted the location closest to you?
Yeah.
Closest to Pine Cone Circle, correct?
yes please.
OK. So we actually have three locations within one mile of you. I've got an ATM at two twenty-eight Laverne Court an ATM at four ninety-six Macintosh Street. That is inside of a Super America gas station and then we have a non Intellibank ATM at seven forty-nine Hope Avenue and since that's non Intellibank there will be a four dollar non-refundable transaction fee.
is there a branch location closer to me?
There is. we have a branch location right around the corner at seven sixteen Jupiter Way. It's hours are Monday through Friday nine a.m. to five p.m. and Saturday ten a.m. to two and it's drive-through is open eight a.m. to six p.m. and Saturdays sorry Monday through Friday eight a.m. to six p.m. and Saturday nine a.m. to three p.m.. Now you said you also wanted to update some information?
Yes I'd like to update my email address.
OK. So we have G Emery at Gmail dot com. What would you like to change that to?
I'd like to change it to G F Emery at Gmail dot com please.
G F E M O R Y at Gmail dot com.
Yeah.
OK I've made that correction. Is there anything else I can help you with?
yeah could you change my address too please?
Oh you've moved?
yes.
OK and for a complete address change on the account let me just verify your social security number please.
Sure. It's four two one three eight four four eight one.
All right and what is that new home address?
It's one fifty-three Applebottom Way and that's also in Branson Missouri five five three two four.
OK. Did you wanna know the branch location that was located closest to that?
yes please.
OK. One moment while I look that up here.
OK so the branch location closest to one fifty-three Apple Bottom Way is eight eighteen Main Street East. It's about two miles from your house so it's a little more distance from your old location.
I do show that there's an ATM right around the corner though at two sixty-eight Pick Street inside the Target Target store there. Are you familiar with that?
Yeah, I think I know where that is.
All right and would you like any information regarding upcoming promotions and account offerings?
no but while I have you on the line could you check my balance for me please?
Absolutely. would this be your checking or your savings account balance?
My checking account.
All right. Your checking account balance is one thousand eight hundred thirty-two dollars and ninety-six cents and there's nothing currently pending so that is a final result. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
Nope that should do it.
All right George, you have a good day and thank you for calling.
You too bye.
Bye now.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Quinn. How can I help you?
Oh my God. Quinn. Help help me help me help me. I'm I'm sorry. I'm just a nervous wreck. I I have had a hell of a last twelve hours. And I I I I need a a lot of help.
Oh no. I'm so sorry. What is going on?
OK. so last night me and my friends. We were coming out of the club. And we were going to my car in the parking lot and we were robbed at gun point. And the the the person stole my wallet and got my credit card and and I I I even they took the keys. They didn't take my car but they took my key. Like I'm I'm just a mess. I don't know what to do right now.
Aww.
I am so sorry. I'm so so sorry. I'm here to help you. please bare with me. I have to ask you a bunch of questions which I'm sure you're not really in the mood for right now. But let's just take it slow.
have like. I. I. I. I. Let's. Let's take it slow. Let's help out. Let's Let's just. For a minute. Let's just soak in. Let's soak in. Like something stupid. Like the weather. Like. How's the weather where you are? Are are you here in Nashville. Like here. I'm not if you're familiar with Nashville? It rains a lot. So it's very gloomy a lot of the time.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm. I'm not in Nashville. I'm actually in Florence, Kansas. Oh. I think we have similar weather. It's kinda gloomy right here right now. It's a little chillier than it should be. yeah I think we do have similar weather. I. I've visited Nashville a lot. And yeah. I feel you. I. I feel like it it's a little gloomy here, too. As well.
OK. I'm. I'm. I'm.
I'm calming down a little. Even with the gloom of the rain but. it's just I'm very. I'm just very stressed out.
OK. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh. I totally understand. I'm so so sorry. can we please start out. Like I said. Let's just. We'll take our time No rush. Let's just start. Let me have your first and last name.
OK. The first name is Michael.
OK.
Last name is Cheeks.
And is that C H E E K S?
Yes.
OK. OK. And what's your date of birth?
May fifteenth.
Mhm.
Nineteen seventy-six.
OK. And your social please?
OK the social is. Two oh one. Seven nine. Six eight. Three four.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. And your account number? If you have that?
Oh. Hang on one second. Lemme I'm sorry. Hang. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on.
OK.
OK. I know.
Please take your time Mr. Cheeks. Just take your time. No problem.
OK. I I have it.
OK. When ever you are ready. Go ahead.
Alright. It's Zero six one.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Seven nine. Eight three six five four.
OK.
OK. And so. You would say that last night on the nineteenth is when it was stolen.
Yeah we were at Club Hill Vana.
Right.
OK.
And and like you know. I paid my bill in the club. And came out. and that's it. So that. I mean that's I should hope is the last charge on my card.
OK.
Mhm. Mhm.
And that's when that happened.
Correct.
OK. OK. Well first of all, let's just go ahead and cancel that.
OK.
I'm gonna go ahead and cancel this card right now before we get into anything else.
Please.
OK.
I'm canceling this. OK. And I'm also putting a note that it was stolen. Putting a little note of what happened in your account. And. OK. So I'm going to.
Like Like I mean seriously. Like. They they steal the card. How how much do they think they can get. Because they gotta figure the person's going to cancel the card.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Well unfortunately I'm really sorry but I know that you said last night was the last time that you used the card. But I'm looking the charges and someone used your card this morning at Best Buy.
Oh, no. No, no, no. No! No!
And they bought a laptop.
For three thousand dollars. I'm so sorry.
So now I have to pay for that?
No.
Absolutely not. So what we're are gonna do is. Please stay calm, Mr. Cheek. I'm so sorry. Stay calm. I'm gonna. We already canceled the card. I noted that. It was stolen. You were robbed. We know what happened. What's gonna happen now is we are gonna do an investigation. And we actually. If this makes you feel any better. We have caught ninety-seven percent of people who have been robbed. We've caught their assailants. we've caught them.
OK.
We can trace it. They have cameras at Best Buy. I know for a fact. It's really ironic because a woman called a few days ago. And for some reason whoever stole her card. They also went to Best Buy. So I don't know if that's like a thief thing. Where people want to go buy electronics.
I. I mean there's like.
Did the person. They were even wearing they like they were wearing the goofiest clothes. Like they were wearing. they were wearing what were those clothes in the in the ninety. Those baggy pants with the zebra stripes. They were wearing those pants.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Did you do police report?
Yeah yeah yeah. Of course. Yes.
OK. Yeah.
OK. Perfect. So What we're gonna do is. We are going to. So now this is gonna go into our investigations team. they work together with the police. now that I your. You know the account number and all that that happened. this is gonna be escalated. I'm escalating this. To our department that will handle this as an investigation. As a as a theft.
Now do I.
So.
Do I need to like file a dispute with Intelligent Bank? Or.
Oh no. It's Intellibank. Silly.
Oh oh.
I know. I'm sorry Mr. Cheeks. I know. You,
To me you guys are very. You guys are very Intellibank, so.
Yeah. It's Intellibank.
OK. No. This is gonna. I already escalated it. So you don't have to do anything. So like. Detectives and like our team will be in touch with you. about this so please look out for that as a phone call. But right now. As I said I. I canceled that card. So I'd like to send you a new card. just please when when you're ready. Just confirm your address for me?
OK.
OK.
It's three three five.
Mhm.
Harrison Avenue.
OK.
And that's Nashville, Tennessee.
OK.
That's three seven.
Mhm.
Two zero five.
OK. Perfect. So, I'm gonna send you the card. That will take about five to seven business days. in the meantime if you need cash. Unfortunately you're gonna have to go to your local branch. Do you know where that is?
Yes.
OK. I'm so sorry about what you have been through last night and today. And if you ever need anything please give us a call back. We are here for you. We are on the case. You will be hearing from us. please look out for our call. And is there anything else I can do for you?
That's everything.
OK. Thank you Mr. Cheeks. Please hang in there.
Thank you so much.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Hi, yes. I need to get some banking done and I'm hoping you can help me with that.
All right. Well I can definitely assist you. you've come to the right place. just give me one moment and I will bring up my system here.
Oh my gosh. I'm not. Sorry, not you. I'm watching the news. Did you hear about the SpaceX now allowing the human civilians to go into space?
You know what, I did hear about that. I think that is awesome. I would never do it personally, but I heard that William Shatner from Star Trek went on there. he just flew into space the other day. I mean, I think it's cool that they're allowing that finally, but you know, I it's that's too much for me. Millions of dollars.
That's fine. I don't care how much it is. I want both of my feet on Earth.
Same. I feel the exact same way. All right and what kind of banking do you need help with today?
All right. I need to make a transfer from my savings to my checking.
OK. All right. Well, I'll definitely be happy to assist you with that. I just need to get you authenticated real quick. what is your first and last name and your phone number please?
Hailey Parker and three one five four four four two two three seven.
Perfect and your date of birth?
Is four fifteen nineteen eighty-nine.
Thank you and your credit card number?
I forgot about that one. Hold on one second. Let me grab that.
OK. Take your time.
All righty. That number is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Thank you. And lastly for verification purposes, your security question just is your mother's maiden name please.
Brugerds.
Perfect. All right and which account will you be withdrawing funds from for the transfer today?
That is gonna be the account three four six seven two three nine.
All right. Just to confirm, three four six seven two three nine. Correct?
Correct.
OK. So I see your savings has an account balance of two thousand four hundred and fifty-five dollars. what kind of transfer would you like to make?
Yes. So, I would like to transfer a thousand of that to my checking account.
OK. We can do that. That's not a problem. Just need the routing number for the checking account that you're transferring to.
That is three four five eight seven six three two one.
Thank you and the account number for your checking account?
Two one one seven six five eight.
OK. So just to confirm both those pieces of information the checking account number is three four five eight seven six three two one and your account number is two one one seven six five eight. Is that correct?
Correct.
OK. Thank you. All right, so your checking account has a balance of eight hundred and fifty dollars. So we will be depositing the thousand dollars into your checking account. Your request will be finalized and completed within twenty-four to forty-eight hours.
OK, great. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome and is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Actually, there is. I've been hearing about the travel plus card that you have and I was wondering if you could tell me more about it?
Yes, absolutely. it's actually our traveler's card and it comes with a lot of perks. We have a lot of cash back incentives with specific retailers that we have agreements with and you can easily look at that information. And I can actually, if you'd like, if you provide me with your email address, I can send you more information about it and it gives you a list of all the retailers that we do business with that offer cash back incentives. and it can be a pretty, you know, lucrative card to have. if you would. Would you like an email about that information?
yes, please.
OK. if you would just provide me with your email address, I'll be happy to get that right over.
OK. My email address is Hailey Parker two two at Gmail dot com.
Perfect. All right, so I'll submit that. That'll be sent to you right away. And, it says it sent successfully. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No, ma'am. You've been such a great help. Thank you.
You're very welcome, and thank you for calling Intellibank. You enjoy the rest of your day.
You too. Mm, bye bye.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary, how can I help you?
Hello, this Peter Davis calling. I wanna do a wire transfer .
OK, Mr. Davis. I'd be happy to help you with that. Just a moment please while I pull up my screen.
All right, so is this to a bank here in the US?
No, it's in Europe.
OK, just a moment please, let me grab another screen for that.
OK, so how's your day going sir?
It's very good.
Nothing to complain.
That's good to hear, Mr. Davis.
And yours?
it's going just fine, quite busy today.
Nice.
OK sir so, let's see, let me type in some information.
And you said your name is Peter Davis. Is that exactly how want is it is on your account? Peter? OK.
Yes.
And can I get your mailing address?
it's Peter sixty-eight at Gmail dot com.
Sir, your mailing address, that's your email address it sounds like.
Oh, oh yeah. Maryland One thousand Maryland Street, Austin Texas.
OK, one thousand Maryland, Austin Texas.
Seven eight one two two.
Seven eight one two two. And you just gave me your email address, what is that again?
That is Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com .
Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com.
Correct.
OK and what account number will be be transferring this from?
That is five four three two one zero zero one two three.
OK, five four three two one zero zero one two three.
Yes.
OK sir, I before I can complete this any further.
Let me get a security code from you. Do you happen to know what it is that you set up?
Yes, Marlen.
OK, Marlen, can you please spell that for me?
M A R L E N.
Got it.
All right, and do you happen to have the last four digits of your social or your driver's license number?
I have my driver's license.
That is five zero zero two one four eight one.
five zero zero two one four eight one?
Correct.
All right.
And this will be coming from which account, your checking or your savings account?
My savings.
OK. How much are you going to send the wire transfer for?
Twelve and a half thousand.
Twelve and a half thousand, OK sir.
And do you have the receiving bank that you are going to be sending this to?
Yeah.
OK,
That is ING.
OK and what city and country is that?
It's in Holland in Europe.
OK, do you have the exact city?
no.
OK so, Holland.
Yeah, the Netherlands.
OK, Netherlands. OK.
And let me see if I can pull up ING in the Netherlands. Yes!
They're everywhere.
Yes sir, I found it. OK, do you have the account number this wire transfer is going to?
Yeah, that is I N no no no it's I B A N.
OK.
N L.
OK.
I N G.
OK.
Six five one eight seven one two two four five four.
OK sir, let me repeat that to you. It's I B A N N L I N G six five one eight seven one two two four five four.
Correct.
OK and can you tell me the person's name that will be receiving this?
Yes that is J A N S S E N.
J A N S S E N.
Yes.
OK. Is there any other information I need on that name?
Oh maybe his front-name, that is Beah.
OK.
Beah, got it.
OK sir, so wire transfers usually take about four hours to finalize if it's international.
And there is a small fee for that, we do charge ten dollars. Is that all right sir?
Yeah, that's not a problem.
OK, so Mr. Janssen will be receiving that within the next four hours. Let me get that confirmation code for you.
OK.
OK, so it's A five four six two one B.
OK, I got it.
OK and I can also send that to you via email so you can have your confirmation in case there's any issues with that but like I said he'll be getting that in the next four hours.
Yes, please.
OK. Yes, through email please.
OK, so I've sent that over. You should be receiving it shortly. is there anything else I can help you with, sir?
Yes.
I'm looking for nearest bank branch.
OK sir, let me pull that up for you.
and so are you you're on in Austin Texas?
Yes, I'm in Maryland Street.
OK, sure. We only have one in Austin, unfortunately, we only have one Intellibank there.
And it's on Research and Duval Street.
Oh, I know that.
OK, would you like me to provide that the direct street address or any directions to get there?
No no, I know that, my sister lives there.
OK, perfect sir.
we also offer online banking. Would you like any information regarding that?
No, not necessary.
OK sir, well thank you for calling Intellibank and I'm glad we were able to help you with your wire transfer today.
If you have any other questions, please do not hesitate to call us and my name is Mary.
Give us a call if you need us.
OK, thank you very much.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Madeline. How can I help you?
Yes hi. you know I've got a little bit of an issue here.
Oh. How can I help you?
Yes. I wanna close one of my accounts here.
Oh OK. Not a problem. I can assist you with that. before we go any further I do need to know your first and last name please.
Yes. My name is Anastasia Hoffman.
Thank you Miss Hoffman. And can I get your date of birth please?
Yes. It is oh three twelve seventy-eight.
Thank you. And can I get your driver's license number?
Oh sure. Three three two one five H seven J M three three three. Oh and my mother's maiden name is Petrov.
Oh thank you. Well that certainly gets us where we need to be here. All right. So I've got all of this and now you said you wanted to close an account. Is this going to be a checking or a savings account?
No it's one of my savings accounts. Yeah I have it in there and I had to take some money out of it a couple of months ago for a little bit of an emergency and you have to keep a certain minimum balance in there and I don't have that minimum balance you guys keep charging me every month a fee and I haven't been able to bring it back up passed the minimum balance so I just want to close the account and transfer that money into another account that I have that you guys don't charge any fees.
OK. And now I do see you have three accounts here that are marked as savings accounts which one is it and can I get the account number on that one?
Yes. It's the it's the one it's three three four six seven two three two two.
OK. Thank you. And let me look here. OK. All right. I see that you do have two hundred and fifty in there and that is an account that we do require at least five hundred in there because it's a money market account. So I would be happy to go ahead and transfer this. Do you want this to be transferred over into one of your other savings accounts or do you want it in your checking account?
No I'll put it in my savings account the one that ends in six seven four nine.
OK. Can I get that full number for security reasons please?
Oh
OK. Five two three four four six seven four nine.
OK. All right. So right now that account has one thousand three hundred in it. OK? So with this two hundred and fifty that'll bring it up to fifteen fifty.
Oh OK.
OK. Let me go ahead and change this over for you. OK. So just to confirm you want to completely close the savings account at that other savings account?
Completely closed please.
OK.
Now you will not have the money market account services on these other two. Would you like to convert one of those maybe to a money market account?
Oh, no. Not right now. Not right now. Let me get some more saved first because in case I have pull it out like I did before I don't want to pay fees.
OK. Understandable. All right. So I've gone ahead and closed that for you. your confirmation number on that closure is going to be X Y V three three seven eight two.
OK. Good. And that's X Y V as in Victor?
Yes.
Three three seven eight two?
Yes.
OK. I got that.
OK. And do you want me to look into any of your other accounts would you like to look at your account balances any other things that I can assist you with here?
Well,
I'm wondering, is there any way that I can do this myself in case I need to go ahead and close another account or transfer some funds? Is there some way I can do online banking? Do you guys have that capability?
Yes. Actually we do have a very wonderful online banking system. I'm amazed that you wanted get information on that. I would be happy to set you up with one cuz I currently do not show that you even have our email alerts or anything.
No no. I just don't I'm not really familiar with this modern social technology things that you guys have. I try to stay away from it a little bit.
OK. Well you know it it's actually a very helpful tool to have. So if I could get your email address please.
Yes certainly. It's A N A H O F F one at Z mail dot com.
Z like zebra?
Yes it is.
OK. I'm gonna send you a test email just to make sure that it goes through correctly. Are you near your computer?
Yes just a second. One second. OK. Yeah here we go. Right here.
OK. I'm gonna send it right now. Let me know when it arrives please.
Okey-dokey. oh. There it is there it is. I got it.
OK. Perfect. All right. So I'm gonna go ahead and send you another email. This is going to outline how to go ahead and set up an account with us. It's very simple. there are some important pointers to know about this though. When you set up a password please make sure it's at least eight characters long and that it has a capital letter at least two numbers and a special character.
OK.
OK?
OK.
Then once you do that it literally will give you step by step from there on how to set up everything and you can make your preferences as far as like email alerts and then it will also let you walk through how to set up your accounts that are already there because it's just gonna give you basic information. So if you want full access to everything it'll walk you through all of that. And all it is is just point and click.
Oh, OK.
Sounds good. I can do that.
All right. Anything else I can help you with Miss Hoffman?
No I think that's it. I'm gonna go ahead and play around in here in this on the on the online on your website.
OK. Well I am very happy to have been able to have been some assistance for you. thank you again for calling Intellibank. You have a wonderful day.
You too. Thank you for your help.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy. I need to find the closest branch location.
OK, I'd be happy to help you locate the closest branch to you . What is an address that I can do the search for?
it's eight thirty-four Main street in Las Vegas, Nevada. And the ZIP code is eight eight nine one two.
Thank you. One moment while I go ahead and do that search. Looks like we've got two locations within one mile of you. The first one is at two twenty-eight Lavern Court. And the second one is at four ninety-six Macintosh Street. Does that help you out?
yeah, but could you also tell me the hours?
Absolutely. looks like they both have the same hours. That lobbies, the lobbies are open Monday through Friday, nine a.m. to five p.m.. Saturday, ten a.m. to two p.m.. The drive throughs are open Monday through Friday, eight a.m. to six p.m.. Saturday, nine a.m. to three p.m.. They both have ATMs available in their lobbies or in their entryways. those are available twenty-four seven and may accept check and or cash deposits. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
yeah, while I have you on the line could you also check my account balance?
Absolutely. I'd be happy to check your balance . Let's pull open your account. And what is your name and address please?
My name is George Emery. I live at one fifty-three Pine Cone Circle in Branson Missouri. And my ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you. And your phone number?
It's six one two two two nine three nine zero nine.
Thank you. And can you verify your date of birth and your first pet's name please?
What's all these questions? Isn't that enough? I have to answer these questions every time I call you guys.
Yes, I understand, Sir. However, we ask these questions verifying your account to ensure you are indeed who you are. This is for your protection. It's for the security of your personal information and your funds.
Yeah, I know, fine. Whatever.
All right. Thank you for your patience, Sir. Again, what was your date of birth and first pet's name?
September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine. And my pet's name was Wink.
Wink. Thank you. And can you verify your account number for me?
sure. Can you give me a second to go get that?
Absolutely. Take your time.
I'm sorry about this Daisy but I seem to have misplaced my bank papers. is there any other way that I can verify my account?
Sure. What is the last four of your social?
It's forty-four eighty-one.
Great. And your balance is eight thousand four hundred and ten dollars and sixty-two cents. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
yeah. I was looking at your website the other day and I noticed you have online banking. And when I try to log in it I didn't have access.
OK. Oh, Yeah, I can explain that to you. Now I just want to clarify. This was your first time attempting to log in to our website?
Yeah.
OK. Yeah, for the first time using the Intellibank online banking you'll have to click the first time users enroll here link. Then you'll read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number, your social, your date of birth, excuse me, and you'll have to create a password. Now once you are logged in you'll be prompted to choose and answer five security questions and also enroll in the one time security code feature. Does all of this make sense to you?
yeah. Yeah, I think so.
Good, you know once you get that access to the online banking you can do money transfers, bill pay, you can download your monthly statements. It's all there, easy peasy for you to do it. bill pay you can set up to recur and automatically come out of your account so you never have to pay late fees on all of your bills. Did you have any other questions or concerns for me today?
with that online banking, would I be able to update my account information like my phone number and address?
Yes, Sir. Everything will be there and you'll have access to make any any changes you need to.
OK, sounds great.
All right. Well, is there anything else I can help you with today, George?
Nope, that's it.
OK. Have a great day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
You too. Bye.
Bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie, how can I help you today?
Yeah, I got a problem with my Intel bank account. I got a statement in the mail and I didn't buy anything at a furniture store.
OK sir, so you're Intellibank statement shows a transaction you don't recognize?
yeah, that's it.
OK sir, so you would like to dispute that transaction with us then?
yes, yes. I would like to do that.
OK sir. before I can complete your request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account first.
All right.
All right sir, can I have your first and last name please?
First name Dale, last name Walker.
D A L E Walker?
Yes.
All right sir, can I have your date of birth?
Date of birth is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
OK, that is ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK sir, and for authentication purposes, could you give me your credit card number on file please?
yeah, hold on please. I need to find it.
All right sir, take your time.
All right.
Yes, my credit card number is four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight.
OK sir, you gave that number as four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight.
Yes.
All right sir. And for account security purposes, could I get your childhood street address please?
My childhood street address is Is three nine seven four Rosewood Lane and my social security number is four digits of social security number is seven oh three nine. You guys usually ask me for that, that's why I gave it to you.
OK sir, thank you very much. We have both of those on file. and so, so you need to dispute a transaction?
yes. Yes.
OK sir, can I get the dollar amount of that transaction?
it's four thousand.
Four thousand! Oh my goodness. Can I get the date of your transaction please?
yeah, it's nine nine twenty-five.
OK, so that is the twenty-fifth of last month?
Yes.
Oh my, I think I'd dispute that transaction too, if I didn't recognize it.
All right.
And so so so if I were to dispute this, do I have to pay any fee now? and how long will it take?
yes sir. you won't have to pay any fee right now, it'll take anywhere from one to ten business days for us to handle that whole dispute interaction and we'll give you those results after the investigation.
All right, cuz they order a lot of furniture. They order couple thousand worth of furniture. bought it, I don't know what it's about.
Oh no. OK sir, just to make sure, does anybody else have access to this account?
not if I know of.
OK, so you don't you don't recognize anything about the transaction, not even the business?
Not even the business.
OK, and you're sure this isn't part of a membership or subscription you set up?
No. No, I remember all of that.
OK, did you have any contact with the business?
no, I didn't do that.
OK. OK sir, well I have all the necessary information on file so that I can go ahead and escalate this transaction and I'm gonna escalate and send it to our fraud department. Like I told you before, it'll take anyone from anywhere from one to ten business days to complete the investigation. we will notify you in writing of the results of the investigation. In the meantime, we have put a hold on the transaction, we've also locked the card to make sure that any investigation won't be mishandled due to additional fraudulent activity, and we've also sent notification to the charging party.
Oh, thanks very much. Man, I man I'm telling you my day has been something else. I'll tell you the truth. So how your day been so far?
Oh, it's been pretty good. I'm so sorry about this transaction, sir. That is just very terrible to hear.
I know, thank you.
I hope this actually works out for you. I would hate for you to end up with a four thousand dollar bill off of something you couldn't even enjoy.
Exactly. I don't even need that furniture.
All right sir, I have a confirmation number for you right here so you can write this down.
All right.
That's just in case you have any further information about this transaction dispute before you actually get the paperwork in the mail.
All right.
OK, that number is three zero five one five three nine nine two six seven zero.
Three zero five.
One five three.
Nine nine two.
Six seven zero.
OK. So if you have any further questions just feel free to contact us and provide that confirmation number.
I've got it.
Thank you very much, ma'am.
OK sir, will that be all for you today?
Yes, yes ma'am.
Thank you so much Mister Walker for your time and patience. Again, my name is Leslie, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right, thank you Leslie.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy, my name is George. I'm calling because I have a flat tire and can't get to my branch.
Oh no, let's see if I can help. What is it you were hoping to do today?
I just wanna move some money around.
are you thinking of doing a wire transfer from say your checking to your savings?
I could do that but I was actually hoping I could transfer money from my wife's account. I want her to pick a tire up on her way home from work so, just so I could swap it out.
OK, do you and your wife both have separate accounts with Intellibank?
Yeah.
Oh I see. OK George, I'd be happy to help you today, let's pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
My name's George Emery, and I live on one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson, Missouri, five five three two four.
Thank you. Your date of birth?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And what is the name of your first pet?
Wink.
Wink, thank you. And please confirm your checking account number.
Sure, it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Thank you. Is this the checking account you'd like to move the funds from?
Yes.
Great. Your current balance is six thousand four hundred and ten dollars and fifty-two cents. How much are we gonna transfer to your wife's account?
Seven hundred and fifty dollars. You know I, that should cover a tire or two.
Yeah it should. All right is her account checking or savings?
Checking.
OK may I have the account number please?
It's zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
One moment George, I'm gonna put this information together and then I'll have you confirm it all for me.
OK, take your time.
All right, here's the information. George Emery is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of seven hundred and fifty dollars from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven to his wife's checking account, number zero zero one six three nine three three one eight. Is this correct?
Yes.
Great. It'll be just a moment and I'll have a confirmation number for you.
OK. How's your day going Daisy?
Pretty good, how about you George?
Oh I think I already told you how my day's going, I have a flat tire.
Aww. That's the strangest thing, you just woke up and there was a flat tire? Are you parked in your driveway?
It happened as I was pulling out of my driveway, I think I ran over a stone.
Oh I see. That's unfortunate.
Yeah.
Well George, I have this transaction number ready for you to write down. Do you have a pen?
Yeah, got it right here.
OK that number is eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
OK, eight nine nine one two seven three one two?
Yep, you got it. And then your final balance in your checking account is five thousand six sixty and fifty-two cents. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Could you repeat that really quick? What was my final balance and also can you check why I can't log in online?
Your balance and why you can't check in online, sure. Yeah I'd be happy to help you with that. So again, your balance is five thousand six hundred and sixty dollars and fifty-two cents. And have you successfully logged on previously?
No I haven't been able to.
Oh I see. Yeah it shows here that you haven't activated your account login. So let me pull up that information and I'll explain that to you.
OK.
So if this is your first time using Intellibank's online banking click the first time users enroll here link. Read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number, your social security number, your date of birth and then create a password. Once you're all logged in you'll be prompted to choose the choose and answer five security questions and also enroll in the one time security code feature. Does this make sense?
yeah.
All right, would you like me to email that information to you?
Yes please.
And is your email still G Emery at Gmail dot com?
Yeah.
OK. I have sent that information, you should receive that email shortly. If you look at that and have any questions or concerns, of course just feel free to give us a call back.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all.
All right, well thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
Thank you, you too. Bye.
Thank you, bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Crystal, how may I assist you today?
Hey Crystal, how are you doing?
I'm doing just fine. Thank you so much for asking, ma'am. And yourself ?
Oh, I'm great thank you. I'm actually sorry to bother you about this on the phone. But I was calling to see if you could help me find a branch location near me.
Sure, absolutely. I'd be more than happy to help you with that ma'am. May I have the street address where you're located?
Sure, it's one seventy-nine Moonlight Drive.
All right I have one seven nine Moonlight, M O O N L I G H T, Drive.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right, thank you for that information. And what city and state, please?
That's in Mercer, New Jersey. M E R C E R.
All right, I have Mercer, New Jersey. Just one moment please while I pull up that information for ya.
OK, great. Thank you.
All right ma'am. I actually do have two different locations that's quite close to you. If you're ready, I am ready to give you those two addresses.
Yes, ma'am. I'm ready.
All right, the first ones gonna be at six one nine Filbert Street. F as in Frank I L B as in boy E R T Street. And that is in Mercer.
OK, great. So six nineteen Filbert.
Yes, ma'am that's correct .
OK, great. And the second location?
All right the second location will be at seven thirty-two Lightning Point. And that's also in Mercer.
OK, so at seven thirty-two Light, Light I'm sorry, could you repeat that one for me?
Sure, that's no problem ma'am. It's at seven three two Lighting, L I G H T N I N G Point. In Mercer New Jersey.
OK, great. Thank you. Do you know what the operating hours for those locations would be?
I sure do ma'am. They both are open Monday thru Friday from nine a.m. until five p.m..
OK, wonderful. And actually do you know if they would be able to help me reset my online banking log in information? I I can't seem to log on for some reason. I think maybe I might have used an old email address. I'm not sure.
Yes, ma'am absolutely they would be able to. Or if you would prefer, I could actually help you with that right now.
Oh, really! That would be wonderful. Thank you.
Sure, ma'am. No problem. first though, I do need to get a little bit of information so I can pull up your account. If that's all right?
Yes, ma'am. Absolutely.
All right, thank you. First, may I have your name please?
Sure, it's Margaret Allen. M A R G A R E T and Allen, A L L E N.
All right. Thank you for that information Ms. Allen. And may I have your date of birth, please?
Sure, it's February the fifteen, nineteen sixty-two.
All right I have February the fifteenth nineteen sixty-two ?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
Thank you ma'am. And may I also have your drivers license number, please?
Sure. It's B as in boy six three zero zero seven three five nine zero two.
All right Ms. Allen. Let me repeat that back to ya just to make sure I've got that information correct. I have B as in Boy, six three zero zero seven three five nine zero two.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right, and I also do have a security question on file for you . what is the name of your first pet?
His name was Spot. And also in case you need it my telephone number is six six nine six zero three four one nine two.
All right. Thank you for that information, Ms. Allen. Now I am pulling up your email address here and I'm showing that as being margey dot allen ninety-eight at elements dot net.
Oh, OK. Margey dot Allen ninety-eight at Elements dot net?
Yes ma'am. That is correct.
Oh, OK. I think what I was doing was putting in dot com by accident. So that right there hopefully work out for me. If not, I'll either call you back or I'll just get it fixed whenever I go down to the branch location.
All right ma'am. That sounds good. Is there anything else that I could help you with today ?
No, ma'am. You have been very helpful.
All right, Ms. Allen. Thank you so very much for calling Intellibank. You have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
yes. First name Ben, last name Riley.
OK. Can I also get your date of birth?
yeah. it's November twenty-third, nineteen seventy-nine.
OK, nineteen seventy-nine?
correct.
OK.
All right Ben and for security purpose can I get your state ID or driver's license ?
yes. That is R P four zero seven five seven three.
OK. and also for security purpose, can I get your email address that we have on file?
yeah the email is B as in boy Riley seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
OK.
All right Ben. What can I do for you today?
yeah. I wanted to make a wire transfer.
A wire transfer? OK.
Mhm.
Are we taking this out of your savings or checkings account?
It'll be coming out of my primary checkings account.
OK.
And do you have the savings or checkings account of the other person the recipicant?
I do. Yes.
OK. Can I get the name the first and last name of the recipicant?
yeah. First name May, last name Parker.
OK.
May as in M A Y?
Yes.
OK.
Parker. P A R K E R?
Yes.
OK.
All right.
And just for just to double check can I get your checkings account ?
yeah. Checking number is nine eight seven one two three four five zero six.
OK and the person we're sending this to is this friend or family?
family.
Family, OK.
And do you have their account number?
yes. It is zero nine one eight two seven three six five four.
OK just double checking to make sure we don't need your router. And this is in, in the US?
Yes.
OK. Yeah we don't need router.
do they bank with Intellibank as well?
yes.
OK. OK, simple enough, simple enough.
And how much are we transferring?
two hundred and thirty dollars.
OK two hundred thirty dollars even and sent. please do give it about two hours or so for it to actually hit. Sometimes it takes seconds, other times it may go up to twenty-four hours but mainly two hours.
your remaining balance is seven hundred or seven thousand four hundred eighty-three dollars and forty-two cents.
All righty.
how also Ben, do you have the Intelli app?
yes I I do. I just downloaded It.
Oh OK. Well you can do transfers on the app as well. Just a heads up. Yes.
Oh really?
Nice, awesome.
If you scroll down on the left side of the the menu.
Mhm.
at the third to last at the bottom there's a option for a transfer.
Oh OK. Sweet, awesome.
OK.
Yeah, and that that can work just as well as what we did today probably be a even faster to be honest.
Wow, awesome. Yeah, very convenient.
Yeah very convenient. looking after everything making sure everything's OK. is there anything else I can help you with?
No, so you said the transfer in order to transfer using the app, does the other person have to have the app as well?
No they do not.
OK.
It would be nice and convenient, but no, they they do not have to have that app.
Yeah, bro.
Got you. OK, cool.
OK is that all for you today?
yeah. I think that is about It.
OK. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank and have a good day.
Awesome, you too.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes, I need to find an ATM near where I am.
OK, I can do that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
And you prefer I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. Jill's fine.
OK, and what city and state are you calling from?
so I'm in Chicago, Illinois, but on a trip. This is not where I live. I'm not from here.
OK, and do you know the address where you're at in Chicago?
Yes, I think it's eight zero nine Wilmire Street. it's Wilmire. I don't know if I'm saying that right.
Can can you spell it for me?
Yes, so it's W I L M I R E.
OK, and do you have a ZIP code?
It's five six zero nine nine, I think.
OK. Give me just a moment to look that up for you. I always like to provide you with two close locations, just to give you some options. So, let me, let me do some researching on that for you, OK?
OK.
All right, doll. Do you have a pen? I do have some information for you.
Yeah, I do. Go ahead.
So the first location looks like it's not quite a mile from you. And it's at the Intellibank branch location. And that's at five zero six North Homer Street in Chicago. did you need me to repeat that address?
no, I think I got it.
OK, so the second location I found is an ATM location located inside the Delmar Hotel and that address is nine zero zero one and it's Tinkerton Road in Chicago. It looks like that's located in the lobby of the hotel.
OK. I think I've got both of them. Can you do me a favor? Can you check my balance and and deposit in those ATMs too? Like, am I able to to check my balance and and see how much money I have when I have to go to those?
Yeah, you can check your balances in the ATM by selecting the inquire option. And you're also able to to make those deposits at the ATM as well. Every ATM should have deposit slips and deposit envelopes at each location for you as well. OK?
Oh, that's really convenient.
OK, Jill. Was there anything else I can do for you today?
yes, actually. So I'm out of town. and I I wanted to make sure I could still use the ATM and it wouldn't flag me for something because I'm out of town.
Because you're out of state, you mean?
Yes. I'm from Missouri, but I traveled to Illinois. So, I didn't know if I should've reported that or done something. So that way if I try to use my card at the ATM, it's not going to, like, assume that I'm I'm somebody I'm not.
OK. so did you put your, put a travel status on your account, by any chance, whenever you left for Illinois?
No I didn't. I didn't even think about it. I'm sorry.
OK, so as part of our security measures, they may flag that transaction as a fraud until it can be identified by you. since it's occurring out of state, I can, I can go ahead and put you on a travel status, though. If you have a few moments, I just have to basically take some account information from you, and then I can set that travel status so you shouldn't have any problems with that ATM.
actually, can you just tell me the closest branch, then? I'll just go there and do everything because I'm kind of in a hurry right now.
Yeah, so you're you're wanting to change out and and go to the nearest actual branch, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, so the first address I gave you, the five oh six North Homer Street in Chicago, that's an actual Intellibank branch, and that one is pretty close to you.
Oh OK, I didn't realize that.
Yeah, yeah. That's an actual branch, so you should be able to do everything everything there, as long as you have a photo ID, they should be able to put that that your account on travel status for you. So you shouldn't really need anything but your photo ID when you go in there. They won't ask for an ATM card or anything.
OK.
Was there maybe anything else I could help you with today?
I don't think so. Actually, I'm trying to look here on my phone. It looks like that Homer Street address might be the opposite direction from where I'm going. Would you possibly see if there's another Intellibank branch that's a little bit closer, but on the north side?
Yeah, let me, let me do some research here. So you're saying on the north side of where you're at, like the north side of the hotel? When you say north side, can you just be more specific?
Like I meant more on the north side of Chicago. Like, if you can help me find find a location more on the north side of Chicago. I'm headed that way.
OK. Just a second. Let me do some research here for you. OK. So, it looks like there's another location. This one's a little bit farther. This one's two point seven miles away, but it is on the north side. and that address is fifty-three fifteen, it looks like it's called Edacado. It's E D A C A D O and that's Street, and that's Chicago, Illinois. and that is a full-service branch at well, as well. And it has hours open today until six p.m..
OK, that's perfect. So, Intellibank. OK. All right, I've got it all written down. I think that's everything that I need.
OK, Jill. There's. So there's nothing else I can help you with today before I disconnect with you?
No. I do think that that's everything. I appreciate it. I'm gonna head over to that bank.
All right, Jill. Well, thank you for choosing Intellibank. You have a great day.
Hello. Welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael. How may I help you?
yes, hi. my name is John. I'm calling cuz I I lost a card. Or at least I don't know where it is.
So I'd like to get a replacement.
yes, sir. I can help you with that. one moment please.
Can I have your first and last name, sir? You said your first name was John?
yes. I'm John Walker. and that is the name on the card that I lost.
And you know I really don't know what happened. I I was going down the street to a restaurant and I I'm pretty sure I used it at the restaurant cuz I'm not sure how else I would've gotten out of there. anyway.
Yes, sir. I understand. I can help you with that. may I have your date of birth, sir?
yes. November tenth nineteen sixty.
Thank you, sir. And what is the account number associated with the card that was lost?
oh, gosh. hold on. let me see if I have that in my wallet. Just a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, here it is.
So the account number with iBank is one two four six hundred.
Thank you, sir. and I heard you you refer to the card that you lost associated with iBank. this is Intellibank. is is Intellibank the institution assigned to your card which you lost?
Yes, yes.
sorry about that. Intellibank.
Yes, sir. That's OK. I just wanted to verify the that we are the institution where your your assigned card was lost? what is your security answer, sir?
Oh, my apologize. my apologies. for your security question I see that your question is what is the name of your first pet? Could you give me the answer to this question, sir? This is to verify your identity for the security of your account.
I know the answer to that. he was a collie.
And he was a very good dog. I just remember him as a little kid. he used to follow me everywhere.
Have you ever had a dog before?
Yes, sir. I have three dogs.
OK. So you you know what I mean. Dogs are as they say a human's best friend. anyway. his name. Is that what you needed?
yes, sir. That the answer to your security question. Name of your first pet?
Judge.
As in Judge Roy Bean. Judge.
Yes, sir. That is the answer that we have on file. would you happen to remember the number of the credit card which you lost?
Yeah, I have it I have that written right here next to my account number. two zero two six three seven zero zero four two oh four ninety-eight zero zero.
Thank you, sir. and what was the date which you remember losing this card?
I noticed it missing this morning so I can say yesterday. the seventeenth of October.
Thank you, sir.
And what was the most recent transaction or the most recent business which you used this card to purchase something with?
Well, the restaurant it's a Chinese restaurant. China Town I think.
Yes. I mean that's the best I can remember. That may or may not be right.
Thank you, sir. One moment, please.
So I see I I have your credit card pulled up in front of me and I see that the most recent purchase made was from China Town LLC. I assume that's the restaurant for a purchase of fifty-four dollars and twelve cents. Does this seem correct? Or do you think you made this purchase, sir?
yeah. I had somebody else with me and so that's about two lunches, yes.
Thank you, sir. One moment, please.
So I'm going to cancel your your lost card and I'm going to re-issue a new one. the address I have on file for your account is one two zero Vassel Street. is this your is this correct, sir? Is this your home address?
Yes. That would be a good place to send it.
OK, sir. I'm going to cancel and re-issue you a new card. credit card number two zero two six three seven zero zero four two zero four nine eight zero zero. you should receive a new card in the mail in the next two to three business days going to the address of one two zero Vassel Street, the address that we have on file.
you you should receive your new card as I just said within the next two to three days and there and on this new card you will have instructions of how to activate your new card. you have two options of doing this. You can either do it online.
Or there will be a number attached to your new card in the mail which you will call which will give you instructions over the phone of how to reactivate your new card.
is there anything else I can do for you, sir?
no. That that's all.
thank you very much for calling Intellibank, sir. I'm sorry that happened but your card is on the way. And have a nice day.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda how may I help you?
yes I've been really unsatisfied with the service at my home branch, and I I wanted to talk to someone about it.
I'm I'm very sorry to hear that. but I do want to hear what's going on. Can I ask who I'm speaking with today?
Yes it's Jill Baker.
Thank you. Do you prefer that I call you Jill or Miss Baker?
You could just call me Jill.
OK Jill let me get some information from you OK. What is your account number?
It's three four six, zero two, nine nine eight.
OK Jill and what is your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right Jill. And it looks like this account has a security question. Could you please tell me the city you were born in?
Yes I was born in Togsin.
OK. All right Jill can you tell me what issues you're having with with with your main banking branch?
yes though. It's a lot of things. So the tellers always seem to be really short and grouchy. And they close the lobby for lunch when. With none of the other branches do. And that's when most people who are on their lunches from their work. Most customers I'm assuming try to go to the bank and get their stuff done. I only get an hour lunch, or or my boss gets really upset with me if I'm any longer than that. But I never ever plan to go to the bank because they're always closed. And I I never have enough time.
All right Jill I I understand your frustrations. have you had any time to speak with the manager at that banking branch at any point?
No I mean it's not like they don't know that they close for lunch. I would assume the manager would know that.
honestly I'm not sure. But that is definitely not a normal banking procedure for Intellibank. So so we to get to the bottom of this you for you and try to get this resolved. Do you happen to have any specific teller names of the employees you've en~. You've had unpleasant encounters with?
So the one I know is Janice. Her name is Janice and she's just always awful when I go in. I've. I hate to say it but I'm really thinking about quitting Intellibank.
OK Jill so we absolutely don't want to lose you as a customer. So what I'm gonna do here is, I'm gonna add some notes to your account about what you've been experiencing. And I'm also gonna share these with the bank branch manager. so I'll share these with the the manager of that branch. And then also with the district manager for the location. So that we can address those issues and behaviors, and the things that are happening there to you. Are you OK with me sharing your phone number with those two managers? In case they would like to call you and ask some more questions?
Yeah that'd be fine.
OK let me just confirm your phone number real quick. That's nine one eight, nine zero nine, eight five three six. That we have on file is that correct?
Yeah that's correct.
OK so let me get all these notes in there. And then the next thing I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna look at some other options for you. Just one second OK. All right I have all that information entered. now Jill while we sort out the problems that are occurring at your home Intellibank branch. Would there be any way that I can help you find another Intellibranch close to you? So that maybe you'd be willing to give that branch a try and see if we can keep you as a customer.
I mean if there's one close I'd be willing to try it.
OK Jill let me check on that for you OK? just a second let me check on that for you. I'm actually gonna. Can I confirm your home address so I can try to find one that's close to your home?
Yeah it's twenty twenty-one Riverfront Park in Kansas City.
OK you said two zero two one Riverfront Park. And what is the ZIP code there?
It's six five nine eight nine.
OK let me look here and see what I can find for you OK?
OK I really don't mean to be dramatic. I I just have really bad anxiety and these kind of things really get to me.
I I completely understand your concerns and I'm sorry that you suffer from anxiety.
It's all right. Do you have anxiety?
I I don't have anxiety. But I do tend to to stress out and dwell on thing sometimes too. So I can understand how you can get so upset.
OK I mean I've seen a therapist for years and and it's a lot better. I mean my therapist has made things a lot better. But it's certain triggers you know certain situations trigger it. And I just don't like confrontation or anything.
I can totally understand that, and I apologize that you were put in the situation by anyone with Intellibank. but we will get your concerns addressed, and we will try to get this resolved for you OK.
I appreciate it.
OK Jill so I have found a location that's just one point eight miles from your home. It looks like it's still . It's this location is just across from a Target store. And it has a full service lobby and a drive thru. would you be interested in checking out this location?
sure sure I will.
OK so the address is two zero three Cannes Lake Road. And that's two zero three Cannes C A N N E S Lake Road in Kansas City. Are you familiar at all with that area?
know where the Target is on Cannes. And if it's across from there I'm sure I can find it.
All right Jill so I want to take a moment with you right now to just truly apologize about what you've experienced with Intellibank. And I also want to assure you that these concerns are going to addressed. And that Intellibank will do everything that they can to resolve the matter. And to make sure that your banking experience with Intellibank moving forward is a lot better OK. before I disconnect with you though I just want to make sure that there is nothing else I can do for you today OK.
well I do want to know if I could maybe just, set up the internet account thing with you guys. You know the the internet thingy.
Do you mean like Intellibanks online banking portal that we have?
yes that's it. I thought it might be easier you know to use that than having to go to a bank branch all the time.
OK yeah we can do that for you. would you like me to transfer you to our ITST unit, so that they can kind of walk you through that set up?
OK yeah that'd be great.
OK Jill I'm gonna get you transferred. but I want to. One more time, just to make sure there's nothing else I can do for you on my end to help you out today.
No I appreciate it. You've been really nice and I appreciate it. It's made me feel real comfortable.
OK Jill well I'm gonna get you transferred over to ITSD for I'm sorry ITSD for that set up. And someone with our department should be in contact with you to follow up with those concerns OK. Thank you for choosing Intellibank you have a great day all right.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky how can I help you?
I thought you guys were Intellibank?
We are Intellibank.
All right fine. I think I lost my credit card.
OK.
So I don't really know what to do about that. I'm just worried about my money getting used. so I want to get the money out of my credit card and put it in another bank so that if it is lost and someone tries to use it there is no credit available to use. Does that make sense?
All right yes I can help you with that. so if you want to report your card lost what we will do is take your information down and then we'll close the account so there would be no more purchases available so you wouldn't have to take that remaining credit line and transfer it anyway. But first can I get your credit card number please?
OK.
Yeah it's.
Five two eight one three seven six five four two zero nine zero two zero eight the expiration date is ten twenty-five. The three digit code is three seven four.
OK. Thank you for that. And can I get your name please?
Yeah it's Karen Huxley. Not Huxtable. Huxley.
OK. Thank you Karen.
I am not with the Cosby's.
Gotcha. can I get your date of birth please?
Ugh it's two eighteen nineteen-eighty two. I'm I'm I'm getting kinda up there. I'd rather not talk about it.
Hi an I can understand that. OK I need a few more information for your security. You authenticating ID which would be your your drivers license please?
Yeah that is six six one seven five four two O R for Oregon coz that's where I am. I don't know where you're located but I'm looking out the window right now and it is pouring and who knows maybe it'll start raining and who know or snowing maybe it'll be ninety degrees by four o'clock this evening. I don't even know coz Oregon is bipolar. I .
Oregon is actually we're located in the Portland area. So yeah.
Oh, well I am
Sorry.
Well I heard that it's it might be might rain later today but maybe we'll get a little bit of sunshine before then.
Yeah I dunno. I hate it all. Maybe I'll move to Arizona.
Then you get a bunch of sun. OK.
Then I get wrinkly.
Can I get your security question please? It looks like you're maiden name.
Oh yes I am Karen Smart as my maiden name because you know what I am smart. Not smart to live in Oregon, though. I'll be smart when I move to Arizona.
Very nice.
I don't think you can get a better maiden name than smart.
I know right? I'm amazing.
Mhm.
OK let's see here you wanted to report a lost card. Do you remember the last transaction? The business name?
Yes so I was in Gresham and I went to a Taco Truck. I don't remember what the name is. I wanna say Don Pepe. Or.
OK.
Don Juan. I don't know but it was for I wanna say eight dollars. I got four tacos and they were about two dollars each. I was really hungry and I was just craving some carnita tacos.
OK.
Oh those cantos can be delicious. OK so OK so I do see October fifth. There was a purchase at a food cart and it was eight dollars and ninety nine cents.
Oh that's right. Yup. Asked for extra onions coz I my husband was away on business that night so I was not worried about onion breath.
Gotcha. OK so let's see here. So the good news is that no one has used your account.
Oh Thank the Lord.
so what I will do right now is I will close this account. And issue you out a new a new credit card. Can I get the mailing address to send this to?
Yes it's one eight six nine South Sixty Ninth Street. let's see Gladstone Oregon nine seven two zero seven.
Great! OK so this will this new credit card for you will go out in about three to five business days.
Oh that long?
Mhm it does it does take a a little while. But the good news is no one else can use this account as of now.
And.
OK, but I still wanna transfer the funds because I still need the money. Did you already close it? Because I. I want can I get that money or since it's closed or is that all locked up?
Yes.
That that account is closed but the new account that the system has generated for you the it does still have a remaining line of credit of three hundred dollars. Did you want to do a wire transfer of that?
Yeah, let's transfer it just so I have those funds and then I'll pay off the card when I get the new card.
Mhm.
OK, great, and is this a domestic or international account?
Yes my bank is U S bank. But it's. It's based in Arizona. I'm like I said, wanna move there. Already got the bank there. So I don't know if you can do that since it's out of state.
OK.
Yes. Yes I can. I just need the routing number and account number you want the funds deposited in. Can I get your routing number please?
Yes it's one five six three two five nine eight one.
Great! And the account number to deposit?
Yeah, it's one seven eight four six two zero five.
OK, excellent. OK and this deposit will be made immediately. well.
And when.
When will I have my funds?
You will have them by the end of business day today.
I can't have it right now?
no. The wire transfers normally occur at about two p.m. everyday.
You know if I was in Arizona I'd probably have it right away but whatever.
well this is. This is for all banks. Two p.m. is the cut off.
Well I'm sure Arizona will make good exception for me.
Well is there anything else that I can help you with today?
unless you know a good moving company, no. I'm good. Thank you.
OK great. Well you have a good day and thanks for using Intellibank.
Mm yeah.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Millie, how can I help you?
Hey Millie, how you doing? long time customer of Intellibank sadly first time caller. I have to make a money transfer to bail out my baby brother who is a moron.
Oh, no is it a wire transfer or.
Yes.
OK, yeah.
I mean, I mean that yeah, let's let's go that route.
OK. what is your first and last name?
All right, the first name is Paul.
OK.
Last name is Samuels.
Can you spell that, please?
It's S A M U E L S.
OK, and your date of birth, Mr. Samuels?
It's oh four two seven nineteen seventy.
OK.
Ooh Ooh. I I think I Lemme Is the next question, it's my favorite question, is the next question security question of what was my favorite pet?
Yes, it is.
Or my first pet I should say?
You're first
Pet, exactly.
Oh
My beloved baby beagle Sniffles.
Aww, so cute.
Or how about wait is the next question I I mean at this point are you guys hiring? But the is the next question is what's your email?
No, actually Mr. Samuels I have all that I need right now. Actually, the next question I was gonna ask you is your bank account number that you want to withdrawal the funds from.
OK.
For your wire transfer.
OK, so the account number is one one six nine.
Mhm.
Two five.
Mhm.
Eight six oh nine six six seven.
OK, and would you like me to let you know what your balance is right now?
Let, how bout this?
Mhm.
How bout ya let me know after we make the transfer.
OK, so you know how much money you have in there?
I I kind of, but it it'll put things in a better perspective and let me know how how angry I'm gonna be at my brother. After I bail him out.
So, what was the amount that you needed to withdrawal for the wire transfer?
Fifteen hundred.
OK. OK, So
Do you think I'm being
Too generous? I mean, he's in Vegas and he blew all his money.
I mean is he gonna gamble your money away, or is he gonna use it to get home? I mean.
Is that a trick question?
Well, you do have three thousand dollars in in your in that account, so you will be left with fifteen hundred dollars. So, how do you feel about that? Do you still want to proceed with that?
Can we go back to talking about Sniffles?
Oh, boy, this is just.
Yeah I.
A heck of a day for you Mr. Samuels. I'm so sorry. I have been in these situations with family, but that's what family's for, right?
Mhm.
all right so is this obviously OK. He's in our country so it is a domestic wire transfer. OK, so, I just. When you get a chance give me that I need his I'm gonna need his routing number
Yes. Yes, yes, yes.
OK.
And I'm also gonna need that account number for the deposit but I just want to let you know there's a small chance depending on his bank, sometimes they reject wire transfers but let's hope for the best. We'll know right away. So, but let's go ahead and give me that routing number first.
OK. All right, just give me one second, I'm just gonna grab grab make sure I have this all correct.
OK, sure.
OK, are you are you ready?
Yes.
All right, Millie, here we go. It's zero zero one six oh seven nine six five
OK, and then the bank account number?
All right, this account number is oh nine one five seven one seven six eight. And he's also an Intellibank intel See, I I right away want to say Intelligent bank. He's Intellibank customer.
Oh, OK, but this this is not. This particular bank isn't, but usually he has Intellibank?
He usually does. Yeah.
OK. So, he's got dual accounts
Pretty, suspicious. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding Mr. Samuels. I'm just kidding. OK, let's see if the transfer's gonna go through. OK, yeah. OK, so it went through it's it's gonna go through. It will take about maybe five to seven minutes for him to see it in his account. So,
But, yeah. He still needs my help.
So, in other words he'll be back on the slot machines in ten minutes?
You s~.
Well, I hope not. You you have saved the day. you are a better man than most. I don't know how many people would go ahead and do that but Is there anything else I could help you with, like would you like to set up online banking, so you could do something like this yourself?
Well well actually, I I'm really good with the online banking. I I didn't even know I could do wire transfers online.
Oh
OK.
Yeah. Yeah.
I thought that
Was something that had to be done, you know whether in person or over the phone or something like that.
Right. OK. Well, there's ways that you can do that yourself if it's domestic. Once it gets into international waters it might be a little bit tricky. To do a wire transfer without an agent helping you.
OK.
So, yeah, OK, but as far as like your regular online banking. You have that set.
I I'm I'm all s~. Yeah absolutely thank you so much.
OK.
OK. Great.
All right. Well, I hope your brother's OK. and.
Oh, he'll be OK in Vegas, but once he gets home.
Well, you're a really great brother. I'll say.
Thanks.
And, I hope you have a great day Mr. Samuels.
You too.
All right, buh bye.
Hello there. Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Shepard. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Hello there, Shepard. I need help with two things. One, I need to transfer some money and then I need to find the closest branch.
Oh got it! Yeah I can of course help you with both of those things. let's get started having you give me your current address so I can help you find the closest bank.
sure. I'm downtown. I'm at twenty-two fifty Jamestown Avenue.
Got it, two two five oh Jamestown Ave. what is your city and state?
Oh, yeah sorry, I'm in Omaha, Nebraska.
Thank you. Alright, ma'am please give me a minute while I look this up . shouldn't take a but a few more seconds. OK. Alright I found an Intellibank location, ooh it's only one tenth of a mile away. are you ready for the address?
yeah hold on, let me grab a pen. Oh, hold on where? Never find a pen when you need one, hold on. OK, got it. I'm ready.
Alright, the location is at fifty-eight fifty-one Southwest Island Road, Omaha, Nebraska. four four three two one I'm seeing on a side note here this location is closed but it's opening up just in the next ten minutes. It'll be at nine a.m.
Oh OK, great, that's perfect. can we set up that wire transfer now?
Yeah! I actually have that request right up here in a second window. so to get the ball rolling I just need your full name and your date of birth.
OK, my name is Molly. M O L L Y Zoffinger, that's Z O F F I N G E R My date of birth is gonna be four seven ninety.
OK great. Ms. Zoffingers Very unique name. Thank you Ms. Zoffinger. your security question, I'm showing, is the name of your first pet. What would that be?
That is Elliot.
I love that name, too! what is the last four digits of your social security number, Ms. Zoffinger?
Sure, that's four three three three.
OK, great. On to the next one. would you please let me know the account number for the Intellibank account that you want me to make this transfer with?
Hold on, one second, I don't know what I did with this piece of paper OK, found it. It's four four three two five five three two five five.
OK, four four three two five five three two five five, got it. Perfect. And how much are we transferring today?
fifteen hundred please.
OK, perfect. Ms. Zoffinger, are you going to be transferring these funds domestically or internationally?
Oh, it's domestically, in the country. It's for my sister Anette, she's in Saint George. It's a gift for her, she's having a baby.
Oh that's so wonderful, hey listen, congratulations to her oh and to you as well. what is the routing number and the account number of your sister's bank?
yep I've got that right here. Routing number, I never know which is which, I think it's this one. Four five five four three two one. Yeah and this account number is four five four three four five three two two four. can I ask how long this is gonna take?
Yeah, yeah, we are pretty much almost done and the actual transfer is gonna take only about one to three business days. so come Wednesday I'm showing the funds will definitely be there, if not sooner.
OK, great. do you know if there's any fees for this transfer?
Ah, yeah that's a great question. right now I'm showing between her bank and your bank it's going to be a fifteen dollar fee. Is that going to be all right?
Eh yeah, it's fine. I just wanted to make sure, you know.
Got it. OK, great. so this wire transfer is now being submitted. it's in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars. And it went through. I already show that it is processing, instead of being submitted. So should come to you right quick.
Alright. Thank you so much. I'm at the bank now on Island Road. So thank you for that information, as well as the transfer, Shepard.
Oh, yeah. I want to thank you for being a valued customer of us here at Intellibank. is there anything else, Ms. Zoffinger, that I can help you with today?
No, you did both things wonderfully. You have a great day.
OK, bye bye now.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Hi Ashley I'm calling because I'd like to open an account.
OK I can definitely help you with that and who am I speaking with today?
Hailey Parker.
Thank you just one moment while I bring my system up here and I'll be happy to help.
Great. How has your day been so far?
Oh it's been pretty good. Quite a quite a busy day. Lot of people choosing to do their banking today I know that we get that a lot around the holidays so. it's been pretty busy but I can't complain. It's making the day go by quick and looking forward to coming home and seeing my kids, so. Been good.
The best part of the day. No matter how crazy you feel they make you feel a different kind of crazy.
that is very true. All right so it's coming up here and.
You know I, I saw an ad on TV about the travelers card that you all have. I think it's amazing all the perks that you get with it and I love to travel. So it'll definitely be beneficial for me. but you know, first I wanna open an account with you guys.
Oh absolutely.
A bit later.
If you could tell me more.
Oh yeah sure. That's not a problem at all. we'll definitely go over that but yeah, let let's get this account open here and then you know, once you get that open then you get all the, the goodies that come with it. All right, so in order to open the account I just need to gather some information from you. so I know you told me your name was Hailey Parker. Is that spelled H A I L E Y and then Parker P A R K E R?
Yes ma'am.
All righty and your date of birth please.
My date of birth is four fifteen eighty-nine. And my social is five nine two seven seven nine nine eight eight.
Perfect and what type of bank account will you be opening today?
Checking.
Checking. OK. All right so we do encourage all of our clients we actually really kind of, kind of require just for extra security is to have some security questions on the file that we can ask you each time you call. most people choose first pet and mother's maiden name. do those sound good to you or did you want other type of security questions?
Oh no those are great. I can't forget those.
OK.
OK all right and what is your first pet's name?
Jenkins. And that's J E N K I N S.
Thank you, and your mother's maiden name?
Ruggers and that one is R U G G E R S.
Perfect. All right so we got all that set up there so when you do call we will verify all the information. All the information I asked you for we'll verify that each time you call in just for extra security. all right so our simple checking savings account that we have there's no fees. There's no fees to withdraw funds. There's no fees to transfer funds in between accounts, in between your accounts. there's no like minimum that you need to have in there that's required. the only thing we're require is that when you open the account to have at least fifty dollars to open the account with. You can put more if you'd like but the fifty dollars is the least to open one. does that sound like something you can that you can do?
Absolutely yes ma'am.
OK All right so, once you're ready to officially open that account you can just go to one of our branches and deposit however much you want and that'll go ahead and open the account. And at some locations they can go ahead and give you a checkbook right there and a temporary debt card with that account. but some some banks branches might not have that and they'll send it to you in the mail. At that point they'll get your address from you while you're there. now we do have online banking service that makes it quite easy to get things done. there's two choices. You can either go to Intellibank dot com or use the Intellibank app. You create a username and password it's gonna ask you for the same kind of information that I asked you. To open the account and then you'll need the bank information. So you'll have to wait until you get your bank account routing number but once you have that you'll be able to take advantage of all the services that we have and also be able to find a branch nearest you as well.
Oh oh OK great.
All right and before we end the call here do you have any other questions for me today?
I think that'll be all.
OK that's fine. All right well again don't forget about the online account to find the branch nearest you. You can also Google Intellibank near you and that'll probably bring up the same. and then you'll be good to go. We'll have you an account open and then oh, the traveler's card you were talking about. so once that's open once your account has opened for at least a month, then you'll be able to apply for the traveler's card. That comes with a lot of perks. There's a lot of cashbacks incentives that are there for certain purchase purchases that you make. so it's it's a really good card to have especially around the holidays and especially if you travel you know a couple of times a year it's a good thing to have. And there is more information about that on our website as well.
OK well I'm so sorry. I almost forgot about it.
OK all right is there anything else that I can assist you today Ms. Parker?
No ma'am you've been such a big help thank you so much.
You're welcome and thank you for calling Intellibank. You enjoy the rest of your day.
You too thank you.
Thank you bye bye.
Good morning Intellibank. This is Amanda. How may I help you?
Yes this is Jennifer Johnson. I just received a letter from the bank about a loan I was trying to apply for any I may need your help.
OK no problem. What's your full name and date of birth?
It's Jennifer Johnson and my birthday is eight six two thousand.
OK and what is your account number Jennifer?
Oh I'm not sure if you hold on just a minute I'll go get it for you.
OK no problem I'll wait.
OK I have it.
OK what's the number?
Eight zero zero zero four nine seven nine eight one.
OK. Can you verify the address on the account for me?
Yes it's four nine seven Redwood Lane six two three one eight. But that's why I'm calling. I started applying for a loan at the Intel bank in Richmond Virginia.
Intellibank or Intel bank?
Intellibank. I'm sorry.
OK I was just checking because there is an Intel bank too so some people get us confused all the time.
Oh no mine's Intellibank.
OK good.
Well anyway I moved and I wanted to finish my loan application. Can you help me find my local branch? And can you help change my address on my account?
Yes absolutely. OK let's get your new address first so then I can find your local branch OK.
OK great.
OK I just need you to answer your security question for me.
OK.
OK what was the name of your first pet?
Georgie.
OK great and what was the last four digits of your social security number?
Five nine one five.
OK that's five nine one five.
Yes, that's right.
OK and what is your new address?
It's five eight one twenty-seventh Street Radford Virginia two five one two oh.
OK that's five eight one twenty-seventh Street Radford Virginia two five two zero.
Yes that's right.
OK. Let me see what branches are close to you if you give me just a second.
OK.
Have you been busy today?
No, not really. It's been really slow today. OK I found a couple of branches near you.
OK great.
OK are you ready for the address?
Yes.
OK the first one is zero point nine miles away and it's seven nine two eighth Avenue Radford Virginia.
OK.
OK and the second one is two point six miles away and its on nine two one eleventh Avenue in Radford Virginia. K did you get those?
Yes.
OK the third one is four point two miles away and it's on six nine nine River Road Radford Virginia. OK would you like me to find anymore for you?
No that's good but can you find me a couple in Fairlawn too?
Yeah sure give me just a second.
OK.
Is there an address in Fairlawn that you want me to find one that's close to?
Yes it's one nine four Woodland Drive Fairlawn Virginia. Six two seven one one.
OK that's one nine four Woodland Lane Fairlawn Virginia six two seven one one.
No it's Woodland Drive not Lane.
Oh OK so Woodland Drive
Yes.
OK there's one that's zero point three miles away and it's at one seven two second Avenue in Fairlawn.
OK.
OK and there's only one more that I see that's in Fairlawn and it's eight miles away. Do you still want that one too?
Yeah go ahead and give me that one too.
OK that one is at eight nine nine zero twenty-ninth Street in Fairlawn.
OK thank you.
OK Jennifer. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No that's it.
All right. Well you have a great day.
You too.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Roberta. How can I help you?
Are you serious? Is your name actually Roberta? That's my grandma's name and we just celebrated her birthday.
Oh yes ma'am. It is Roberta.
Oh my goodness. That's so funny. I literally just left her house for a party but.
Oh, what a coincidence. It's a beautiful name.
Yes, it is.
Your
Grandmother has a beautiful name. So how can I help you today?
Oh, my gosh.
Yeah. Well anyway, I actually want to open a new account.
Excellent. So I need to get some identification information if you don't mind. what is your first and last name?
first name Cassidy K C A S S I D Y and last name Johnson J O H N S O N.
Thank you so much.
Yep.
Is it Mrs. Johnson or Ms. Johnson?
Ms.
Johnson.
Oh. Thank you so much, Ms. Johnson. So can you please give me your address?
Yeah. It is three seven two eight Popcorn Drive.
Thank you. City and state?
Madison County.
OK.
And Ohio.
Oh. OK. Thank you so much. Now which kind of account do you want to open today?
OK. So we want to open a checking account.
OK. very good. And and before that do you mind giving me your date of birth?
Oh yeah. January ten nineteen ninety.
Thank you so much. Nineteen ninety. OK. And your social security number?
four oh five.
Thank you.
Eight zero two three three zero.
Oh. OK. And you said that you wanted to make a deposit in a new checking account?
well I want to open a new checking account but yeah. I I am going to go ahead and make a deposit because I actually want to want to transfer but but I want to open this account first.
Oh. OK. Perfect. checking account. And do you know we have you can open a free savings account that is connected with that checking account. So would you like to do that today?
yeah. Sure. We'll go ahead and do that and I guess you're gonna need a a security question right? Just to be sure.
Yes. You need to choose a security question. and then that will be asked later to verify your account when you do transactions online or when you call us back just for your security.
OK.
Yeah. OK. Because I I tried to do it online and that's where it stopped.
Oh. OK. Well I do apologize that you had that problems online. Did you try to to contact an agent? did you chat with an agent through through the through the website?
Yeah. Just. I called you.
Oh. So you are online trying do that? Yeah. Thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah. I just thought I it better to call.
Yeah. Not through chat but through calling. Now that's a that's a great great idea. We're here to help you all the step of the way. OK. So what would that security question be? It can be you can give us your mother's maiden name or the name of your first pet, your favorite sports team, the street address of your first household. The house where you grew up.
yeah.
I liked the the last one the second to last one you said. Your favorite sports team. We'll yeah we'll make that the Steelers then.
Oh.
Oh.
Perfect. The Steelers. Oh. Great team. OK. Thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah. So what else do you need? Cuz that's from this point on I have no clue what I'm doing.
Oh. OK. So what I what I would need you already told me that you want to do checking and a savings account savings account that goes with it.
Sure.
And then how much would you be depositing?
Well I've got about like a little more than five thousand in one account that I want to move from that account into this new one.
Oh. yes. We can do that. so in order to do that what you would have to do is to close the new account first or what you can do. are you banking with us or other the other account that you are going to close is Intellibank?
So I don't want to close the new account. I want to close an account that's existing that it's just it's just a checking account. It's not.
With our
Bank right?
Yeah. So it it's an old one that I I had as like the custodial account. So, like, one that I used to have with like somebody on it with me but now they are not on it and I wanna make a brand brand new one.
Perfect.
Perfect. So but but you you are one of the main
Yeah, we fixed Exactly. We fixed all that stuff before so I just I just wanted to make the new one and then that way I have new numbers and stuff.
Owners of the account.
Perfect.
Excellent.
Perfect. So what what I'm going to need is the information of your of your this is we can do it two ways.
OK.
You close your account and then you open this account or I access your account if you know, with your permission, you I access your account and you do a transfer of some funds from your old account to the new account just to open the account.
Yeah, so.
And
Then we can close your account.
OK, that's what I want.
And then
We transfer the rest of the money to the new account. But I need but I cannot close it in this transaction. I just need you to transfer one. Does it make sense to you?
Yes, yes, yes.
OK.
Yeah. Makes sense. So so did we already open the new one or are we going to close the old one and then open? Because I I thought I had to have a new one to receive it. That's first.
Perfect.
Yeah. No. We can open the account and then we will go with the with the information of your old account and at the end we'll close the account.
OK. So we open transfer and then close?
So we transf~
Yes. And then before we close we transfer all the funds.
OK.
Today. Or you could transfer like all the funds, you just leave like five dollars or you will have to close the account.
No. I just want to close it.
Yes. But then we do that transaction on my end. So don't worry about it. We'll do it. We'll take care of you. We just transfer the first because I need to close the account after I transfer some money. I don't do you understand me?
OK.
yeah. I got it. So.
OK.
I hope I. Yeah. I don't I I apologize. I don't mean to confuse you Miss Johnson.
No no no. It's fine. I just want to make sure that I'm pulling up the right numbers for you cuz.
Yeah.
So the the what we're gonna do this is finish finish opening your account here and then we're going to do a a transfer.
Sure.
And if we let me see if I can if if I can if I can do the full amount of the other account.
Mhm.
So I can close it you know? Let me see if the computer lets me do that and if not we'll we'll take care of you. Maybe one more step.
OK. That's fine. So do you need what do you need to move forward from me now?
No, but. It will be. Perfect.
OK. So let me just just a just a second. I'm going to open your account.
OK.
Just to let you know that both accounts are free and you are going to be earning in in your savings account right now the interest that you will earn in your in in whatever money will have it's zero point zero zero zero zero three percent per month and and the everything is is free and at the beginning we are going to give you like one hundred checks free checks and if you want to continue with the you know with the checks you would just pay their the you know when when the.
Cool.
Yeah. I can order more through you guys?
You order the more through us and you can order also through you know, through a third party if you want designer checks and stuff like that.
Oh, awesome.
Sure.
So you can do that. and also we we have all the if you do online banking you can deposit the checks online. You can do also checks that way.
Got it.
Perfect.
You just need to send a picture of the check and it will be it will be self-explanatory but you we can also help you.
Yeah. That's fine. I've done that before so so I'm OK with that.
Perfect. So very good. So how much would you like your first deposit to be?
Well whatever is in the old account. It's like five thousand something. whatever is there let's just do it.
OK.
Perfect. So for that I am going to need the the number of your of your old account.
OK. So the old account number is two zero three zero eight zero two one.
Two one. Thank you so much. And do you remember the security question for that account that particular account?
Mhm.
I think I had a pin number actually with that account. Not a security question.
Oh.
yeah. A PIN number also works. So can I have the PIN number please, Miss Johnson?
OK.
Yeah,
Five four eight two.
One four.
Eight two. Thank you. Hold on a moment please. I need to access the account. Very good. Thank you so much. So you want to know the balance of that account right?
yeah. Just just so I know because I it had like five thousand four hundred something.
OK. Yes. Yeah. You're right. Five thousand four hundred and fifty-seven dollars.
Perfect. So can I move all of it over to the new account?
yes. I'm gonna I mean I'm gonna try to do that.
Usually the account has to have some money so I can transfer the money first.
Yeah.
And then it's just the minimum amount of money but I will do it on my end.
Thank you.
So it's going to take a few minutes. If you don't mind I can put you on hold.
Yeah. That's OK.
OK. So I can transfer the whole amount.
Yeah. That's all right.
OK. Hold on a second please. Thanks so much, Miss Johnson, for your patience.
Yeah.
OK. Well Miss Johnson, I was able to do what you wanted which is transfer all the money to your new checking account and you said that you wanted checking and savings. How much would you like to put on savings? Oh. Just to let you know and I apologize for not letting you know before but you need to have a minimum of two hundred dollars in your savings account.
Yeah.
So you can make and and it's in your interest because you will make more interest you know.
Yeah. Sure. So from that five thousand four hundred fifty whatever it was.
Fifty-seven dollars.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So can I take the two hundred from there?
Mhm.
Absolutely. Absolutely. So so we're going to do a deposit of five hundred five thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and then of those we will put two hundred in your checking account. Very good.
Yeah. Thank you.
Very good.
Yeah and is that something that I can move like later cuz I I've got some bills that I'm trying to to figure out now cause I. I've actually just got a new job. That's why I'm trying to. to figure all this out.
OK.
Congratulations on your new job. That is awesome.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Very good. So yeah. You can I mean what I would suggest to you is if you feel comfortable to to go to do banking online and once you have all your all your your online setup your online banking set up so you can start transferring money from savings to to checking or from checking to savings. You just follow the instructions and you just make sure that your savings don't go lower than two hundred and if you have to go lower than two hundred, sometimes we make exceptions.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
OK.
and then you you give us a call and you say hey I need to go lower than that two hundred and then that will be good.
Yeah.
Perfect. OK.
OK.
So you are all set. we are going to send to your address all the information about your checking account and as I said if you go online you will get all of the information. Is is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Got it.
No. I probably will call again when I try and figure everything out, the log in, but I'll wait for that new account number to come to me in the mail.
Oh. Perfect. And just just to make sure I have all your information can you please give me your your email so I can send you the information about your closing your account that is closing?
Yeah. So it's just like my name. Cassidy Johnson then the number one two.
One two. At?
At Yahoo.
OK.
Dot com.
OK. Thank you so much. So I'm going to send that to you momentarily once I am able to close all the account.
Perfect.
And finish it up and call us anytime you need.
Oh. Awesome. Thank you so much, Roberta.
Thank you for calling us and for banking with Intellibank. You have a great day, Miss Johnson.
Thanks. You too.
Good afternoon. This is Rose. Welcome to Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great Kim, thanks so much for asking. How about yourself?
I'm doing pretty well I'm calling today because I would like to open an account with you guys.
Awesome.
OK. I can certainly help you with that. I'll have to get some information from you and we can take it from there. I do have a question. What type of account were you looking to open?
Sure.
I'm looking to open a a checking account.
A checking account? OK. All right. and have you banked with us before?
Yes.
no.
All right. So we're running a promotion this month for our new clients, we're offering a checking account that is completely free. You will gain two percent interest on it per quarter would you be interested in that?
yes actually, that would work great.
OK. All right then. I just have to get some information from you so we can get this set up for you. what is your first and last name?
my first name is Kim K I M and last name is Johns, J O H N S.
All right, thank you so much Miss Johns. And what is your date of birth?
my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right. And your Social Security number?
sure. It is one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
Thank you. And what is your address?
let me go let me go grab that, hold on one second. I am opening a new account with you guys cuz I just moved and I do not have it memorized yet so.
Oh no, that's OK.
Hold on for one second for me, I need to go grab I have it written down in the kitchen.
OK. All right. Take your time. You're welcome.
Thank you so much.
Are you still there Rose?
I am.
OK. Thank you so much. I'm so sorry I I cannot find that piece of paper I wrote that down on, just bear with me for one moment.
Oh it's no worries, I understand.
I I cannot believe it's like you know you you finally get someone on the phone and you know then you can't do what you're trying to do it's super frustrating I don't wanna have to call back, you know?
Trust me.
I've definitely been there before let me ask you a couple of questions while you're checking.
OK. Thanks.
That's OK. So we do have to set up a security question for you, and I'll give you some options while you're looking for that. what is your mother's maiden name? What is the first name of the name of your first pet? Or what street did you grow up on?
sure, I'll do the street I grew up on.
OK, thank you so much. And what is the name of that?
and that's Broadway.
Thank you. And then also what about your phone number?
My phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five.
Thank you. And your email address?
my email address is my first initial last name, it's K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK. Thank you. All right, I won't bother you anymore while you're looking.
Yeah, I am not able to find it.
For your address.
Oh, OK. Well we could just use your email address.
OK yeah. If we would be able to still set up the account that would be great, and then once I find once I get my hands on this piece of paper I'll ask my husband when he gets home. But otherwise I will call you guys back or go online once you send me whatever information from my account to my email address, I can go online and update the address if I'm able to online.
yes. Yes you will be able to do that, and I will actually walk you through that process as soon as I get finish setting this up for you.
Perfect. OK, thank you so much, I appreciate it.
You are very welcome. All right. So, I did wanna tell you again that you will incur interest and that will happen quarterly, and this is a completely free account. and we also have a savings account available, for you know, our first time clients. That is the same situation, it's completely free but it's only free for the first two years, and then after that you start there's a a five dollar a month payment for that.
Oh OK.
It's
Four ninety-nine, actually. and then let's see here let me go ahead and let's walk through how to set up the account online so that you can update this when you are able to find your updated address.
OK.
So what you'll need to do is just log into our website which is WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And on your left hand side of the screen at the very top is a hamburger menu, I'll need you to click there. And once you click there it will open up a portal that will say at the top of the page account and profile. Once you click on profile you'll scroll down to the middle of the page where there is a series of boxes, and that is where you will input your current address.
Oh OK great.
And you'll use your email address you gave me as your log in. And let's go ahead and set up a pin for your password. give me four four digits that you can remember.
sure, it's two four one zero.
All right. I've got that set in, and that's how you will log into the online banking to complete your registration. OK?
OK. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome Miss Johns. was there anything else that I can help you with today?
no, that's everything. I I really appreciate it. Thanks again.
You are very welcome, and thank you again for becoming a part of the Intellibank family, and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Mike. How may I help you today?
Hi, yes, I was calling because there was a transaction on my account that I don't believe I made.
OK. Give me one second here so we can pull up your account. All right, so may I have your first name, please?
Ryan.
And your last name?
McKissick.
OK. And Mr. McKissick, what is your date of birth?
Twelve nine eighty-five.
Twelve nine eighty-five.
Year of the Bears baby, Years of
Years
OK. And Mr. McKissick, I need an authenticating ID number. That can be a credit card number, the account number, driver's license number, state ID number, anything like that?
yeah, let me get my credit card out, give me a second.
No problem, no problem at all. Take your time.
Yeah, you might be too young to know about them eighty-five Bears.
That was actually the year I was born in, sir.
Oh, OK, OK. Great.
Mhm. I do
Know about them, but I can't say I have any personal personal dealings with the eighty-five Bears beside sharing the year of my birth.
Oh, OK, OK.
OK. I've got my card.
OK Mr. McKissick, whenever you're ready, sir.
OK, my credit card number is four zero three nine.
Four zero three nine.
Zero five five zero.
Zero five five zero.
Eight four seven six.
Eight four seven six.
Six nine eight one.
Six nine eight one. OK. Mr. McKissick, is that the correct card number, it says that.
I I'm sorry, you know like. Yeah, let me read that back to you. I think I made a mistake.
no problem at all, sir.
OK. It's four zero three nine.
Four zero three nine.
Zero five five zero.
Zero five five zero.
Eight nine seven six.
Eight nine seven six.
Six nine eight zero.
Six nine eight zero. All right, Mr. McKissick. Now I have one security question for you that you have on your account. what street did you grow up on, sir?
.
OK. Right, Mr. McKissick. I have access to your account. Give me one second. Now, Mr. McKissick. What is the dollar amount of the transaction that you're disputing today?
a hundred and twenty-six dollars and eight five cents.
One twenty-six eighty-five. OK. And what is the date of the disputed transaction?
it's happened yesterday.
OK. And what is the, what is the reason for the dispute?
I'm not sure, it says from a unknown source that I'm I I don't recognize. I'm sorry. Sorry, mumbling my words here.
That's OK.
Yes, says is from FD subscription.
FD subscription.
Yeah.
OK. Let me take a look into that. let me ask you this, Mr. McKissick. Does anyone else have access to your account and could have possibly made the transaction?
No, I'm pretty sure they don't.
OK.
Unless one of my kids took my card.
OK. So, does this transaction, does it have like some type of regular membership or subscription fee or anything like that?
No, not to my knowledge. I don't believe so, but that's a possibility.
Now, you said that it said FD? As far as the transaction, have you tried to to contact that business? Were you able to.
Yeah.
Oh no, I was gonna go and contact them after I found out who they were or after I talked to you guys.
OK. OK. So, what I'm gonna do, Mr. McKissick, with your dispute here, I am going to have this sent over to our investigative team. usually they get back to you within one or two business days, so be looking out for an email from us. if you like, we can also reach you by phone if that's, if that's better for you, where someone can give you a call?
OK. you said by email. you know it's email like like I look online, online account and you guys email like send me a message on there or you're gonna email to me, my email?
Well, we'd send it. We send it to your personal email. Whatever the email is that you have on file.
Oh, OK, OK.
OK.
OK, so, so, what we're gonna do here is we're gonna go ahead and lock the card and we're gonna get you a new card sent out. you can still do different transactions or as far as online, do our online features, but the card that you have, it is going to be locked until we can send a new one to you, OK?
All righty yeah, I didn't expect that, but OK.
I apologize, we just wanna make sure that the Security have your account as at its peak, sir. I do apologize for the inconvenience. We're gonna try and get it out to you as soon as we can and get this taken care of as soon as possible, OK?
All right.
OK, Mr. McKissick, is there anything else I can do for you, today?
no, that's about it.
All right, Mr. McKissick, thank you so much for banking with Intellibank. You have a great day.
Try. You too, thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose my name is Kim, how are you today?
I'm doing pretty good Kim. Thank you so much for asking, how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty good. I need some help please. I need to transfer some money to my brother's account. he also has account with you all as well. So it's you know, within the same bank.
OK. Alright, wonderful, I can definitely assist you. So you need to make a transfer to your brother's account and I'll just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your account and also his account, OK? all right. Can you tell me what the first and last name is on your account?
Sure.
My name is Kim and last name is Johns. That's J O H N S. and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you so much. Now just have to ask you your security question, what is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
OK, awesome and what account will you be making your withdrawal from?
I'm gonna to use my my checking account to his I believe, it's his checking account as well.
OK and can I have your checking account number please?
Sure. My account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much and your brother's first and last name.
His first name is David and last name is Johns. J O H N S like mine.
OK thank you so much. And the dollar amount you would like to transfer to his account.
Five hundred dollars even.
OK and your brother's the deposit the account number for your brother to deposit.
let me see here. bear with me for one second here. I have that written down right here.
Sure. Take your time.
Ugh. Hold on for one moment for me Rose. Let me let me run downstairs to the kitchen.
No worries, take your time.
OK Rose.
Yes.
Thank you so much for holding. I'm so sorry I have no idea what I did with the sticky note with his account information on it.
Oh no.
Yeah I I've looked all over the place. Looked where I was just sitting and also down in the kitchen. I cannot find it for the life of me.
Oh I hate that. Unfortunately, I wouldn't be able to complete this internal transfer without that information.
Right of course.
well, do you think that maybe you could help find me an ATM over near where he lives. I'll just ride over there and take out the cash and give it to him instead of trying to transfer it to his account. and I'll probably end up finding that paper when I come back from doing all that.
That's how that's exactly what happens to me. I'll need something important, be for sure that I know where it is. Can't find it and then seven days later, when I'm looking for something else and have already gone through the stress of not finding it, there it is.
Ugh.
There it is. Exactly.
How frustrating.
Oh, of course I can help you find a ATM close to your brother. It's no problems at all. I'm sorry that I wouldn't be able to complete that transfer. I know that's inconvenience but I can certainly get you the as as close to him as I possibly can. what's your brother's address, Hun?
His address here is, let me see. Go look up that address too. Here we go, it's forty-nine Holland lane. And that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine one zero one.
Awesome, now bear with me just a moment what I see what I can find for you here.
OK. I think I have something pretty close to him. I'm trying to find the the absolute closest. OK, so I've got
bear with me for some reason the addresses are not coming up like they normally do.
Oh, it's no worries.
OK, there's a Shell station really close to him. Do you know are you aware of that? The Shell station? It's literally looks like it could be walking distance from his place.
Oh, OK. Perfect.
Yes.
Oh OK. Great.
OK yeah. There's an ATM within there and it's twenty-four hours. so that should be easy for you to get that money to him immediately.
That's perfect.
Perfect, thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
You are so very welcome, was there anything else I can help you with today, Ms. Johns?
no, that's everything. I really appreciate it. Have a good one.
Oh.
Thank you so much. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day as well. Bye bye.
You too.
Bye bye.
Mhm.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Ron Smith, how can I help you today?
Hi, I'm Laura.
I'm just calling to set up a new account with you guys.
No problem, ma'am. I'll be more than happy to assist you with that. I would just like to let you know we do have a variety of accounts that we have specialized, that'll help you out with your financial needs and every aspect of your banking. We have interest free checking. We have fee free checking and savings. we also have IRA compound savings and checkings .
we also have different options with savings. in particularly, what kind of account would you like to open today, ma'am?
I would like the checking account, and since you mentioned it, I want the fee free checking account.
No problem, ma'am. I'll just have to get some basic information to get us going. first can we start with your first and last name?
Our first name is Laura.
Laura, last name is Walker.
No problem, ma'am. Could you spell that for me?
The last name is W A L K E R.
No problem, thank you, ma'am. And may I please have the date of birth, please?
Date of birth is May twenty-seven nineteen nine.
No problem. And may I please have your social security number?
Social is one eight zero twenty seven nine eight two.
No problem, ma'am. And may can I have your best contact number?
Contact number is two one five seven five four twenty-five hundred.
No problem, and this is optional, but do you have an email address? Therefore, we can send you out a link to set up your online banking that will help you out with all your banking needs. Branch locations times and if you needed twenty-four hour customer service .
So, do you have an email address that you would like to add to the account, ma'am?
Yes, it is L walker twenty-two hundred at Gmail dot com.
No problem, ma'am. also, there is a security pin needed, so you can only have access to the account that'll help you get on easier when you call or when you set up online. right now and if you look at your keypad and just key that in. Take a few seconds to key it in. You don't need to tell me, and the computer will pick it up.
four to seven digits. I'll wait a few seconds while you put that up. It'll show up as asterisks on my computer.
OK.
I did it.
OK. Thank you, ma'am. You are all set in regards to that. if you give me one second your credentials will be sent out to you in a welcome package. Also they will send you out the starter kit and welcome package to the email that you've sent me today.
Also, you'll have two weeks to make your first initial deposit or the account will be closed out. They'll send your account number and all your credentials in the email. You can once you download the app, you can add funds by linking an account that you previously have or you can take a picture of a check and upload it or you can set up your direct deposit for your first initial deposit into your account. as I stated ma'am, all your information will be sent to you within seven to ten business days. and the welcome bank package. Therefore, you'll have options in there. There's a slip that will give you the option to pick out the checks. they also have designer checks in there. And also, the list of accounts that I'd given you earlier, it breaks down in detail what account is specified for it to probably help you on your financial trials in life. And they also have an extensive saving programs with IRA that can help you to move towards retirement .
again I do thank you for calling Intellibank.
If you have any other questions that you would like me to answer, I'll be more than happy to help you, ma'am. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that was a lot of information for me to digest. Anyway I'll just I'll stick to the banking account. And later on I'll call back to add like fifty dollars to the account, or so.
Just to have something in there.
No problem, thank you, ma'am. Also, to let you know, if you would like to make an in-store deposit you can come in and make a minimum deposit of fifty dollars and they will give you an automatic debit card to take with you to give you access to the account. We thank you for calling Intellibank, and you have a blessed evening.
OK.
You too. Thank you.
Hello. This is your Intellibank customer service agent Amanda. What would you like assistance with today?
Hello Amanda. I'm interested in Intellibank account services. Can you tell me more about them?
I can certainly help with that. Are you currently holding onto a lot of cash at this moment? I can help you open an account with us.
That would be nice. Thank you. I need to get rid of of this outstanding amount of money somehow.
I would like to advise you that there are fees that come with opening an account. The fee changes depending on the account. The fixed rate of a checking account is five per cent each month. Then for a savings account it's seven per cent per month.
Oh, those are such bad rates for both of those option. I will like to continue with opening a new account.
Good. Good. What is your first and last name?
My first name's Dariah and my last name is Lopes.
Thank you. What is your date of birth, Dariah?
My date of birth is December fifteenth nineteen seventy-three.
OK. I got it. What is your social security number? Do you need a few more seconds?
Oh, it's somewhere in my purse. Give me a few seconds to find it. I found it. My social security number is three two nine three seven six two nine three.
Thank you so much.
Today have been such a great day for me. I got a raise at my job, went out to eat with my friends and I even found fifty dollars on the ground. How was your day been, Amanda?
It hasn't been the best of days, but I'll get over it. I'm just happy that I've finally obtained a job like this that can help pay the bills.
That's a good mindset to have. Things will get better.
Thank you so much, Dariah. By the way, I was asked this following question, what account type would you like to use for the deposit? A checking or savings account?
I believe a checking account would be the best option for me right now.
OK. I'll go ahead and open your checking account for you. Now, please choose a security question that will help in verifying your identity for future request. You can pick from these options. What is your mother's maiden name? What was your favorite food growing up? Or what elementary school did you go to?
The easiest for me to remember would be what was your favorite food growing up. I always enjoyed getting empanadas from the local market. They were ninety-nine cents each.
Delightful. I'll go ahead and select that as your security question and answer.
Hold on a second. I hear my dog barking in the background. Nelly, stop that. I'm on the phone. Please, baby, I need to talk to Amanda.
It's fine. I have a pet too. So I understand how it is.
You're too kind.
Is there anything else you need assistance with, Dariah?
Maybe I give a minute to think about it.
Of course. Take your time.
I would like to ask if I can close account with any repercussions in the future?
yes. That's doable. We don't have any hidden fees that you have to pay or anything of the sort when it comes to closing your account without repercussions in the future.
Oh. Thanks goodness. Another bank I went to charge like a hundred dollars for me to close an account with them. It's why I choose Intellibank. In hopes that they are not like the former one. I'm glad that I was right to trust you guys.
I understand. Is there anything else that you need assistance with?
No. That is it. Thank you so much Amanda.
You're welcome. Thank you for choosing Intellibank. Have a great day.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Good afternoon welcome to Intellibank this is Rose how can I help you today?
hi Rose my name is Kim. I need some help please I am trying to close my savings account that I have with you guys.
OK I can definitely help you with that I just have to gather some information from you to get into your account.
Sure.
What is your your last name and your date of birth?
It's Johns that's J O H N S and my date of birth is April twenty fourth ninety seventy seven.
Thank you and I have to ask you your security question.
What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
OK and you said you needed to close an account correct? Is that your savings or your checking?
I need to close my savings account and transfer the balance to my checking account.
OK and what is that account number?
the account number for my savings is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you and the reason for closure?
the the reason for the closure is that the fees I keep not having enough money to satisfy the minimum balance and and being charged so until I can build that savings up I'm just gonna close it for now and keep my checking account I have with you guys.
OK do you have the deposit routing number?
The deposit account routing number?
yes the routing number is zero five five zero nine five five seven five.
OK and the deposit account number?
Is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK and the amount of money you would like to transfer over into that account?
I'm
Sorry. We'll get to that in just a second let me go ahead and finish closing your account.
That's OK.
that's what I was gonna say I wanna transfer whatever the balance of the savings account is and I'm not sure exactly what that balance is.
It looks like the balance is three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK perfect so I'd like to transfer that over to my checking account.
OK.
All right Ms. Johns I have sent that sent that over to your account.
I'm so sorry I definitely have not. I need the I apologize. You were depositing this in your checking account which is the account number you just gave me that's not your mother's account right?
Right no that's my account.
OK.
Alright I have initiated that transfer and.
And then I also wanted to close my savings account.
OK.
And I am now closing that account and sending that out to your email. There's a confirmation that you should receive in thirty seconds if you could just check that and let me know that you received it.
Sure let me check.
OK I see I got the the confirmation of the transfer as well as the closure of the account.
OK.
And now you wanted me to transfer money to another account or was that the only transfer you needed to take care of today?
no I actually do want to transfer some money to my mother's account she has an account with you guys.
OK and that's from your checking?
yes from my checking, her name is Janice Murphy.
OK.
And I have her account number whenever you're ready.
OK go ahead.
It is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four. and I'd like to transfer five hundreds dollars even to her account.
Alright.
OK and I am completing that transfer and sending a confirmation to the email that we have on file.
OK.
Just let me know when you receive that email.
OK let me see.
Let me refresh this hold on one second.
OK.
OK I I received it.
All right.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
no that's everything thank you so much for your help I appreciate it.
You're very welcome thank you for calling Intellibank and have a wonderful day.
You too.
Hi! Good afternoon! Thank you for calling Intel help line, how may I help you?
Hi yes. My name is Nicole Johnson and I just have a quick question.
Yes, how may I help you please?
Yes do I transfer phones between my accounts?
what exactly are you trying to transfer. How, what what exactly are you trying to do.
I'm confused between your internal transfers and your external transfers. Because I was more interested in the internal.
Sure not a problem.
with our banking, in order to do the Intel transfers, you would have to select the account that you were trying to transfer to and from and you would select the date that you want the money to be transferred, and the frequency, like you want this to happen more than once and also you'd enter the amount. Exactly how what how many, what's the amount desired to transfer to and from the both accounts you may have with us or depending on how many accounts you have with us and how you wanna transfer your money. So if you have a checkings and a savings, we could transfer it that way if you have another account that you want to transfer money from that's kinda how it works.
Do you understand?
Yes. Thank you so much. I was very confused about that.
OK not a problem. I'll be gladly able to assist you with doing an internal transfer if you need help with that today?
Please and thank you.
Sure. have you banked with us before?
Actually I haven't.
You have not banked with us before. So in order for you to do an Intel transfer, I mean internal transfer I apologize, you would need to be a customer with us and you would have to have your account setup with us. I can set you up with an account today if you would like?
You know what? Let's go ahead and do that.
OK. May I have your information please?
Of course.
May I please start off with your first and last name.
Yes. Mariah Carey.
OK. Mariah Carey, OK not a problem.
sure, not a problem.
I'm sorry, can I have your date or birth please?
I'm sorry, my daughter's . I'm so sorry about that. Yes my date of birth though is nine six two thousand one.
OK nine six two thousand one, and I apologize, can you repeat your first and last name again?
Yes I'm so sorry about that sweetheart. My name is Nicole, last name Johnson.
Not a problem.
And may I please have verify your Can you please let me know your street address? I apologize.
Don't be sorry.
Thank you so much. It's one oh three one, W I R K and the city is West Palm Beach Florida, three three four one one.
Actually looking at this at this account, I believe you do have an account with us. It's probably just been a while since you've banked with us. Is that, do you remember having, opening an account with us in the past?
I'm sorry I don't.
OK well it's showing here that you have an account with us and there is available funds. So we can also we can actually set you up to do your internal internal transfer if you would like. Would you like to do that today? Could you
I would
Love to, I'm sorry.
Cuz looking at your account right now, you are in good standing. So we will be able to assist you with that today.
And I know sometimes it's different bankings and moving around sometimes we kinda forget where our money can be at, or with this kinda .
Kinda leave it out of our our mind.
But you do have an account with us. It was opened back in two thousand let me look that up again. I'm sorry I looked at the wrong number. It was actually opened in nineteen ninety.
Do you recall that by any chance? Or maybe someone else opened it up for you?
No, I do recall that.
OK. Perfect. OK great. So I just want to verify that your name is Nicole Johnson?
That sounds about right.
Yes.
And your date of birth, what that nine six?
Yes.
Can you just verify the year for me again? I apologize.
Two thousand one.
Perfect. OK I just wanted to verify I have the right person and making sure I'm giving you the correct information.
So that is the that our the information you have provided is showing up on our screen, that is great.
And then your main's concern today, or your main question was to do with an internal transfer, is that correct?
That is right.
OK. Well right now I see that you have an available balance in your checking account that is five thousand dollars, and your savings account is three thousand dollars. What exactly would you like to transfer?
I'd like to transfer I'm sorry transfer my checkings to my savings.
OK, that's.
Not a problem.
Can you please provide me with your account number please?
Of course.
Whenever, I'm ready whenever you are.
Yes please go ahead.
OK it's nine eight four three five two one one forty-three sixteen forty-one ten.
Mhm.
OK.
Yes.
Perfect.
Also it's doing that just to verify to make sure that everything is adding up cuz I know sometimes it can just be a little you know there that your name is pretty common, so we wanna make sure we're making sure that we're talking to the right person and nobody, you know, there's no issues what that as well.
So we OK so we would like to transfer you I believe you said your checkings to your savings. Transfer money, is that correct?
That's right.
OK do you have an exact amount of what which money would you like to be transferred? Are you transferring checkings to savings or savings to checkings? .
Yes I'm so sorry. It's actually a check that I just received, it's went into my checkings account but I'd like to put it into my savings account. And the amount that I'll out to my checkings would be for fourteen hundred dollars.
OK.
OK. Let me verify that that money is there.
OK.
Not a problem. It's definitely there so I can definitely transfer that money over to your savings account.
Perfect.
OK so I'll go ahead and do that for you right now.
Music to my ears.
Just give me one moment, since it takes a little longer, I just wanna make sure that the money gets transferred over.
No problem.
OK Mrs. Johnson I was able to transfer your your fourteen hundred over to your savings account. Please allow twenty-four to forty-eight hours for the funds to be available, the first five hundred dollars will be available for you to use if needed and after that give it about twenty-four to forty-eight hours and you should have the full access to that money if needed, if you need to use it for anything, of anything of that nature.
Perfect thank you so so much for your time and your patience.
Or course, not a problem. That's what I'm here for. I'd also like to let you know that in order for you like maybe you wanna do this sometime when you're home and just on your own, just to figure it out, we also offer services that's with our online banking and through our online banking with Intel bank, you can actually setup your account with us, you can check your savings account, and check your checking account, and we also offer you to do internal transfers and external transfers as needed and those do not cost a fee as long as you are banking with us, it would not be an issue for you to transfer your funds that way.
Is there any more services or questions you may have for me today?
No! You've definitely answered all my questions with great information. I thank you so so much. Into that check did go through, correct? Or is it pending?
It sure did.
It it definitely did go through. We just have to wait, the first five hundred will be definitely be available today and the rest of the funds will be available within the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours for you to have full access to it, and you should be good to go.
OK. Thank you so so much.
Not a problem at all. If you have any other questions or any other you know any other worries or complaints please just give us back a a phone call and we'll be gladly be able to assist you if you have any issues that may arise using our online portal.
Please just give us a call back and we'll be gladly able to help you with that as well. Thank you for calling Intel banking and we hope you have a great day.
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
You too, bye bye.
Bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. This is you agent, Blake, at your service. How may I help you today?
Hi, Blake. My name is Julie. I wanted to know which is the correct way to close a checking account?
OK, no problem. I can help you with that. over the phone, you can give the correct information, and we can actually close that account for you over the phone if you'd like to do that. let me ask you for your first and last name, please?
Yeah, it's Julie Jackson.
All right, and could you also give me your date of birth, please?
Yeah, it's March twelfth nineteen ninety-five.
Perfect. Thank you so much, Mrs. Jackson. now would you like to close your account with us today?
Yeah, if we can do it right now, that would be great.
OK, no problem. I can help you with that. go ahead and give me Do you happen to have your drivers ID on you?
No, I don't have it with me. Can I give you some other number?
Yes, do you happen to have your credit card number on you?
Yeah, I have it with me.
OK, go ahead and give me that whenever you're ready.
OK, it's five four two one two one six five six four eight one five three two one.
Perfect. Thank you so much, Julie. Now, could you also answer your security question you've set up? what was the name of your childhood teacher?
Yeah, it's Mrs. Smith. Is that correct?
That is correct. Thank you, Mrs. Jackson. All right, it looks like I have gained access into your account. Could you specify which account you would like to close by using the account number? And also, the reason. The reason for the closure.
Yeah, it's the checking account. And the reason is because everytime I overdraw my account and you charge me a thirty-five dollars fee, which I think it's, like kind of crazy, so yeah. And the number is five four six four. Six four, sorry, four eight six three.
OK, I understand, Mrs. Jackson. So, we have five four six four four eight six three for your account number. Is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct.
OK, it looks like you have an available balance here of seventy-two dollars and forty-five cents. where would you like me to transfer this remaining balance?
I would like to transfer that to my savings account.
OK, no problem. Could you go ahead and give me your savings account number?
Yeah, it's eight five seven four five four four one.
Perfect. And what is the routing number for this savings account?
Yeah, the routing number is. Let me check for it for a second, please. I'm looking for it.
OK, no problem. Take your time.
OK, it's seven eight nine six three six five two five.
OK, thank you so much. All right, Mrs. Jackson, it looks like I can successfully this account. The closure will not officially happen until tonight at the bank close time, which is around five p.m.
after that you should have. See that reflect on Home Banking and and our other portals.
OK, great. I would also like to update some information. I recently changed my email. Can I do that now?
Yes, of course I can help you with that. this is for the same account, is that correct?
Yeah, for the same one.
OK, and you'd like to update your email address. Go ahead and provide me with a new basic email address for your account.
Yeah, it's Julie twelve Gmail dot com.
All right, perfect. Thank you very much. Julie twelve at Gmail dot com? Yeah, that's correct. All right, perfect. Thank you so much. And is there any other anything else I can help you with today while I have you on the phone?
No, I think that's everything for now.
OK, and could I interest you in any other of our banking products? Any other accounts, or loans, or anything else?
Yeah, you can just tell me something about how to get. How can I get my loan, because I wanted to buy a car, so.
OK, well, it looks like you actually came into one of our locations last week. It looks like we have that on record to talk about that. I would suggest that you return and talk with one of the banking representatives at the location. They can help you with a specialized service based on your specific circumstances.
Yeah, I think that would be better, OK? I don't think there's anything else you can help me with.
All right. Well, thank you very much for calling, Julie Jackson. It's been a pleasure helping you out, and I hope you have a great rest of the day.
Thanks, you too. Bye.
Goodbye.
Good Morning, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mike. Mike, operator two three four. How can I help you today?
Hi, I'm Latoya. I'm calling because I lost my card.
No problem ma'am. If I could just verify some of your basic information to get access to your account, we can see what we can do to help you here today. Could I please use the first and last spelling of your name?
First name is spelled L A T O Y A. Last name is spelled W A L K E R.
No problem, ma'am. May I please have your date of birth?
Date of birth is May fifth nineteen ninety.
OK, no problem ma'am. May I please have the account or debit card number?
the debit card number is four three two twenty-four oh four thirty-two fifty-two nineteen sixty-seven.
No problem. Thank you, ma'am. Also, you have a double security measure on your account. You have a security question what is the street that you were born on?
it's it should be Broad Street. My address is nineteen forty-four North Broad Street. Philadelphia, P A. One nine one four one is the ZIP code, and my email address is Latoya Walker two nineteen at Gmail dot com.
No problem ma'am. Give me one second while I access your account.
OK, the first thing we're gonna do here ma'am, is we're gonna cancel that debit card. So, therefore if any fraudulent activity happens to occur on your account, you are covered up to a million dollars with the insure a lot feature that you have with your account. also they're going to send you out a link to your email stating what you can do and the procedures and steps to follow once you receive your debit card. remember if there's any fraudulent activities you you are protected on your account which is a very good feature that we have. also, it has an overdraft protection for you, so if there's anything that happens Also, your card will be mailed out to the address that you provided earlier and it will be out to your address within seven to ten business days. Within seven to ten business days if you do not receive the card please give us a call and immediately, that way we can get right on it and we'll most likely at that point have you a card expedited out to you Also, if you are near a branch or location, you can come in. you will need to forms of ID and you can get a debit card cut for you that day . is there anything else you would like for me to do ma'am in the meantime?
Mhm.
yes yes I noticed that the last time when I checked my account there was a transaction that was coming and I was wondering if it go through and it was a transaction that I approved. It was for Amazon. I bought something on Amazon and I think it was twenty-four dollars. Can you please check to see if it was approved?
no problem, ma'am, I can do that. could you just do me one small favor?
Mhm.
could you give me the date the transaction was made?
it should of been yesterday on the seventh.
No problem ma'am, just give me one second while I look up that transaction.
Mhm.
No problem ma'am. I do see that transaction on your account and it was approved. did you want to dispute that transaction or?
No, I was just trying to make sure that it came off the account and that by you canceling my card it wouldn't like cause that transaction to be voided out.
Well, just to tell you ma'am, that in particular transaction was approved. due to the fact that you are calling in today to report your card stolen, it would mean that any transaction from hence here out, would be deemed as fraudulent activity and it would be declined.
OK.
other than that you are like I said you had the double security features here and you have a pretty good security features on your account . thank you for calling Intellibank this is Mike, Mike operator two three four is there anything else I can help you with today ma'am?
no, that's just about it. Thank you very much for helping me.
No problem. Thank you for calling Intelli~. You have a blessed day.
You too. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
yes, first name Ben, last name Reilly.
OK. Reilly. R E I L Y or L L Y?
it's two Ls. R E I L L Y.
L L Y. OK. Can I also get your date of birth?
yes. November twenty-third nineteen seventy-nine.
OK. And for security purposes, can I get your state ID or driver's license?
yes, that would be R P four zero seven five seven three.
All righty, and also for security purpose, can I get your email address that we have on file?
yes. The email is B as in boy. Reilly, that's R E I L L Y seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
OK. And you said it's at seven nine at Yahoo dot com?
Correct.
OK. OK. How can I help you Mr. Reilly?
well first I want to update my email information on my account.
OK. We can do that.
All right. And what's the new email?
so you would just changing the server from my at Yahoo to Gmail, so this time it'll be B Reilly seven nine at Gmail dot com.
At Gmail dot com. Easy fix. Easy transition. Leaving Yahoo going to Gmail.
Mhm. Mhm.
yeah. My Yahoo folder has filled up. I have no more memory without paying and I refuse.
Wow! They have you pay now?
yeah, once you reach a certain memory threshold you have to pay like I think like five ninety-nine a month and I I just don't think it's worth it. I barely use it anymore anyway.
I don't think anybody really uses Yahoo anymore, yeah, that. I I respect that move.
I mean, I get nothing but spam in that folder anyway. So, you know.
Right, yeah.
I remember Yahoo AOL, Hotmail a lot of them be spammed out.
Yeah.
OK. All right. We'll get that done. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
I I wanna know the nearest branch location near me.
OK.
You're still in the ZIP code four five two two five?
yes.
OK.
All right . You're still at thirty-two thirty-eight Bowling Green Street?
Yes, correct.
OK.
OK right now, what I'm looking at, we have a new branch on fifty-two thirty-eight Main Street. that's about less than two miles and near you.
That's not too bad.
Yeah . Let's get another one. We got one that's two miles out from you west, going west
on forty-three, sixty-seven Cowhorn Street.
Mm OK.
Mm so whether you're coming in or out, you know, north or south, you you should be able to find a bank near you.
And that's the one that is off Highway seventy-five?
Cowhorn Street? Yes.
OK.
Yes.
Yes. yeah, it. Matter of fact while I have you on the phone, do you have the Intellibank app?
I do not, actually.
You do not?
No.
OK. If you can go to Google Store.
Mhm.
Google Play Store or even the Apple Store and go to or search Intellibank app, that's Intelli with a I.
M~
OK.
yeah, once you download that you can pretty much type in same information as you gave me and it'll ping where you're currently located at. Different branches, different ATMs, different different ATMs that charge, different ATMs that don't charge. it's pretty well well-rounded app and you can also check our account, change things in real time for your account with that app. But yeah, is there anything else I can help you with Mr. Reilly?
Also you're saying that with using the app, I can update all of my information and locate branches and ATMs, just using this app?
Yes, yes.
Awesome. That's
Great.
yeah you just download that. Make make an account. Make sure you have this new email that you just gave me to log in on and you're good to go man.
Mhm.
Awesome, sounds like a plan.
That ain't nothing. I'm glad I sound like a plan? Anything I can help you out?
no, that'll that'll be it.
Well, you have a lovely day Mr. Reilly and thank you for calling Intellibank.
All right, thanks a lot.
No problem.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi, I'm calling in to report that my account has been stolen.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry to hear that. I can go ahead and help you in this situation. Can I get your name and date of birth, please?
OK. My name is Charlene . And my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
All right, thank you so much, Charlene. And can I, please, also get your account number?
OK, my account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four. And also, my phone number is five five one two nine nine one five five one nine.
All right, thank you so much for that, Charlene. also, can I get your credit card number?
OK. My credit card number is one nine two nine three nine one three two seven five five two two two four.
All right, thank you.
wait a minute. I think I made a mistake.
No problem.
OK. repeat that again?
Sure.
OK. Four nine two nine three eight one three two seven five five two two two four.
All right, thank you so much for that correction, Charlene. one more question. I'm going to ask you your security question. And you're going to answer me the answer you you gave to it when you first created it. So, what is your mother's maiden name?
OK.
Taylor. T A Y Y L O R.
All right, thank you so much, Charlene. That is the correct answer. So now, what was the date that you first noticed your card was stolen?
Yes.
OK.
It was actually last night.
OK, last night. And do you remember your most recent transaction that you did with that card?
I bought concert tickets.
Concert tickets. And did you buy those concert tickets online?
No, it was at the theater.
In what, sorry?
It was at the theater.
OK, no problem. So, after you purchased your tickets at the theater, you saw. You noticed it was stolen.
Yeah. When I got back home I couldn't find it in my purse.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry to hear that, Charlene.
Yeah.
I will try to go ahead and fix the situation for you. So, what I can do is I can cancel that card so the person who stole it cannot make any transactions with it and I can go ahead and re-issue you a new one.
OK.
OK, so can I please confirm the address so I can issue you your new card?
OK. It nine three three.
Uh-huh.
Brookside Street Garland That's Texas. And ZIP code is seven five zero four one.
All right, thank you so much for confirming your address for me. So, I have gone ahead and I've canceled your old credit card. It has been canceled and I have just issued you a new one. And you should receive it in about three to four weeks. Three weeks is minimum. And four weeks will be the maximum number it will take for you to receive it. If you don't receive it by four weeks you can call us again. And we can try to figure out when it will arrive. And once you receive it there will be a sticker on the back of the card that you can use to activate it. There will be a phone number on it. And it will be machine automated. So, you'll call the number and the machine will prompt you to activate your card.
Uh-huh.
OK.
Uh-huh.
Oh, OK.
Yes, and is there anything That else?
That.
Sounds good.
Of course, is there anything else you would like help with today?
No, that's it for today.
All right, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Take care.
You, too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sean. How may I help you?
yes I need to make a wire transfer. Can you help me with that?
I can help you with that. I just need to collect some information and verify your identity.
All right.
Can we begin with your first and last name, and your date of birth?
My name is John Wayne McArthur. I was born on April third, nineteen sixty-one.
Thank you, Mr. McArthur Now, may I also have your account number?
My account number, I don't I actually don't know yeah. Oh let's see.
OK. I got. What I got's my credit card number but I I'm gonna need my account number too so. So give me just a second to to get that. OK. my account number is three nine one two zero three. And my credit card number is four two three nine, two one seven six four three zero zero one one two seven. My drivers license number is a Georgia drivers license six four seven three eight two nine.
OK. Thank you very much Mr. McArthur. That information is is very helpful. now to can I just ask one more security question. If you could tell me the name of your first pet.
the name of my first pet was a dog named Puppy. P U P P Y.
Thank you Mr. McArthur. now then let's move on to your wire transfer. and we confirm the details of the transaction that you would like to make.
OK. Yes
what do you need to know?
OK What account would you like to transfer funds from? Would this be a checking account?
Yeah. I I wanna send it from my checking account. My checking account number is three nine one two zero three I've got a credit card but I do not want to use the credit card on this one. I wanna keep it separate from the from just the debit. So, you know if just is a debit, then it'll go through right away and so I got the credit card but I want the the regular debit account. Just like on my checks. Three nine one two zero three.
No problem, Mr. McArthur. and what is the dollar amount of that transfer?
One hundred forty-two dollars, sixty-five cents.
That is one hundred forty-two dollars and sixty-five cents. And will this be domestic or international?
this is a domestic. It's I'm. I'm sending it up to to Colorado. So Yeah it's it's it's in it's in the not in the state but it's in the country.
OK. That'll be a domestic transfer. And the deposit routing number?
OK. I got that right here. that's just a nine digit number?
is it a. OK one five seven two zero zero five three zero.
OK. Thank you Mr. McArthur. And once again can I have that account number?
OK. That's six nine one two zero seven four The business is Green Products. out of Denver.
OK then. So we will be transferring one hundred and forty-two dollars and sixty-five cents, domestically, from your checking account.
That's correct.
Not the credit card, the checking account, so you're right.
OK.
OK. Very nice. We'll take care of that for you. And just to let you know once that those funds have been transferred out your account balance will then be two hundred and six dollars and five cents.
OK I That sounds real good. do you know when this transaction's gonna go through? It'll go through today? Or or tomorrow or what?
the transaction has been initiated and it will complete by two p.m. this business day.
Oh OK. That's that's really good. So that'll get in there before the weekend. And get my order online and be gettin' it in the mail. So that's good. Good news.
Very nice. OK Mr. McArthur. Would you like to have further information about our online banking services to assist you if you should have this need again in the future?
I appreciate it. I already do the online banking but I just. I didn't want to use it this time.
I I just wanted to call this time. But I'll probably use the online banking next time. I I appreciate your help though.
Oh thank you Mr. McArthur. Is there anything else we can do for you?
That'll be all.
Thank you for using Intellibank.
Thank you.
Hello thank you for calling bank, how can we help you today?
yeah I need some information I need to find an ATM I moved again, moving too much all the time but you guys still have branches near me so I kept your bank so I need information, shouldn't take too long.
OK yes sir we'll be more than happy to help you do that could you please clarify a little bit of information for me first? I would like to have your date of birth and your address please.
Date of birth, yeah, yeah nine ten two thousand and my address is five fifty-six, butter tree cup now now that's a that's a new address do you have do you you might have seven seven bridge Is that the one you have?
Yes sir that is the one I have right now.
OK well I'll need to change that one to five fifty-six are you ready?
Yes, yes sir.
five fifty-six butter tree cup road.
OK.
Then West Virginia five two, two two two.
OK. Thank you sir for that information, and could you please clarify your your your your account number so I could verify that for the security.
Yeah my name's Randy Whitaker seven one nine, eight six oh, two two two.
OK, thank very much for that sir OK what, what state are you calling from again?
I'm in West Virginia I'm not, I'm in I'm in I'm in the state.
OK and you said you were looking at finding an ATM?
Yeah I I need I need ATM I need I want to know what kind of ATM cuz there are so many different ones and I have a lotta cash at hand with my job sometimes so I just had to had to question, where is the closest one from butter tree cup?
OK. OK.
OK sir and the city again?
I'm in the southern part of the State within Van. It's in Boone county.
Oh, OK. Yes.
Yes sir. Let's see.
Yeah.
Logan. Wait, maybe Logan .
Hold on just a second and I will get some some things on the map one second please.
All right.
OK let's see OK what you wanna do is hit the Walmart there that's about three miles away from Yes that would be the exact one and affiliates of ours and their ATM is twenty-four hours.
tree plaza?
Oh that's great. That's so .
and they also have like the checkless deposit and you know also do you you can access the account even if you don't have your account information cuz they're gonna have your driver's license. Yes, yes sir as long as you have.
Oh, so it's an it's an I.
It's an ITM?
You hit that button and the person shows up?
As long as you have your ID Yes sir and Yeah.
Show them my ID? OK.
That's good.
Are they open twenty-four hours?
Yes.
They are, they are open as long as the Walmart's open.
Someone may have been.
Thought they'd close early cuz of that cordova virus thing going on.
And there's a couple more that are located in that vicinity about three miles away from that is a grocery store called grants and they also have one.
They're way, they're overpriced I'll tell you.
Yes I don't know about that but I do know that the ATM is accessible it's there the door twenty-four hours you can access the ATM but you wanna be careful of any affiliate that is not our affiliate you will be charged a fee to use their ATM services.
You mean yours is free but anywhere else it costs? OK, cool. That's usually that's usually standard. I had I had a bank years ago, they charged you for using their own. I was like what?
Yes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Oh, my.
That's, that's crazy.
That's about dumb Hey do you, do I have to wear a mask if I come into your facility? I got both corona shots.
Sorry right now.
Yeah right now we are suggesting that you do wear a mask, it's not mandatory but we do suggest that for your own protection.
.
Yeah we suggest that you do wear a mask when you come into our facility let's see.
If I had worn a mask to your facility two years ago I'd get tackled and arrested.
guess so
also can I do cash deposits?
Yes you sure can.
Oh sweet that's great.
And there is a daily withdrawal balance you have to follow also your daily withdrawal is five hundred.
Oh you mean my limit?
Yes your limit.
OK OK.
It's five hundred so Yes sir you sure can. I can help you do that right now.
Can I bump that up to a thousand?
OK .
OK sir OK you're good to go, you're all set with that, we've bumped you up to a thousand dollar limit and let's see where is it? Are you available with our online services that you can access twenty-four hours a day?
Yeah I just don't have my internet hooked up at the new place yet. well I do have it on my phone now.
OK.
But to get internet service when I'm living soon .
It's bank, bank dot com. Is the website and you want to go on there and put in your information and you'll be able to access anything you need twenty-four hours a day is there anything else I can help you with today?
is any other ATMs around that area? that the only one?
those are the two closest in your area that's close to where you are there, there's one about six miles away going north that it's up to you I feel like it'll be for you.
All right can I if I open up a savings account I can withdraw like transfer money from my checking to my savings? OK. Cool, cool.
Yes. You sure can, sir. You sure can.
You just follow the prompts and it will instruct you on how to do that and but you if you have any problems or any questions don't hesitate to call back and we'll be more than happy to help you.
the ATM lady just show her my ID and put it up to the screen or something?
Yes. Yes, she comes on then she comes she comes on she comes on the line and she will verify your information and then you can work with her on further pushing your money through where it needs to go.
And then she wants you.
What's your hours at your lobby?
we are nine to six. daily, Monday to Friday Saturdays we are nine to four.
What about Saturday?
OK.
Mhm.
Do you guys do small business loans by chance?
Yes we do.
What's your interest rate?
right now we're at three point one percent.
Wow Hey that's pretty cool. I'll this week .
Yes sir sounds great is there anything I can anything else I can help you with?
I guess that's about it.
well thank you for being a loyal customer to bank and thank you for calling.
Hey no problem appreciate it.
Bye bye now.
Bye.
Hello thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie, how can I help you today?
yes yes I'm calling today because I want to dispute a transaction please.
OK sir I can certainly help you with that. Before I complete your request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account.
OK.
All right sir can I have your first and last name please?
My first name is Dale my last name is Walker.
All right Dale D A L E. Walker. OK sir what is your date of birth?
Yes, yes.
My date of birth is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
OK sir that date of birth was ten thirty-first nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
And for authentication purposes could you give me your driver's license number please?
My driver's license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right sir that was six one nine five two four six nine six.
no, it's say it again six one nine five two four nine six two nine six nine.
Yes sir that's what I said.
Oh, OK I got I got hard of hearing.
I think you might've added an extra number there.
Oh.
I'm sorry about that.
That's no
Problem. OK sir and for account security purposes could I have the last four digits of your social?
Yes yes it's seven zero three nine.
All right sir that's seven zero three nine?
Yes.
OK and right now it looks like I need to verify a little bit of your information. Could I verify your home address sir?
yes yes I I I think I have two different addresses I lived at my old one is nineteen twenty-four West Best Street and now and now I'm at I'm at thirty-nine seven four Rosewood Lane.
I'm sorry, sorry about that.
OK sir and you have.
It's thirty-three four oh Pinewood Drive. Sorry about that.
OK so that thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane that's that was your childhood street address. Correct. OK.
yes. Yes. Sorry
About that.
Yes, sir. I have on file here the thirty-three forty Pinewood Drive over North Chicago, Illinois.
Yes.
Yes I have that on file as your home address right now.
OK, sorry about that.
OK sir that's no problem. I completely understand. So you're wanting to dispute a transaction?
Yes.
OK sir I need to get a little bit of information about that transaction before I can process your request.
All right.
OK sir could you give me that amount of that transaction please?
Yeah it was just a hundred thirty-nine dollars.
A hundred and thirty-nine dollars.
Yes.
Even OK sir do you know the date of that transaction?
Yes I wrote that down. It's the ninth of the tenth two two thousand twenty-one.
OK sir that happened on the tenth of last month?
Yes.
OK so what was the reason you wanted to dispute this transaction.
I don't remember even doing anything.
OK sir so you don't remember actually making this purchase in this amount?
No I don't.
OK sir do you know of anyone that has access to this account maybe they did this transaction?
Oh no, no one got no one got that.
OK so no one has access to your account.
no.
OK sir it shows here that the transaction was was a at a local gas station.
I don't remember that.
OK so you don't actually.
I don't have a car, I don't have a car.
OK so you don't even have a car.
no I don't have a car.
OK, sir.
I don't.
.
So no no gas transactions for you. OK.
No, no.
Not unless my bike take gas.
OK So is this transaction part of a membership possibly? Or some type of subscription at that at that OK.
No.
OK, so did you happen to contact the business?
No I didn't do that.
To
OK sir, so no and no. All right sir it looks like I have all the information necessary, so that I can go ahead and dispute this transaction for you.
OK.
I have escalated this transaction and I will be it will be investigated by the fraud department. it can take anywhere from one to ten business days for this transaction to be completed . We will have to notify you in writing of the results of the investigation sir so in the meantime we're gonna have to put the that transaction in your account card. your debit card, we're gonna have to put that on hold, that way there's no further fraudulent activity while we process your request.
All right.
OK, thank you. So how your been going Maggie I mean I forgot your name there now what's your name Maggie?
no sir that's Leslie and my days been going pretty well, and you Mr. Walker?
Oh.
I I.
Been I I've been doing good except except this thing right here I'm trying to get it right.
OK sir well we're gonna process this as soon as possible. Hopefully it'll make your day go a little bit better.
K thank you.
OK sir I do have a confirmation number if you want it.
Oh, no no I won't need it, you already helped me with enough.
OK sir so if you have any further questions. You can just call us and let us know about what your you need to ask some questions about, and we'll try out best to help you.
thank you.
OK sir Mr. Walker, thank you so much for your time and patience, again my name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Bye.
Right. Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mike Mike, operator two three four. How can I help you?
Hi. I'm calling to transfer money to my mortgage company.
No problem ma'am. I can help you with that information. I just need to ask you a few questions to verify your account then I can setup that transaction for you. May I please have the first and last name on the account?
first name is Micaela, last name Adams.
No problem ma'am. May I please have the date of birth?
Date of birth is December fourteen nineteen ninety-five.
OK, thank you and may I please have the answer to the security question. it states what city were you born in?
I was born in Jacksonville.
No problem, ma'am. And last not not least. May I please have the last four of your social?
The last four is seventy-eight oh two.
No problem ma'am. Can you give me a few seconds so I can gain access to your account?
Mhm.
OK ma'am. I would just like to ask you is that a international or a domestic transfer?
it's in state so yeah I would say it's domestic, yeah.
No problem. I just need to get some information. May I please have the routing number, the account number, the name of your mortgage company and the amount that you would like transferred?
All right. Let's so let's start let's start with the routing number. Routing number is five four two six five four three two zero.
No problem ma'am and what is the account number, the name of the bank?
The account number is five four nine three two three fifty-four twenty-one and twelve.
No problem and the name of the institution ma'am?
Sage Mortgage Group.
No problem and final, what is the amount that you would like?
A thousand dollars.
No problem ma'am. Give me one second.
No problem.
Your transfer has been setup. It takes three to five business days. You will receive an email confirmation within a next fifteen minutes stating that you setup automatic transfer to your mortgage company, ma'am.
No problem.
Is there anything else so I can help you with today ma'am?
yes. Do you guys happen to have mobile banking by chance?
we do have mobile banking but we do not have mobile check deposits. If you would like to deposit a check, you would have to go into one of your local branches or they do accept cash or check deposits through ATM. If you give me your ZIP code, I'll be able to email you the branch locations of six ATMs or branches that's nearest to you. the times and locations so you can be able to take care of that. unfortunately, we don't have the mobile checking ma'am so would you like me to take care of that transaction for you and send you out the list of banks and branches where you can able to make a direct deposit at those locations, ma'am?
Oh wow, oh my God. I really wanted to to deposit a check online through my phone I live out in the desert area so it's like hard for me to get to the bank. The closest bank is like literally far out. but anyway, I'm gonna give you my ZIP code. Hopefully you find something. the ZIP code is one zero sixteen one nine zero sixteen, sorry about that.
No problem, give me a few seconds ma'am, while I try to look up this information.
OK.
OK, the nearest branch to you ma'am is around about fifteen miles. I I have sent that location to your email but we do have one final alternative for you, which you might could help you in this situation. We do have a I could give you the address to our main office and you would be able to mail in a check to have it deposited into your account. If that would be able to assist you in any way.
No, I don't trust that I'll just. Oh my God. I really wanted the mobile banking option. I'll just. I guess I'll just see what else I can do. I'll just go down there if I can. I don't know. I won't be able to go today. I have to ask my family.
No problem.
No problem ma'am. I do apologize for any inconvenience. I wish I could further assist you. thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mike Mike, operator two three four. Is there anything else that I can try to do for you today, ma'am?
No, that's just about it. Thank you very much.
No problem. Thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a blessed day.
You too, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kara speaking, how may I help you?
Hi Kara. I would like to report a lost stolen card and make a internal transfer.
OK. Before we start can I ask you a couple questions?
Sure.
full name?
Tammy fields.
Date of birth?
Three twenty-six nineteen eighty.
Account number?
Three, eight, nine, two, four, zero, two, eight, three, zero, four, zero, zero, two, zero, four.
And that is three, eight, tw~, three, eight, nine, two, four, zero, two, eight, three, zero, four, zero, zero, two, zero, four?
That is correct.
OK. And the answer to your security question?
Green.
OK. So you're calling today because your card is lost and you're trying to make an internal transfer today?
That is correct.
OK. Let me go into your account and turn off your card and put in for a new card your address. And your address is thirty-two forty-two Huntington street?
Yes that's. Oh I'm sorry.
I apologize. Charleston South Carolina. Three, oh, two, one, six?
Yes, that is correct.
OK. So that's the internal transfer. May I have the account number?
Eight, nine, four, five, five, six, four, three, zero, three, one, two, three, one, two, four.
OK. So the account number is zero, nine, four, five, five, six, four, three, zero, three, one, two, three, two, one, four?
Three, one, two, four.
it's three, one, two, four? I apologize ma'am. And what is the amount?
A hundred and fifty.
A hundred and fifty dollars?
Yes it is.
OK, let me process that through. how are you doing today ma'am?
Fine. How are you doing today?
Everything's going good. Is everything going good with you?
Yes, I do have a question. is there. Can I sign into my account instead of making a call to report a card or make a transfer?
Yes. You can go into the app or you can go into the website and sign into your account and go over into the left side and say account details and making a reporting your card lost and turning your card off and to make internal transfers.
All right. Thank you so much.
You're welcome and I have processed that through for you today. And we have made the internal transfer and we have sent out for you to get a new card to your address. And is there anything else that you need me to help you with today?
No, that was it. Thank you.
OK. Well my name is Karen if you need anything else please do not hesitate to call us at anytime.
All right, thank you.
All right, have a good day.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
Good morning, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lisa, how may I help you today?
Hi, I would like to make a wire transfer.
OK. I'd be happy to help you with that. May I have your name and date of birth?
Yes. My name is Daniel Corson. That's C O R S O N my date of birth is January twenty-seventh, nineteen seventy.
Thank you Mr. Corson. And can you please verify your address?
yes. My address is one zero seven five Deer Cove Drive. So it's D E E R C O V E Drive.
In what city and state is that in?
Oh that's in Midlands, Texas.
And the ZIP code?
It's seven nine seven five six.
Thank you Mr. Corson. All right, I. For security purposes, can I get you to answer a security question?
Yes.
What is the name of your first pet?
Mr. Big.
Yes, thanks so much. All right. What is the account number of of the account you'd like to transfer from?
OK my account number is one five seven one two six two seven five three.
Perfect. OK, so it looks like we have a balance in that account of two thousand two hundred and ninety dollars, and twenty-two cents. May I have the the routing number for that account?
Yeah, the routing number zero three one one six six six seven two.
All right. So that routing number with zero three one one six six six seven two.
Yes, that's correct.
Great. And who are we transferring this to? I need their full name please.
it's Gary Wilson.
W I L S O N?
Yes.
And Gary with a G?
Yes.
G
A R Y? OK. And the full address please?
It's three eight two three Hamilton Drive.
The city and state with the ZIP code?
Austin, Texas. Seven nine seven four four.
Thank you. And can I get that account number that you're transferring to?
yeah. Give give me a second. I thought I have it written down. OK. The the account number yeah. The account number is eight two three eight six seven five three oh nine.
And the routing number?
the routing number is zero five six six four seven seven six.
All right. So we're transferring to Gary Wilson at three eight two three Hamilton Drive Austin, Texas. Seven nine seven four four account number eight two three eight six seven five three zero nine. Routing number zero five six six four seven seven six. Is that correct?
no, hold on. I I messed up I think on the on the routing number. the routing number should be zero five six six four seven seven nine, not six.
OK. So that routing number is zero five six six four seven seven nine.
Yes that's correct. I'm sorry about that.
No problem. I appreciate you catching it though. And how much money are we sending to Mr. Wilson?
one thousand dollars even.
One thousand even, all right. Just bear with me for a moment while we get that going.
OK. So how's your day then?
My day's been going along. It's been busy, how about yours?
I'm all right, I'm the same way. I've just got a lot of work to do today.
Well, It's getting close to the end of the week so I would expect nothing less.
Yeah.
OK. almost finished up here, just one more minute. What's the weather like in Texas right now?
It's warm. It's not too bad but it's it's it's still still pretty hot.
Yeah I guess out there it's still kinda summer for you guys isn't it?
Yeah.
OK. All right. Your transfer is complete. I've transferred one thousand dollars to Gary Wilson. So that leaves you a balance of one thousand two hundred and ninety dollars and twenty-two cents in your checking account. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That'd be it.
OK. Would you like any information on online banking? To make your future transfers and balance checks more convenient?
No. I've been meaning to sign up for that and to download the app for my phone, I just haven't gotten around to it yet.
OK. Well, it's it's available. It's a pretty quick process is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No. That'll be it.
All right. Well again my name is Lisa, thanks so much for your time today and you have a great weekend.
OK thank you Lisa, you too.
Thanks, bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How may I help you today?
yes. I need to get the balance of my account. you know what? Never mind, I don't need that. I'm at a hotel downtown and I don't want them to use my debit card. because they might lock it up. Can you help me with some nearby ATM machine please?
Yes sir. I certainly can help you find a few local ATMs by your location. I need to get a little information about your location, about you, so that I can actually help you sir.
Alright.
OK sir can I start with your first and last name please?
First name Dale Last name Walker.
Alright Mr. Walker. Give me just a moment.
OK.
OK. Can I get your street address. the location in question?
yes, yes. I'm at fifty-three. Fifty-three avenue Dundee, Illinois. Six, zero one, one, eight.
Alright sir. You said you're at fifty-three avenue, Dundee, Illinois. Six, zero, one, one, eight.
Yes.
Alright sir. Give me just one moment while I look up any local ATMs in your area.
Yes.
OK.
OK sir. All right. It looks like I have the listing of about five ATMs
Oh, five. That's a lot. All right.
Nearby.
Two of those are within walking distance of that hotel. But three of those require a short drive. They're about a half a mile away.
OK.
I will take them.
OK. I'll give you those first two closest ATMs first sir.
All right.
OK. So, we have one located at seventy-five ninety-seven James Street.
OK.
That is just around the corner from that hotel.
All right. James street.
That.
Yes sir. James street.
And that is a twenty-four hour ATM location.
Alright.
They have both walk-up and drive through.
OK.
Alright sir. The next location is at eighty-seven, ninety-one, tower drive.
OK. Tower Drive.
Yes sir.
Alright.
That one is one of our branch locations lobby. Area. that shuts down, they shut down that lobby at around ten p.m..
ten p.m.?
Yes sir.
OK.
Alright. And these next three locations, like I said sir, they are within driving distance.
Alright, well.
OK. We have one at seven, sixty-eight Wilson Road.
Seven sixty-eight Wilson Road?
Yes sir.
Got that.
It's about a half a mile away. That is a twenty-four hour ATM.
Alright, got it that.
Our next location is at eighty-four, oh, seven. Valley Drive.
Eighty-four, oh, seven. You said Baileys Drive?
Valley V A L L E Y.
Alright, I got that.
OK. That one is a twenty-four hour ATM as well.
Alright. I got that.
and this next one is at eighty two, thirty-eight, Lakeview Avenue.
Lakeview Avenue.
That one is a lobby location and it closes at ten p.m..
OK. I believe I take the ones that closest to me. is there a fee for that? Transaction fee?
No sir. There are no fees at our local ATMs.
Alright.
I do have a location for a branch outside of our company of outside of our bank that ATM is actually within walking distance as well, if you wanted to try that one? It's a little closer than ours. But, there is a fee for withdrawal.
well yes, I'll take that one.
All right sir. That address is at seven ten Phoenix Street.
OK. It, like, like, Phoenix like the bird?
Yes, sir.
All right.
P H O E N I X.
Alright. Thank you very much.
All right sir. They have a fee on that one of about two to five dollars. Yes, sir.
very much.
Two to five? OK.
I can, I can handle that. That there. How you been doing so far? Everything going OK for you?
Yes sir. Everything's doing pretty good with me. How about you sir?
OK. How's the weather there?
Oh it's pretty good. Nice and sunny, no rain.
the weather kinda tricky here but.
I hope it stays this way till Halloween.
yes. It is what it is.
Alright sir. Is there anything else we can do for you today Mr. Walker?
that's about it, Lesley right?
Yes sir.
All right. Thank you Lesley.
All right. Thank you so much for your time and patience Mr. Walker. Again, my name is Lesley. If you have any other questions, feel free to call us back. And I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
And you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hello. I'd like assistance in making a wire transfer.
All right. No problem. I can go ahead and help you out with that. First, I'm gonna need to gather some information from you. So can I have your name and date of birth please?
My name is Charlene Peterson and my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
All right. Thank you so much for that, Charlene. Can I also ask for your account number?
OK. My account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right. Thank you so much for that. And also, I'm going to have to ask you a security question. This is to help me verify your identity. So what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Taylor. T A Y L O R.
I see. All right. Thank you so much for that. That was the correct answer. And also, I'm going to ask you the dollar amount for the transfer you're trying to complete.
six hundred dollars.
All right. Six hundred dollars. And can you tell me the account number you would like this to be withdrawn from?
OK. The account number is seven five eight six five four three three four nine.
All right. Let me just go ahead and pull that up for you. OK. So, will the recipient be domestic or international?
domestic.
Domestic. OK. Now, can I please have the routing number for the deposit?
OK. It's five five one nine nine one one two five nine.
All right. Thank you so much for that. And, I'm also going to need the deposit account number please.
OK. Two seven three eight two nine two two four seven.
All right. Thank you so much for that. So I am initiating the transfer right now. This should take about a couple seconds.
Oh, OK. And how will I know if the transfer has been completed?
So I will go ahead and do the transfer right now and once it's been completed on my end, you should receive an email shortly within a couple minutes. However, it does take about one to two business days for the recipient to receive the transfer.
Oh, OK. So that's that's if it's a domestic transfer, right?
Sure, and you.
Correct. domestic transfers take about one to two business days. However, international transfers take about five business days.
Oh. I understand that. And, how is the weather on your side?
Oh the weather is so great, thank you! How's the weather on your end?
It's OK. I can't complain much. Yeah.
Nice.
Yes, it's about to get cold which I'm scared of because I prefer warm weather.
that's nice to know.
Yes. All right. So, your transfer has been completed on our end. It has been initiated and they should receive it in about two business days. there is a fee of about one percent, so you will see that deducted from the transfer and you should receive an email shortly right after the call detailing the transfer and the amount. And if you have any questions about it, you can always call back.
That's good to know.
All right. Of course, Charlene. Now, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That's it for now.
All right, no problem. You have a great day.
You too.
All right. Take care.
Thank you.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose, how can I help you?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
I'm doing pretty well.
I need some help please. I would like to transfer the balance from my savings to my checking and then I'd like to close that savings account please.
sure, I can definitely help you with that.
I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into the account. which account were you wanting to close? I'm sorry.
That's OK. I wanna close my savings, but I wanna transfer the balance from my savings to my checking first before we close it.
OK.
All right.
So, first thing I need to ask you is your first and last name.
Sure, it's Kim Johns. That's J O H N S and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Thank you and I also need to know the savings account number.
Sure, my savings account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
All right, thank you so much and I need to know your deposits account number.
and my checking account is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK, thank you so much and the dollar amount that we are.
So we're transferring the balance?
Right. Exactly. OK.
Right. Yeah, I
I have here what I think the balance should be, but I was wondering if you could, you know, tell me what the balance is and then, like I said, I'd like to transfer that to the checking.
OK, so the balance in the savings account is three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
Oh OK, great.
Is that what you had?
Yeah, that matches what I have.
OK. All right. So we'll go ahead and I will initiate that transfer now. Bear with me just one moment.
Perfect.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
OK Miss Johns, I was able to initiate that transfer for you and it's a domestic transfer of course cuz it's, you know, in our banking in this United States. Just wanted to say that.
Uh-huh.
And I just sent out an email confirming that transfer.
OK.
It'll take about thirty seconds for you to receive that. Could you check your email for me please? Let me know if it did come through.
sure, yeah let me let me log into my email real quick and check.
All right.
OK. OK yep, I see it right here.
Awesome. I did want to advise you of your current balance in your checking account now.
it is five thousand five hundred dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK. Perfect.
You're very welcome and I did have a a couple of questions to ask you before we end our call.
would you like any further information about setting up online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
no, not right now cuz I'm actually gonna I would like to close that savings account and you know, so now I won't be transferring between accounts just for for right now. I'm not gonna be able to have the minimum balance probably for the next couple of months in there. So I just wanna close the savings account and when I'm ready, you know, when I'm able to I will open another one with you guys.
Certainly and then the last question I had was your reason for wanting to close your account.
The savings account .
like I was saying there, I'm not gonna have the amount the minimum balance in there. So instead of being charged the fees I'm like to close the account.
Gotcha. OK, I understand.
I'll go ahead and start that process right now. It takes just a few minutes and then I'll get a confirmation of that account closure to your email as well, OK?
OK, great. Thank you.
You're welcome.
OK Ms. Johns, I have just sent out a a email to your current email that we have on file and that has in it within it why you wanted to close your account and also a link in there if you would like to reopen an account with us online in in the future just to make that easier for you. I know you said that you might possibly do that so I included that link and was there anything else that I could help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I appreciate it.
You are very welcome, Ms. Johns. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks. You too, darling.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yeah, I just got a notice in the mail saying something is wrong with my account. I don't know why this sort of thing always always happen to me. can you please help me with this?
yes, sir I certainly can. before I complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions to verify account information first.
All right.
OK, sir could I have your first and last name, please?
Yes, my name is Dan Walker.
All right, Mr. Walker. Could I have your date of birth?
Yes my date of birth is Ten thirty-first nineteen seventy-four.
All right, you said ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four.
Yes yes.
All right sir, for authentication purposes, could I have your driver's license number, please?
Yes, you sure can. It's six one nine five two four nine six nine.
All right, sir, you said it is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Yes Ma'am.
All right and for security questions. could you please give your mother's maiden name?
yes, my mother's maiden name is Wilson.
All right, sir, I have your file here. So you need to check your account balance you say?
Yes yes, please.
will that be a checking or savings account?
I believe to my checking.
All right, sir, so you're gonna check the balance on your checking account.
Yes.
Could you give me that account, please?
My checking account number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
All right, again that number is five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Yes.
OK, sir. You currently have an account balance of five hundred and fifty-nine dollars and twenty cents. Does that sound accurate to you?
yes, that sounds about right.
All right sir. It looks like you had a check that was coming through that actually was declined and reprocessed. I'm not sure what happened with your account, perharps it tried to go through before the balanced showed. cuz sometimes the the check will try to process before you get your deposit in but you also have it connecting to your savings account. So looks like what happened was your savings was withdrawn of the five hundred dollars so that it can cover that check.
Oh.
Oh.
OK.
OK.
Sorry about that sir, is there anything else we can do for you while we're on the phone?
OK, how much you say I had in that checking?
Right now your current balance is five hundred and fifty-nine dollars and twenty-five cents.
OK. Do I have a do I have any fee somehow?
I know sir, there's no fees because you have it connecting to your savings. It automatically transfers money into that account, so it actually catch that catch any overdrafts anything like that before there's an overdraft fee.
OK, but my savings is low you said?
would you like to check that savings account balance?
Yes, please. If you don't mind.
OK, sir. Could you give me that number, please?
Yes, my savings account number is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
OK, that is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
yes, it is.
OK, give me just a moment while I look that up.
All right.
sir, your current balance on your savings is six oh five.
Oh All right.
OK, so there's nothing to worry about on that front and it looks like you actually, have a deposit coming through on your checking. So later on, if you want to you can do a transfer but for right now both of those accounts are fine.
OK that sounds great.
OK sir, would you like any other information? Maybe some information about online banking so that if you get a letter in the mail like that you can just check that online yourself.
yes, could you give me a few things, please?
Yes, sir. for your online banking you can actually go to our website at Intellibank dot com. On that main web page there should be two tabs in the right corner. The tab that's focused on the right should have. you should click on that. And it will go to the area where you can sign up for online banking. You'll need an email address some personal information and you can set that up and then you'll be able to access your account online. Your savings your checkings and you'll be able to check your balance make transfers or. And they'd walk you through the process so you don't have to worry about being a little confused or anything like that for that.
All right, sounds great.
All right, sir, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it you helped me with everything.
All right, thank you so much Mr. Walker for your time and patience. Again my name is Leslie. Enjoy the rest of your day.
All right, thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
yes. First name Ben. Last name Reilley.
OK. That's R E I L Y?
two L's. R E I L L Y.
OK. Can I also get your date of birth?
yes. November twenty-third nineteen seventy-nine.
OK. And for security purpose, can I get your state or driver's license maybe?
yeah. R P four zero seven. Five seven three.
OK. And also for security purpose, can I also get your email that we have on file?
yeah. My email is B as in boy Reilley R E L L Y seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
At Yahoo dot com?
Mhm.
Alrighty! How can I help you today, Ben?
I wanted to update my address in my personal file.
OK. We can do this.
How you doing today?
I'm doing all right. How about yourself?
Doing all right, doing all right. Another day another dollar.
Are you getting close to the end of the workday?
Yep! Pretty much. Can't wait to clock out!
Awesome.
Awesome.
OK. And we're changing the street address?
Yes.
OK.
All right. Let's get that new address.
Oh yeah! OK. the new address is thirty-two thirty-eight Bowling Green.
Bowling Green?
Yep.
Like actual bowling?
Yeah, like the sport.
Yeah, OK. Green. And is that avenue or street?
that is a street.
Street.
same ZIP code?
no. The ZIP code has changed. It is now four five two two five.
Four five two two five.
Alrighty. Enjoy your move?
you you know. About heavy boxes, no help.
Oh man! I don't wish that on my worst enemy! Wow!
Call your
Friends, you call your family. Sometimes they respond. Sometimes they're busy. You gotta choose the right day. I did not.
Jeez.
Right! That's that's exactly it. Man! All by yourself?
Yep, in the middle of a Wednesday.
Oh, on a Wedn~. Yeah, you wasn't getting no help!
Yeah.
Mistakes were made.
Mistakes were made! That's Hump Day! It is Hump Day. Well, I'm glad you got in nice and safe. Hope nothing was broken.
Yeah.
Oh, no. Yeah, I was very careful with my own stuff.
That. That's that's the best thing about doing it by yourself.
Mhm.
Nobody else respects your own stuff better than you. All right. Is there anything else I can do you. Do for you, Mr. Reilley?
actually that I think that that might be it. can you read me my account balance back to me please?
Account balance?
Yes, for my checking. Just want to verify some things.
OK, checking . All right. Let me get that checkings number.
Oh, yes. nine eight seven. One two three. Four five. Zero six.
Zero six?
Mhm.
OK. All right, Mr. Reilley. You are standing at nine thousand seven hundred forty-three dollars and fifty-six cents.
Oh, cool. track.
That's. That that right? OK.
Mhm.
I have a quick question. in terms of changing like my address or if I want to change my email, could this all be done if I just downloaded the app?
Mhm.
Yes. I was I was actually going to bring that up. Yeah, if you download the app at Play Store or Apple Store, Intellibank bank app. It should come up with a white green purple app.
Mhm.
Mhm.
yeah. You can pretty much do anything on there real time. give our system a couple of hours to update. I noticed a lot of people lately have been. when they transfer from one account to another they they didn't transfer right away. They might have to wait about a hour or two or maybe twenty-four hours. No more than that. but for the most part, it does. Everything happens in real time. You will get email confirmations about the information. So if anything changes, and you didn't do it, you can easily go on there or call here. And then we. We'll get it ironed out. OK?
Mm.
Awesome! Sounds like a plan.
OK. Oh yeah. Well, I'm glad you enjoying your move. Get a lot of rest! Well, Mr. Reilley, you have a good day, and thank you for calling Intellibank.
that's in the plans too.
Awesome, thanks!
Mhm.
Thanks for calling Intellibank this is Jerry how can I help you?
Yes hello Jerry. My name is Evaline Richards and I'm calling to report a lost card.
Oh I'm sorry to hear that Ms. Richards. Thanks for calling I'll be glad to assist you. If I could I just need to verify some information if Ms. Richards. what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is eleven eleven nineteen eighty-four.
OK. And Ms. Richards what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez? OK. Thanks for that. And just a little bit more information. What is your account number?
My account number is four four seven nine Six five three two. Seven four four six. Three nine two six.
Terrific. And also Ms. Richards what is your your card number?
My card number? Just a second.
Certainly. Take your time.
All right my card number is four four seven nine six five three two Seven four four six. Three nine two six. It's a Visa.
OK. And the expiration on that?
Expiration is two twenty-six.
Terrific. Thank you. And you said that lost.
Yes it was lost.
I understand Ms. Richards again happy to assist you with that. And of course regret that that occurred. If I could ask Ms. Richards When exactly As a matter of fact Ms. Richards do you know when you lost that card?
No I really don't remember. When I lost it. I believe it was Last week. So yeah I. As I'm looking back I been like think it was like September thirtieth.
OK then September thirtieth.
Yes.
OK. And do you know where you last used the card?
No, I really don't remember. I believe. I think it was at target.
OK. Target?
Yes.
All right. Thank you Ms. Richards for that. And in order for me to go head and move forward with the cancellation of the lost card. I just need to verify. Do you know what the last two transactions are on the card?
Yes I do know the transactions I did Well actually I really don't remember when that was. I can't remember when what the transactions were.
OK. Oh so you don't recall the last two transactions you used?
I can't.
Thank you Ms.
Thank you Ms. Richards for that. unfortunately I'm not going to be able to process your request because I would need that in order to. Just for security purposes on your account. Ms. Richards what you might be able to do is go online and check online with our banking. And you can login into your account online and find out and determine what those last two transactions are on your account. And you can then call back. if with that information but unless I have that just for security purposes on your account I won't be able to process of the cancellation.
OK. Well I should be able to do that.
Again regret the inconvenience, I know of that I wanted to be able to assist you here today. But once you get that information for us We'll be able to proceed with the cancellation request. in general it takes about seven to ten business days for you to receive a new card.
OK. Thank you and before you know I go I would like to dispute a couple of transactions I see on my checking account.
Oh OK. And Ms. Richards what is the account number again? Or d~. Have you mentioned what the account number is for your checking account?
Yes.
OK. If you would just repeat that again. What the account number is.
OK. The routing number.
the the all I need is your account number.
OK. I'm sorry about that. The account number is nine eight four six five nine.
Terrific. And you stated that you wanted to dispute a transaction with on your in your checking account?
Yes.
OK and do you know what the amount is of the transaction?
Yes I do.
OK and Ms. Richards how much is that?
OK it is mm thirty-eight dollars it was made at Walmart.
OK it was thirty-eight dollars at Walmart.
Yes.
OK and just to be sure here. Ms. Richards thirty-eight dollars at Walmart and do you recall when that was?
Yes.
OK and what day was that for?
OK that one was on September twenty-first.
OK September the twenty-first?
Yes.
OK.
Let me just OK. Let me just see here I'm reviewing your account. I tell you Ms. Richards these computers sometimes can be quite something.
You know what I've located the transaction Ms. Richards. And that was for thirty-eight dollars at Walmart on September twenty-first.
Correct.
All right I have gone ahead and notated that to the account. If I can ask why are you disputing the transaction?
Because I don't didn't make the purchase.
Oh I see. This is an unauthorized transaction.
Yes it is.
Thank you for letting us know. we'll be glad to assist you with that. What I have done Ms. Richards is I've gone ahead and submitted your account information over to our loss control department. And they will review the transaction And what's the process works here is, once they're finished with the review, they will then credit the funds back to your account. Generally it can take up to two weeks. for the research to occur. It can be completed sooner than that but there are times where it can be up to two weeks.
OK I understand that.
OK. Well again, is there anything else that I can help you with Ms. Richards?
No there is nothing else. I appreciate it.
Thank you Ms. Richards and by the way do you have any questions about online banking?
Yes I do. Could you explain that to me?
Certainly. with online banking again all you have to do is . Go online and your account information, and from there you can access your account information right there online.
OK sounds pretty easy. Thank you.
Thank you bye bye.
Bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
thank you, ma'am. Is this a real person?
Yes, I am.
Not.
Not automated. OK.
Yes, sir.
That's great, good to hear a real person around here. I need to just make I need to make an internal transfer.
It's my son has an account here and he's graduating college so I just want to put some money in his bank for his graduation present .
So Pretty much all I need to do today. I might have a few other questions about some other things, but. Take it as it goes.
OK, yes sir.
OK. OK.
We can definitely help you with that today. That's not a problem. OK, I'm gonna have to ask you some questions to verify your identity and your accounts OK. Can you give me your first name and your last name please.
It's Neil Jared Teal.
Thank you for that. And your date of birth?
Six ten nineteen seventy-three.
OK, could I have your social?
Hold on just a minute. Just a second. I know I don't remember. Shame I should know my social. Hold on a second.
Yes sir, you're fine.
Hey, Fifi grab the. Grab. Grab. Grab my wallet.
All right. Cool. Hey thank you honey. I appreciate it.
I'm sorry. social. Two three seven zero zero five five five five.
Yes sir.
OK. Thank you very much for that .
And when you set up your account there's an authenticating PIN number. Can you. It's four digits. Can you relay that to me please?
Eight eight six two.
OK. Thank you very much. And there was a security question as well that's giving that. That we have on the account for security. And could you verify your answer for that.
The. The what account?
On. On this. On this account we have have a security question if you're able to. Uh-huh. And it's your favorite pet.
Oh, oh, oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. OK, OK, OK.
My favorite pet?
Mhm.
We called him Sushi.
Great. Thank you for that. OK And so you're wanting to do an internal transfer from one account to the other?
Yes. Send it to my son's account. We he has an account here as well.
OK. I'm gonna ask you for your account number that you want to take the withdrawal from.
OK. Yeah, we didn't know what to get him for his for his graduation present. So I'll just well heck let's just get put a thousand dollars in his account. do whatever he wants with it. Better not party on it. beer. College students, you know how they are.
Right, I understand. Totally.
Oh, yeah. Yep. College kids are different, that's for sure.
Yeah, it's WVU and they drink like fish up there. Every time I've been there. It's crazy up there.
Yes.
Sir. OK. Can you verify the the checking account number for me please on that account. For the withdrawal, yes.
mine?
OK. On mine it's eight oh six one one one two one three.
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Mhm
Thank you very much for that. OK, and the I would like for you to verify the deposit number for the redeposit account.
Mm, no problem. No problem.
my son's account?
Yes.
OK. His is eight oh one.
Mhm.
Three two three five eight six.
OK. Thank you very much for that. And I'm gonna verify the funds in the account. looks like you have right now that's being transferred six thousand dollars. Is that correct?
Not a problem.
Yeah, six thousand and some odd change. Like six thousand one one two or something Hmm. Yeah. It's about one twenty two? OK. OK. OK. OK.
OK.
Mkay. Yes. Six thousand and twelve cents.
Yes. And let's see and the the this internal transaction will happen by tomorrow at noon. So you can expect the funds will be in there roughly after twelve thirty to be exact. So you can look for that to happen around that time of day and I wanted to tell you a little bit about our online banking. If you're interested or if you've never done that before. The online banking is really nice because you can handle a lot of things on your own that you could handle at the bank so what you want to do is go in. Go online at Intellibank dot com and put in all your information and you can check your account balances twenty-four hours a day. You can find local ATMs. You can find different places that that are banks in your area. And you can also do checkless depositing. And how that works is you take a picture of your check and send it through the interface system of the of the app and it it deposits your money for you.
OK.
OK.
Oh, OK. Cool. Cool.
Take a picture of my what?
Of your. Of your check. Yes sir. And it makes things a lot easier if you can't make it to the bank or you just would rather do it an easier way. It's really interesting. And it it really saves time.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, because we live we live pretty far out so that'll be that would make it a lot easier.
Yeah, we work so much it's hard to get to the bank.
your hours, I mean by the. By the time I go to work and come home you guys are already closed. Yeah, it hadn't opened yet and then it closed by the time I get off of work .
Yes, sir. That
That can be a problem for for a lot of people so yes that that kind of alleviates everything when you have an easier way to handle you deposits and your banking. OK. Is there anything I can else I can help you with here today?
Well. Oh, yeah. And it's a thousand dollars I'm putting in there. Do you remember. Did I say that?
Oh, yes. OK, sir.
OK.
I remember saying I was going to put a thousand dollars in. I just wanted to make sure. Sure.
Sure I said it to you. cuz yeah cuz I was saying we didn't know what to get him and to get him some money. You know, not spend it on beer and all that stuff.
OK.
So it it came to it came to six.
Thousand dollars and twelve cents so did you just want me to just take thousand out and transfer that.
Yeah, transfer
The thousand to his account, right.
OK.
OK.
I'm sorry, I just.
That's quite all right, sir.
Been a long.
Day.
Not not a problem. I will go back and make those corrections.
Hit a deer.
Hit a deer this afternoon.
Oh, no.
It was the biggest deer I've ever seen in my life.
Oh, my.
It had like ten points on it and it was an old buck. He was an old grandpa so old bucks old deer don't taste as well. Meat's not as good. You want one two year old deer to.
Oh, I I I am sorry to hear that sir.
Well, thank you. Thank you so much for for being a loyal customer and if there's nothing else I can help you with today then I will talk to you soon. Thank thank you very much. Goodbye.
OK.
I appreciate ma'am.
Yep.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Yes ma'am, I called earlier trying to open a new account but the service rep said her computer was having technical difficulty. so I would like to open an account today.
no problem. I would be more than happy to help you with that and we do apologize for that technical those technical issues earlier. may I have your first and last name please?
John Moore.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Moore.
All right. And may I have your date of birth, please?
Eight twenty-third nineteen eighty-eight.
All right. Just one moment, please.
All right. Thank you. And may I have your Social Security number, please?
Five zero two thirty two twenty-nine seventy-four.
All right. Thank you. I do see where you called in earlier and we do apologize for those technical issues. let me get you set up now. And what type of account would you like to open?
Checkings.
All right. No problem. may I have your street address, please?
Meadow Meadow Meadow Drive . I mean, seventeen fourteen Hidden Drive.
All right. Thank you. And may I have your city and state, please?
Greenville. Arkansas.
All right. Thank you. Just one moment, please. And that's seventeen fourteen Hidden Mirror Drive.
And that is Greenbrier, Arkansas?
Yes ma'am.
All right. Thank you. Just one moment, please.
All right. Thank you, sir. And may I have your ZIP code, please?
Seven two zero five eight.
All right. Thank you. And .
Just one moment, please. OK. Thank you for your patience. And also, may I have your phone number, please?
Five oh one three one four seventy three seventy two.
All right. Thank you. Just one moment. Thank you. And may I have your email address, please?
John Moore nine two three at Gmail dot com.
All right. Thank you and thank you for your patience. Just one moment, please.
All right. Thank you. Thank you, sir. And also, may I have your driver's license number, please?
Five four five six three four three oh nine.
All right. Thank you. And also, it is a twenty-five dollar.
Fee. Open a deposit fee. Would you like to make that payment today?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. And how would you be paying for your opening deposit, sir?
Credit card.
All right. Thank you. And may I have your credit card number, please?
Five three four five one one three nine thirty-four five three twenty-four thirty-seven, ma'am.
All right. Thank you.
All right. And may I have your CVV on the back, please?
Three four seven.
All right. Thank you. And may I have that expiration date, please?
oh four two thousand twenty-four.
All right. Thank you.
All right. You will be receiving email. Oh, I do apologize. And we also need to create three security questions for your new account. And may I I have your mother's maiden name, please?
Shawnda Moore.
Thank you. All right. And may. What was what is the name of your first pet, please?
Brook.
Thank you. And what street did you grow up on?
Sean Sean Road.
All right. Thank you. All right. is. Thank you. All right. Is it anything else I can help with help you with today?
I would like to check my. I would like to check my balance on my account, ma'am. On my checkings account.
I'm sorry, sir. You just created a checkings. Did you have another checkings with us, sir?
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, OK then. May I have that checkings account number, please?
Three nine two one three four five.
All right. Thank you. And just one moment, please. All right. And I just have to ask you a quick security question for that. And what street did you grow up on once again?
Sean Brook.
Oh, Sean Brook. All right. Are you sure?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. I thought you said that was Sean Drive earlier?
Yes, ma'am. I I might've misheard you, ma'am. I'm sorry about that.
No, I I thought that's what you said was Sean Drive or Sean Brook.
Yes, ma'am.
OK. Are you sure?
Yes, ma'am. Sean Drive.
Oh, OK. Thank you, sir.
All right. Thank you. And what would you like to know about your other checkings account, sir?
I would like to know my balance, ma'am.
your balance is five hundred dollars, sir.
Thank you, ma'am.
All right. thank you for your time and you have a nice day.
Hello this is Jenny speaking, thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Yeah, I need a home equity loan or a personal loan or something like that.
I'm sorry Ma'am, this this bank does bank does not provide personal loans nor home equity, we only do automobile loans.
Are you kidding, that's ridiculous. And ?
I actually, I am not able to do that. I am sorry that I am not able to help you with this problem.
Well I may just take my banking business elsewhere, this is ridiculous.
I can give you a branch location if you need one.
Well I might have to go anywhere now just to see if I can find out about this loan because I need me a loan, right now.
OK and let.
And what
Locations do you have close to my house?
let's see where and where. What state are you in ma'am?
Colorado.
And the city?
Colorado Springs.
OK and let's see and your ZIP code.
Eight oh nine oh four.
Eight oh nine oh four. OK I do see a branch relatively nearby you. It's one twenty-one North Nevada Avenue.
OK. Phone number please.
Phone number is seven one nine three two five seven five four two.
And their branch hours, let's see it looks like Monday through Friday Nine a.m. to five p.m. and Saturday they're gonna be open from nine a.m. until three.
Do you think it loans to purchase from an individual instead of a dealership?
I believe they do both but you'd have to speak with the loan officer to be sure.
So I could just get a loan and pretend I'm buying a car in in my house.
I am I'm afraid I am unable to answer that question ma'am.
That's no help.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
OK well then can you give me the balance on my checking and savings account?
Sure sure, let me let me just pull that account up, and your account number please?
Seven two five eight four six.
Seven two five eight four six and your first and last name?
Gladys Knight.
Gladys Knight. OK be happy to get that up for you. Alright and I see a security code on your account.
Zero nine one nine.
Zero nine one nine. Alright, perfect and let's see I'm gonna also need the you to answer one of your secret questions. What is the middle name of your dog?
Lassie.
Lassie, that's perfect OK. All right, so we are now in the account and your balance, your checking balance is five thousand three hundred twenty-one dollars, savings thirty-five thousand.
OK can you hold. Can I. Do you wanna hold for one second I gotta get my dog outta here.
One hundred.
You sure can.
I totally understand, I'll be right here.
Go Molly.
OK I think we're OK now.
Alright. Thank you so much. OK now I was saying your checking account balance is five thousand three hundred and twenty-one, savings account is thirty-five thousand one hundred and eight.
OK.
Alright is there anything else I can help you with?
Why would you nee~.
Why did I need what?
I was gonna, I was just kinda wondering aloud why you found yourself in a position of wanting a loan, but that's not my business obviously.
but I'll
Tell you anyways. I'm building a house in since COVID hit, we ran out of money because everything went sky high in price price-wise. So now I need more money to finish the house.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.
it's yeah, it's going slow, it's getting there but I still need another ten fifteen grand to finish it.
well.
You're if you're yourself .
No I'm a customer service rep. I don't make that much.
.
Let's see, I would I would recommend that you come in and speak to one of our loan officers, I'm sure they can if they can't help you directly they can refer you to someplace that can.
OK what's your main branch address then?
OK so the main branch is twenty-one, fifty-five East Sawmill Lane and that's in the Woodlands, Texas.
OK.
Seven seven three eight zero.
Alright, that'll work.
Alright and let's see I'm looking just I'm just looking to see if there's any other something we could do for you and you don't have, is time an issue?
Well I need it, the sooner, the better.
OK.
Alright, yeah, in that case I don't see anything that I can do personally but hopefully out loan officer will be able to help you better.
OK thank you. I'll try them.
Alright, thank you so much.
You have a good day.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Deborah. What can I do for you today?
Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I have a I'm having a problem here. I was I was at the bar last night and I was doing some dancing with some with some girls, you know dancing girls, and I'm not sure if my collar was lost or stolen but I don't have my card anymore, my wallet, and my shoes fell off.
Really?
Yes.
Well OK. All right. I can definitely help you with that. Let's get let's get your old card canceled and and a new card issued. I just need to verify a few pieces of information with you.
Right off my feet.
Sure.
what was your name, sir?
My name's Skip. Skip Taylor.
Is that just spelled how it sounds?
Yes. Yes it is. Just like it sounds. You know one of one of them girls I think I think might have been a man, and it was scared me a little bit, and I think he might be the one that stole my card.
OK. All right. Mr. Taylor, can you give me your date of birth?
My date of birth is is February second nineteen forty-five.
And your driver's license number?
Oh goodness. Driver's license. Hold on one second. I have to find my driver's license.
Hey give me that shoe back! Damn damn cat!
That's my shoes!
Oh cat.
Have you ever had your shoes just fall off your feet?
No. I've never even heard of that happening. No.
It's not fun.
No?
No. You have to pick up your shoes all the time.
Maybe they're the wrong size.
Maybe that's the problem. I never thought of that before. I like to dance and my shoes just fall off all the time, and then my cat takes them. Damn cat.
That's horrible.
I I'm telling you, it's not fun. My my my neighbors make fun of me. my dad had a farm when I was a kid and pigs, and.
Wow.
Well the pigs used to kick me right up inside my. Well I can't say that on the. So I'm sorry I can't. I'll tell you that story another time.
Oh.
OK. OK. Yeah.
Let's let's.
Driver's license. yeah yeah, I got it.
Yeah.
OK.
It's a Wyoming driver's license number. It's seven two three six five four two three six.
OK. Can you give me the credit card number that was stolen last or lost last night?
The number?
Yes.
Oh I don't think I have the number. Let me look. I I I don't have it written down on my.
OK. If you don't have the number to the credit card, that's OK. I. How about the account number? Do you have the account number?
I might. Let me check my wallet again. I already put my information away, I gotta get it back out. .
just a second. It's not in my wallet. I have I have to go to my car real quick. I have to run out to my car. just one second please. Sorry.
Sure. No, that's no problem.
maybe I should get that cat while I'm out there too. She got my other shoe.
OK. I'll hold.
Here kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. Here kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. OK. yes you're lucky, I wrote it down in my in my matchbook here. I do have the account number for the account.
OK. Go whenever you're ready.
It's six three two zero four six five.
OK. That's what I've got here. OK and that's to the checking. OK. So what was the date of the last transaction on your card?
Well it would've been last night. It would've been whatever yesterday was. I'm I'm really hungover. I'm sorry.
Nine Eleven.
That's OK. OK and that was the same day it was lost, right?
Yes, ma'am.
Nine eleven.
Now what was the name of the business that your last transaction occurred?
Hooty's Boot Scootin' Booty.
All right.
It's it's a pretty fun bar. They do lots of dancing.
and amount of the last transaction you recall running?
Oh it was it was pretty high tab when I closed it. Ooh that means they must've got it after I closed my that was after we were dancing. It was the taxi driver. Maybe.
OK.
I haven't. It was. I think it was about seventy-five dollars when I closed it out. But I gave them eighty-five dollars cuz I. They like tips.
OK.
OK. So I just I wrote that down just so that in case there's any fraud going on on the account, we can verify that the last transaction you did on your card was you, and then and then from then on we can look into and investigate theft or fraud. OK?
Oh OK. That would be great. If you get them can you throw them in jail?
Well we can probably get your money back.
Oh that money back is good.
The the jail part would be up to law enforcement. But if if that If we find that in the investigation we'll certainly turn that over to police. OK. Now I've got this card confirmed canceled. I just need the new address where you would like to ship your new card.
Address? Goodness. I'm kind of in the middle of moving right now, but I I have a PO box. Would that work?
No. I cannot send it to a PO box. It's a bank card so it's really important to get it to your hands and not a PO box.
OK. Perhaps my mother's house.
OK.
That that address is four sixty-five.
OK.
B Avenue.
B Avenue.
Seattle, Washington.
Seattle.
And the and the ZIP code up there it's it's. Oh goodness it's it's four five six six eight.
OK. Now in order to activate your card you're gonna need to answer the security question that's on the card when you when you call to activate it. And the question on the account is what's your mother's maiden name? So what is your mother's maiden name and I will add that that answer to your credit card account.
Sims.
Sims. OK. Is it S I M M S?
No, one M.
S I M S. OK. Sims. All right. I think we've got this figured out for. Is there anything else I can do for you today, sir?
No. I think that's it. Thank you very much.
Fantastic. I hope you have a fantastic weekend.
You too.
Have a good one. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello, thank for calling Intellibank, this is Alexis speaking. How may I help you today?
Hi Alexis, I need help with changing my address.
OK, so you need help with changing your address today?
Yes, Alexis.
OK, so let me pull up your account. May I have your account number?
Sure. One three four two six eight one five four six five three nine eight one.
May I have your date of birth?
Three twenty five, ninety.
And the answer to your security question?
Daniel Street.
OK, thank you for verifying your information. Well, let me proceed to go into your account so we change its address today.
Thanks.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing great. How are you?
I'm doing very well.
What do you think about this weather?
This weather's very nice and I'm I'm happy to see the change.
That's good. Fall is beautiful.
It is such a beautiful season.
Yep, no more summertime, no more heat or mosquitoes.
That is very true. may I have the new address that you want to put into your account?
Yes, it's seven six eight seven M L K Drive, Chicago one two five eight five.
OK so address is seven eight seven six eight seven M L K Drive, Chicago one two five eight five?
Yes it is.
OK, so I'm correcting the address for you right now. Is there anything else that you need me to do with your account today?
No, that's pretty much it Alexis, I want to thank you so much.
OK do you know the end of next month, they're asking you to make sure that you check over your information?
No, how do I check over my information?
If you have an account with us, then you can log in to your account and change and and update your information.
Oh, I guess I must sign up for an account because I do not have one.
It's as easy as one two three, just go to Intellibank dot com, and click on make a new account.
Well I'll be sure to do that. I'll do that today.
OK, was there anything else that you need me to help with today?
No, that was it. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome. If you have any more problems or any more questions, or any more issues, please do not hesitate to call us at any time. You have a wonderful day.
You too, Alexis.
All right, bye.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes I need to find a branch near me.
Happy to help you with that ma'am and how's the day going today?
The day is going good.
Well that's good to hear it's, you know been a crazy couple of days getting ready for Halloween and I know that here at the here at here at the bank and you know we of course are definitely looking forward to Halloween because our our our our company our will be hosting folks all over for Halloween.
Oh, that's gonna be fun!
Yes ma'am and of course like you said maybe when you go by the branch you can pick up some candy for the kids.
Oh, yeah.
And if I could ask what your name is?
Evelyn Richards.
All right Ms. Richards and let me see if can pull up some locations for you.
And I also need my available credit on my card.
Oh, sure. Happy to help you with that as well let me just find out Ms. Richards a little bit information so that I can pull up that as far as branches nearby as well as help you with your question on your on your card. You said you were looking for your available cr~.
Credit.
Credit limit? OK. Sure. Sure. Absolutely. If I could ma'am ask what is your phone number?
Six, seven, eight, two, oh, two four, two, five, three.
Terrific, and what's your date of birth?
Eleven, eleven, eighty-four.
Awesome, awesome and Ms. Richards let me just simply ask for security purposes what's your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Terrific, thank you for helping me with that. Ms. Richards to find a branch close to where you are at do you have an idea of the city or the street address that you're gonna be at?
Yes.
OK. What's the address?
Eight thirty Westlake Avenue.
Alright, that's eight thirty Westlake Avenue?
Yes.
And that's in what city?
Las Vegas.
OK, Las Vegas and the state?
Nevada.
Alright, terrific. Let's see if I can pull up something here for you. And.
Yep, I think I found a few locations here for your Ms. Richards. I see one that's at five seventy-eight Central Avenue that one Ms. Richards is about three miles away. from the address you gave me.
OK.
And the other location is six fifty-three Turner Court.
And that one appears to be oh about the seems to be about three point seven miles away as well.
OK. Let me take the one five seventy eight Central Avenue.
OK. Terrific, terrific and just so that you're aware the hours of operations for that so you can go by during those hours are Monday through Friday from nine a.m. to four p.m. and Saturday from ten a.m. to one p.m..
OK.
And with that being said now let me see if I can pull up your account so that I can tell you what your available credit limit is. And what card was that goin to be on Ms. Richards?
My go card.
OK, yes on your go card. Let's see here ma'am. Miss. Richards do you know what your go credit card number is?
No, I I don't have the card. I don't have that information.
No?
No.
OK, well. Let's see here. Yeah Ms. Richards unfortunately If you don't have your credit card number I won't be able to access that because that's separate in our system from checking and savings accounts. So what I would encourage you to do Ms. Richards is when you go into the branch you can simply provide them I think probably with your driver's license or what have you and and your in person and they should be able to in the branch when you go visit them. they'll be able to pull up your credit card, your gold credit card account information and answer any questions you may have about that including what your credit limit is.
OK, all right. I understand. I'll try to have it the next time.
No problem at all and like I said if you go into the branch they'll be able to pull it up even without that information.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with Ms. Richards?
No, not today.
Well again certainly appreciate you giving us a call here and you certainly have a terrific rest of your day.
You too!
Bye bye now.
Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How can I help you today?
yes. I would like to dispute a transaction and also I would like to report a stolen card as well.
All right sir I can certainly help you with that. before I can complete your request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account information.
All right.
All right sir can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. First name Dale last name is Walker.
OK sir for authentication purposes could I have your driver's license number please?
Yes. My driving license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK to verify that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine?
yes yes, that's it.
OK.
All right. Thank you so much sir and for account security purposes could you give me your childhood street address please?
yes I live at two different address as a child and and one of those address is twenty-nine oh seven Westbrook Drive and the other address that I lived as a child is thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane.
OK sir. For the security question answer you put down thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane so that's the accurate address to have on file.
OK.
OK sir. All right sir so you wanted to dispute a transaction?
yes.
OK gimme just one moment.
Could you give me the amount of that transaction sir?
Yes that amount was three hundred even.
OK so that's three hundred and could you give me the date of that transaction?
yes the date of that transaction was nine eight two thousand twenty-one.
OK so it was the eighth of last month?
Yes.
And what was the reason for this dispute sir?
well I didn't recognize it when it popped up on my account there didn't recognize the transaction at all.
OK so you don't recognize that you made this transaction.
I don't recognize it at all, ma'am.
OK, sir. Could it have been anyone else in your household that made this transaction?
No.
I'm the only person having access to my cards there. the only one.
All right.
So
Oh OK sir. So you don't think it's membership or subscription or anything you might of created some time ago?
no. I don't do no memberships. I don't trust them things.
OK sir. So did you happen to contact the business at all?
no I have not done that yet?
OK sir that's fine. All right it looks like you've given me all the information I need. Give me just one moment while I dispute this transaction for you.
OK.
OK sir. I have completed that transaction dispute. I've escalated it to our investigation team. It'll be handled by our fraud department. It could take anywhere from one to ten business days to complete the investigation. We will notify you in writing of the results of the investigation. So make sure you keep an eye on your mail. It'll that way that you'll know everything as soon as possible. In the meantime we have put a hold on the transaction and we have locked the card. On that account in order to properly process the investigation to prevent fraudulent activity but I understand you also want to go ahead and report this card as stolen?
Yes.
OK sir. We'll get to that in just a moment. I'll send a notification to the charging party to let them know that this transaction is on hold and once this investigation is completed we'll give you the results and they'll find out whether or not this is gonna be a chargeback to them or if this is gonna be a completed transaction.
All right I appreciate it.
All right sir so onto the next step. You need to go ahead and report a stolen card?
Yes.
OK so this is the credit card that's attached to this account?
Yes it is.
OK sir. Could you give me that card number please?
yes I can. It's four three it's four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight.
All right sir to verify that card number was four five three nine six eight five four eight eight two three three six two eight?
Yes correct.
OK sir and could you. Do you remember the date that that card you believe was stolen?
I reckon it was the same that about round the same day nine eighth of two thousand and twenty-one.
OK sir so you believe it was around the same day of the eighth of last month?
Yes I believe.
OK sir so could you give me the transaction location of that remember the last transaction location that you used that card at?
yes I used that at a tobacco store downtown. I reckon it were called Ed's Tobacco Store.
OK sir so you you believe you lost it at Ed's Tobacco Store?
Yes I believe.
OK sir give me just one moment while I report this card as lost or stolen for you.
OK.
Oh wow so how's your day going so far?
It's going pretty good sir and how's your day?
Well, it's gonna be better when I get off the phone with you Lesley.
Oh, I
Do apologize for you going through this inconvenience of having your card stolen.
All right, thank you for helping me.
I
I hate this has happened to you, sir, but we're gonna get you squared away so that you won't have any more issues with this card, all right.
Sure appreciate it.
OK sir I've already processed that card as lost or stolen and I'm confirming that I have canceled your credit card and reissued a new card to you which will be sent out next business day. It should arrive around within the one to two business one to ten business days from that date and that means you'll be sent out on Monday and then it should arrive within the mail within one to ten business days after Monday.
All right.
OK.
Sounds good.
All right so when you receive the card in the mail it will have activation instructions included which well you which you'll have to process and follow in order to begin using this card immediately. You won't be able to use it at ATM or action any transactions until you've actually processed the activation, all right?
All right thank you.
OK.
I need to confirm your current address on file sir.
All right.
So that we know . Make sure that we're gonna send this out to the right address. the home address I have on file for you is thirty-three forty Pinewood Drive in North Chicago Illinois ZIP code six oh oh six four.
Yes that's correct.
All right sir. Thank you so much for verifying that information and like I said we're gonna send this out right away and that card that you is now shut down so you shouldn't have any other problems with those transactions. If you see any other transactions pop up you make sure you give us a call and we'll handle the disputes for you.
I sure will.
OK. Will that be all for you today Mr. Walker?
Yes Ma'am.
All right. Thank you so much for giving us a call today today. Again my name is Lesley and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kerry. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Hi Kerry. listen. I need to make a transfer.
And, I'm actually calling back. I was just on the line for a while trying to get this all sorted out. I don't think you were the one I was talking to earlier. Can we still get this all resolved?
Oh. Yeah. No. I'm just taking a glance over at my call queue and I'm not seeing anything recent but yes ma'am I'd love to go ahead and get this all resolved for you an once I get your information, I'll notify any other agent that you did speak with previously here at Intellibank.
And, we'll get this inquiry updated for you. how can I help you?
OK. I want to make a transfer from my account to my son's account. Can I do that here?
Now? Like over the phone?
Yeah. Oh I most certainly can help you with that. And, yes we can get this done for you over the phone.
All we need is some basic information just to access your account. were you ready to get started?
yes yes Kerry. That sounds great.
Go! Go!
Oh gosh, sorry Kerry. I'm distracted. I'm just watching the ponies run on the TV over here. My cousin gave me a hot tip on a hot horse.
I simply couldn't resist. Now I'm gambling again.
Oh. All right. Well that's wonderful to hear. I wish you luck.
You ever play the ponies Gary?
no, Miss I have not. But, it's something I'd love to look into. in order to accomplish this transfer you'd mentioned earlier I'm just going to need a few pieces of information. you let me know when you're ready.
Kerry, I was born ready.
OK just need two pieces of information first. What is your full name and your date of birth?
My name is Lucy Lundquist. That's spelled L U C Y Lundquist is L U N Q U I S T.
And, I was born four seven seventy-seven.
OK. L U N Q U I S T. Four seven seven seven.
OK. Great.
So Ms. Lundquist just need your account number first to get started and I'll go ahead and get this transfer going for ya.
OK. Hold on. I got to go grab that.
What's that? Oh OK. Sure I can hold. just let me know whenever you're ready.
OK.
I got it here. It's five five four three five five three two five four. My checking account.
Oh. OK. Got that. What were those last two numbers again?
Five four.
Oh. OK great. All right so I have that account now up.
Can you can you tell me how much is in there?
Oh yeah yeah. Certainly Ms. Lundquist. right now I'm showing a balance of four thousand four hundred and fifty-three dollars and twenty-four cents.
OK. Perfect.
OK great. And, how much would you like to transfer for you today?
I need you to transfer seven hundred dollars. It's to my son. He's in trouble. He needs my help.
Oh. Sorry to hear that. I got it. Happy to take care of that for you. all I'm going to need next is just his account number.
OK yes. I have it here. He gave it to me. It's five five four three three three four two two four.
Is that all you need?
yes at the moment. Just want to confirm that number again. It's five five four three three three four two two four. Correct?
That's correct.
All right. So yes I do have it up. Let me get this going and in motion for you here Ms. Lundquist.
And, this is coming out of my inter bank savings account right?
Inter bank? Oh. No. No. You had told me earlier Ms. Lundquist, you wanted to make a transfer from your Intellibank checking account. I'm representing Intellibank and you'd mentioned your checking account. that's the account I have up here and the one I'd just given you the balance of.
is this the right account?
Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Sorry. My bad. My bad. You're right. It is. I meant Intellibank checking account. Right. OK.
Oh. OK. Wonderful. All right just so in order to complete this all I need is to just verify the last four of your social. I'm literally looking at them right here so if you could just let me know.
All right. Sure.
It's seven five nine three.
This will be quick right?
Yes Ms. Linquist although I can't provide any specific details about the time I assure you we're on it. it may only take twenty-four hours. be sure to check both your account and your son's account I'll go ahead and finalize this for you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it.
All right. Wonderful. Thank you so much for calling. You have a wonderful day now.
Good evening, thank you calling Intel Banking helpline, how may I help you?
Oh yeah, hi darling, good afternoon. Oh, I apologize, it's good evening over here for us too. I was tryna find information on how do I order checks from your bank I'm just a little confused and I'm kinda little, you know, not that really tech savvy, so how will that work as far as ordering checks?
I'll be glad be able to assist you with that. May I have your first and last name, please?
Yes, my name is Charlotte Rose.
OK Mrs. Rose, are you a customer with us?
Yes, I have been a customer with y'all since nineteen fifty-five.
OK. That sounds great. May I please have your your date of birth please?
Sure, my date of birth is zero four zero one nineteen thirty-five.
OK. That's great. I'll put that in our system. And I also just need one more piece of information. Can you please provide me with your Social Security number, the last four digits or can you provide me with your account number?
Well, I don't have my account number in front of me, I'll just go ahead and give you my Social of me. OK, I'm ready whenever you have it. It's seven seven seven.
OK. Thank you Miss Rose for providing that information. OK Mrs. Rose, I'll be able to order your your checks and have them sent to your address. Can I please have that address and have it mailed to you? Can you just clarify your address that we have on file?
sure, that won't be a problem. It should be the same. We haven't moved in over twenty-five years.
All right Mrs. Rose, please provide the information. I'll be able to verify.
not a problem. It's one zero five Bristol Way. And that's in Canton, Georgia. Three zero one one four.
Thank you Mrs. Rose for providing that information and it does seem that yep, we still have that address on file, so we'll be able to mail your checks to your home. It'll arrive within the next three to five business days. Should any issue arise and you do not receive your checks, please give us a call back and we'll verify that you do receive your checks.
Oh, that's wonderful. Thank you so much for taking your time and gimme that, and I'm so thankful that I'm able to order the checks over the phone. This is so much more easier for me. my husband was wondering if we can possibly do a I believe it's called a internal transfer?
Oh yeah, we do that at our bank.
OK, will that charge? Will y'all charge me for that or is that free of charge cuz I'm a customer? How does that work?
Well since you've been banking with us for well over twenty years, it'll. And as long as you have an account that's active, there will not be a charge to do internal transfer.
Oh, well that's great. well seeing how we have few accounts with y'all, we'll like to use our business account to do that. Is there any way you can help me with that? Like I said, I do not have my account information in front of me. I can give you my Social, not sure if that'll work.
Yes, your Social work just fine Mrs. Rose. Please provide that for me.
OK. my Social is seven seven seven seven.
OK, Mrs. Rose, thank you for giving me that information. OK, yes I was able to have that in front of me after verify your address previously as we spoke.
OK, so you would like to do internal transfer. OK, not a problem. Can you please let me know the last time for security purposes, because we don't have your account number in front of you, I want to I will need to know the last either deposit withdrawal that happened with the account.
Well, like I said darling, there should be a savings account, that's my personal account, should be a checking account, that's my personal account, and under me and my husband there should just be a a business account. I would like to use the business account to do a withdrawal and put that in, that money from the business account and put that into my savings. Can you help me with that, darling?
I definitely can help you with that. I will just need to know the last either transaction that took place with the business account.
Oh yeah, not a problem. there should have been there should have been a deposit on Thursday for twenty thousand dollars and that should have posted already.
yes ma'am it has posted, I see that on here. Not a problem. And can you verify where this is going, into your savings or your checking, and the last transaction that took place?
Yes, that money will be going into my checking my checking account so yeah, the last transaction that happened was actually today and that was at Starbucks and I spent nine ninety-five over there this morning.
Well, thank you for providing that answer Mrs. Rose and I'm able to go ahead and get everything squared away for you. So I'll actually, I need to know the amount you're moving from your business account over to your personal checking account. How much money are you looking over how much money are you looking to transfer?
Well what's the largest amount I can take out from my business account to my personal checking account?
Well, we don't allow anything higher than ten thousand dollars.
Oh OK that's great. I was looking at move over five thousand dollars actually, just for today.
Not a problem, Mrs. Rose. We can do that for you. Just give me one brief moment and I'll be able to do the internal transfer while you're on the phone. Just give me one brief moment, please.
not a problem. I'll be here waiting.
Thank you so much for your patience, Mrs. Rose. I was able to verify your information that you gave me regarding the transactions with your account and we were able to get the internal transfer taken care of, so everything worked out great. And like I said before it'll take three to five business days for you to get your check, and your internal transfer did go through. Allow twenty-four to forty-eight hours for everything to be posted and you should be good to go.
Oh, that's great. Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. You know, I just get kinda busy and things get a little hectic around here, so I appreciate you even working with me and for me to get everything done over the phone today. I appreciate your time.
Not a problem, Mrs. Rose. Do you have any other questions?
no other questions. You did everything that I was looking for. So no, thank you so much for helping me out today.
Not a problem Mrs. Rose. You have yourself a great day.
Well you do the same.
Thank you for calling Intel Banking, have yourself a wonderful evening.
You do the same. Thank you so much, goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. Where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
So I received a letter in the mail from Intellibank and it was thanking me for opening a business account. But I didn't open a business account, so I don't really know what's going on.
OK. Let me check on that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
Alright. Do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
You can call me Jill.
Alright Jill. Did the letter have an account number on it?
No it does not. It doesn't have anything.
Did it possibly mention an agent name with Intellibank on the letter anywhere?
It just shows Intellibank financial services at the bottom but there's no name. And it doesn't even look like a legit contact number.
OK. That's no problem. Let's just take a look at your account here and see what might be going on today. OK? What is your actual account number?
It's nine eight seven night eight six seven. And my social is three four zero seven six zero eight nine seven.
OK. Thank you for that information Jill. I should only need your account number to pull your information up. But can I also get your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right and it looks like you have a security question. Could you also please tell me the city you were born in?
OK. Yes. That's fine.
Alright. I did find your account. And I am only showing a checking and savings account and it's a personal account with Intellibank. Did the letter that you receive. Did it have a letterhead for Intellibank on it by any chance?
Yeah it does but the logo looks really weird. Like it doesn't look like the normal bank logo.
OK. Jill. So we do not have a business bank account for you. So I think that this might be a scam or a phishing letter that you've received. But what I'm going to do here is make some notes on your account and notify our fraud department of this possible scheme. OK?
Alright. So should I just ignore it or like make a police report? What do I do?
Alright Jill. I want to look at your account transaction just a little bit further. just to see and just to make sure that no fraud has occurred. If it's just a letter and they're just phishing for information from you. You can just ignore the letter. But we Let me just check real quick. I'm gonna I'm gonna go ahead and look at your account here. I'm going to go in to read two transactions to you from each of your accounts. Both the savings and the checkings. And if you can just confirm whether or not that you were the one responsible for those for those transactions on the account. we'll just verify those real quick to make sure there's nothing happening out of sorts here. OK?
OK.
So the first two are going to be for your savings account ending in eight seven six seven. And the first one is a transaction for thirty-one dollars and eighty-nine cents to a JJ Barbeque. Do you recognize that transaction?
Yes that was mine. That was definitely ours.
OK. And the second transaction for that account is a transfer to the checking account in the amount of a hundred and twenty dollars. Do you recognize that transaction?
Yes. That was mine too. That was actually my husband.
All right. So the next account we are going to check into is going to be your checking account ending in ninety-eight thirty-seven. So the first transaction we have on that one is for eighty-seven forty to a Dixon Pharmaceuticals. Do you recognize that transaction?
no I don't. Is that a pharmacy?
Yes. That's what it looks like. Let me read the next one to you as well. So it looks like the next transaction on the account is for forty-five eighty-seven. And that is to Dub's Dance Studio.
The dance studio one is mine for my daughter. But the pharmacy one is not. I don't. I don't even know. Where does it says the pharmacy was located.
It looks like that pharmacy shows that it is located in Shana, Pennsylvania.
Yeah. That is not mine. How do I dispute that? What do I do? I mean that's not my transaction.
OK. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and flag this transaction as fraud and I'm gonna forward this to our fraud department. They're they will look into that transaction and try to get to the bottom of it. Since it was a debit card transaction I'm also going to cancel your current debit card just to be safe. But then I will send you out a replacement card with a new number on it as on it as well. You should receive a phone call within twenty-four to forty-eight hours from that fraud department. and they will just ask you some more questions and maybe get some more information from you so they can investigate that a little bit further.
I don't understand how this happened.
I know and I am very very sorry that this happened to you. If you can bear with me for just a moment. I'm gonna get all this information over to the fraud department and get all these notes in. Then I'm gonna get that card ordered for you. OK?
That's fine. I mean it snowed like twelve inches here last night anyways, so I'm not gonna be out using my card I guess. So. I guess it doesn't matter.
Oh my goodness. Twelve inches? Is it still snowing out or has the storm stopped?
It stopped for right now. But they're saying we might get anywhere from like six to another ten inches after midnight.
My goodness. That is crazy. Hopefully you have everything that you need to be snowed in and you are not gonna be put in any kind of bind.
I mean I think we will be OK which. It's just a little bit inconvenient. This whole scenario.
OK Jill. I understand that and I and again I apologize that you are having to go through this. I have noted your account and I've sent everything over to our fraud department. I have also got the new cards ordered for you. You should receive a call from from someone there within twenty-four to forty-eight hours from that fraud department. And you should receive those new cards within seven to ten business days. If you would also keep that letter that you received because they may ask you to to see that as well once they contact you. OK?
OK. That's fine. OK.
All right Jill. So again I'm very sorry this happened to you but Intellibank is going to do everything it can to help you resolve the matter. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
And you said that they'd call me in how long?
They should call you within the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours to go over that dispute. But it could take up to thirty days for them to complete that dispute, so please bear that in mind as well. OK?
OK. I think that's everything.
Alright Jill. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank. And I hope your day gets better. OK? And you be careful in that storm.
Alright. Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy. My name is George. I'm new to the area and have yet to open a local account. can I open an account today with you over the phone?
Certainly, sir. I'd be happy to help you open an account over the phone. this process usually takes no longer than ten minutes. Would you like to get started?
Yes, please.
And will this be a checking or savings account?
Checking.
OK, George. Please give me your full name.
My full name is George Francis Emery.
Thank you. And your address?
I live at eight nineteen Charity Lane.
City and state, please?
That's Branson, Missouri, and the ZIP code is five nine four four zero.
Thank you. What is your phone number?
It's two two nine seven three zero nineteen nineteen.
Thank you. What is your date of birth, George?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Great. And what is your social security number?
It's eight one eight one two zero three eight two.
Thank you. And what is your driver's license number?
my driver's license? I'll have to go to the car to get my wallet.
That's fine. I can wait.
Thank you. I'll be right back All right. I'm back, and I have that info.
Great, go ahead.
My driver's license number is Z one zero three eight eight seven two one four.
Thank you.
actually, Daisy, I'm so sorry. The phone number I gave you is my old number. Can I give you my new number?
No problem, and I'm ready.
OK. It's two two nine seven three zero seven three two six.
OK. I've made that correction. And you may choose which security question you'd like to use to access your account. What is? You can choose from what is your mother's maiden name, or what is the name of your first pet, or what street did you grow on.
let's do the first pet.
OK. And, so the answer would be?
Winky.
Winky, great. Thank you. Now, we do have multiple types of checking accounts available. We have free checking for those under the age of twenty-five or for those who keep a minimum daily balance of five hundred dollars. We also have interest-bearing checking accounts for those who keep a minimum daily balance of ten thousand dollars. These accounts pay varying interest rates ranging from one to three point three percent, or we have a flex checking account that requires no minimum daily balance and it has a service fee of three ninety-nine a month.
Mm. What happens with that free checking after I turn twenty-five?
After you're twenty-fifth birthday you would be expected to carry a minimum daily balance of five hundred dollars . For any months in which your balance drops below five hundred, on any given day, you would be charged four ninety-nine.
Mm. Four ninety-nine for every day my balance is below five hundred.
Oh, no no no no, sorry. it just means that if there are any days that it drops below five hundred, you'll get charged a monthly service fee of four ninety-nine. So, any amount of days one through thirty, and there's the one time monthly service fee of four ninety-nine.
Oh, oh, I see. Oh. OK. yeah, I want that free checking account.
OK. And will you be using a checking or savings account to transfer money into your new account today?
I don't have my bank information on me right now. Can I do it at the bank later today?
Let me look and check what our guidelines are on that.
Or even better, is online banking an option? Could I transfer funds into this new account there?
Yes, sir. All of these are available options. I'm showing the branch located closest to you is, point two miles from your address. It's seven twenty-nine Peacock Avenue. Their lobby is open Monday through Friday nine to five and Saturday from ten a.m. to two. Their drive-thru is open Monday through Friday eight to six, and Saturday nine to three. They do have a twenty-four hour ATM onsite. It's right inside their entryway, and there, you'd be able to deposit checks or cash. You can access our online banking at WWW dot Intellibank dot com. You will need to set up an online banking login and password using the credentials I could provide you, once we've established your account. Would you like that additional information?
Yeah, sounds good.
All right, sir. I've created your account and I'm ready to provide you with your routing number, account number, and those credentials needed to create your login for online banking. Do you have a pen and paper ready?
Yep. I'm ready.
OK, George. The routing number for your local branch, that I mentioned earlier, is nine eight two five four three six four four. Your personal checking account number is seven four six two eight nine nine one zero. Now for the online banking, you can use your email as your username and the password will be the last four of your social security number. The system will automatically require you to change your password upon logging in that first time. And I recommend creating your online login before attempting to access banking through our mobile app. You'll need those newly created credentials. Does that all make sense?
Yes.
And would you like to confirm your routing and account numbers with me?
sure. The routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four. And my account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Great. Do you have any questions or concerns?
Actually, I mean, I'm new here and I was wondering if you know any good local restaurants to try?
Well, I'm not physically in Branson, but I have I have visited there on many occasions It's really nice this time of year. And, I would suggest you try Big Bertha's Pancake Emporium if you like a friendly vibe on the cheap. But if you're looking for upscale dining, try Peterson's Steak House. It's casual dress, but fine dining prices. The food is great.
OK. Thanks for the info. I really appreciate it.
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes I need to transfer money to my husband's account.
OK, I can do that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill.
All right Jill, so you were wanting to transfer money from your account to your husband's account. Is that correct?
Yeah that's right. He's going on a hunting trip with his buddy so he needs to transfer some some spending money.
OK can you tell me Jill, are you listed on your husband's account?
Yes I am.
OK Jill, let me get this started for you. first off, what is your account number?
It's three four six zero two nine nine eight.
OK and is that a checking or a savings account?
It's a checking account.
OK Jill can you also confirm your mailing address for me? I just want to make sure that that's still three zero nine Westin Street in Kansas City, Missouri.
Yeah that's correct, that's still my address.
All right Jill, and can you also give me your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right Jill. And so this account has a security question. Could you please tell me the city you were born in?
Yeah I was born in Totton, it's in England.
All right Jill, let me look at your account real quick, let me get that pulled up. So it looks like in your account you have a account balance of three thousand ninety-eight dollars and thirty cents in your checking account. how much were you wanting to transfer today to your husband's account?
I'd like to transfer fifteen hundred.
OK and do you have the account number for your husband's account where you would like that transferred?
Yeah hold on, just a second, let me ask him. Babe? Babe what's your account number? Yeah? OK he said it's four five zero two nine zero one zero zero.
All right, thank you for that. So you were wanting to transfer fifteen hundred dollars to his account ending in zero one zero zero, is that correct?
Yeah. Can you tell me what that brings my balance to after it's transferred? also, is that transfer going to be immediate?
Yeah I can tell you that. So the transfer will make those funds available immediately in his account once I get this processed. And that's going to leave you with a balance in your account of one thousand five hundred and ninety-eight dollars and thirty cents, OK?
OK can you send me a confirmation from Intellibank, please?
yes Jill. I do want to do want to correct you, though, there it's actually Intellibank. I think you said Intellibank there. But I can absolutely get you a receipt for that transfer once I get those funds sent, OK?
OK I'm really sorry about that. I I didn't mean to say Intelli I'm sorry Intellibank I meant to say Intelli.
No problem at all. it's not a big deal. I just wanted to correct you there just so knew for future. But let me get this transferred over to you now. Give me just a moment, OK?
No problem, that's fine. Is your day going well?
Yeah. My days been great. How about yours?
I'm doing good. I'm I took the day off today since my husband was heading out of town. I was thinking I might go get a pedicure or something, have a little bit of a girl's day.
Oh, that that sounds actually pretty wonderful.
Yeah I'm looking forward to it. I might call my mom and take her with me like I said have a little girl's day or something. I don't know.
Well I hope you have a great day Jill, and I hope you enjoy your time with your mom. real quick here. This account has a four digit passcode for your security purposes. Can you tell me that four digit passcode please?
yeah that's not my ATM pin right? That's the other number, like the one that we called when we created these accounts?
Yeah that's right. So the passcode code should not be the same number as your ATM pin. and it would have been something that you would have created about the time that you created your bank account.
OK I think it's two one zero nine. let me ask real quick. honey? Is the pin two one zero nine? OK yes it's two one zero nine.
All right Jill. That is correct. OK let me get all that money transferred over for you now. Give me just a second to get that processed. And then I'll also get that receipt emailed to you but let me get this money sent first. OK. I'm getting it processed, it's just sending now. OK so I've got that transferred to his account and it should be available immediately. OK. So I have that transferred. You I just want to confirm real quick before I send this receipt to you. Is you address the one on file I have is Jill Bean nine zero at Yahoo is that correct?
Yes that's correct it's Jill Jill Bean ninety at Yahoo dot com.
OK. I'm going to send that receipt over to you real quick here so that you'll have that. OK so I've got that receipt sent to you too, and the moneys been transferred. Was there anything else that I can do for you today?
no, I don't think so. So you said that's immediate? He can go to the ATM and take out whatever he wants? He'll just use a debit card?
Yes that's correct. It's it's immediate for him. So if he wants to go to the ATM and take some money out, he's more than welcomed to do that. It will be available with in his card.
OK. Well I appreciate it, thank you.
No problem at all Jill. Thank you for choosing Intellibank and you enjoy your day, OK?
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
Hi hi I have family stopping by for the weekend I use to handle all my finances online but I would like to talk to someone in person to get some things for the before they get here. Do you think I can get help with that?
Yes sir. certainly I can help you with that. Would you like the location of some branches near by so you can go and seek one of our financial associates?
yes please that would be very helpful.
All right sir. Before I give you that information I need to get a little bit of background. From you so that I can get you . So I can get you the closest locations available.
All right.
All right sir can I have your first and last name please?
my first name is Dale. Last name is Walker.
All right Mr. Walker. Could you give me the location of the address in question?
yes, yes My address is four I mean three three four zero Pinewood Drive. North Chicago Illinois. area code six zero zero six four.
All right sir. Repeat this back. your location is at thirty-three forty. Pinewood Drive. In North Chicago Illinois. ZIP code six zero zero six four.
Yes. Correct.
All right sir. Give me just one moment while I look up some locations around that address.
All right. All right. Oh boy.
I'm gonna have a heck of a time with the family stopping by. do you have any family stopping by to visit you this weekend?
no sir. My family lives a long way out of town. I usually only see them around holidays. So I am gonna see them close to Thanksgiving.
Oh OK. I hope you have a good time. Eat a lot of turkey I hope.
Yes sir. I hope you do too.
man.
All right Mr. Walker. Looks like we have four locations that are pretty close to your address.
OK.
OK. That first one is at eighty-two fifty-two South Station Street.
Eighty-two fifty-two South Station Street.
Yes sir. Those branch hours are seven a.m. to four p.m.. Monday through Thursday.
OK.
Seven a.m. to five p.m. on Friday.
All right.
And that branch is also opened on Saturday from seven a.m. to two p.m..
OK. I got that.
And that one is about a half a mile away from you.
All right. Half a mile.
Yes sir. All right. We have the next one is located at ten Railway Avenue.
Ten Railway?
Yes sir. Railway.
All right.
That one has the operating hours of eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And ten a.m. to two p.m. on Saturday.
OK. Next step.
Our next location is about three quarters of a mile from you.
All right.
That location is at eighty-five ninety-seven Kingwood Street.
Eighty-five ninety-seven Kingwood Street.
Yes sir. Those hours of operation are from eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday.
OK.
And it does open on Saturday from eight a.m. to two p.m..
Eight a.m. to two p.m..
Yes sir.
OK. I got that.
And this last location is a mile away. It does have extended hours however so sometimes this will be like the best location to go to later in the day.
OK.
This one is open from eight a.m. to six p.m. Monday through Thursday.
Monday through Thursday. I got that.
And it's open from eight a.m. to seven p.m. actually.
Oh that's good.
On Friday.
Aww that's cool.
This one is closed on Saturday and Sunday, however.
All right. Got that. I do have a question.
Yes sir.
do do any of the branches have ATM machines inside of them? And are they available after hours?
Yes sir. we actually have two of these locations have interior ATMs. The one on eighty-five ninety-seven Kingwood Street, it has an interior ATM that is available till five p.m..
All right. .
So it's not available after hours. It actually they shut down that lobby.
OK. So I'm available till five?
Yes, sir.
OK.
But the one on twenty-six Wayne Street, that one is available till ten p.m. that night. That one has an exterior lobby area that that they leave open.
All right.
All right.
All right. I think I'll go with that one. All right. I appreciate that.
All right, sir, is there anything else I can help you with?
That's about it, Leslie. I sure appreciate your help there.
All right thank you so much Mr. Walker for calling us today. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
Hi. Yeah. I thought you were called Intel Bank but whatever. I need to make a transfer wire or whatever it's called.
OK. I can help you with a wire transfer.
OK. so it is to another country. Can we do that?
Yes. As long as you have the routing number and the account number in which you want the funds transferred. I can help you with that. Can I first get your account number that you'd like the the funds transferred from please.
Yeah it's one seven nine four five three zero zero.
OK. Thank you. And your name?
My name is Karen Huxley. My date of birth is two eighteen ninety-two. My social security number is.
Oh.
Thank you. That's. That's actually. I don't need your social but thank you very much for your date of birth. Also I do need a couple more pieces of information from you for your security. your authenticating ID. Which would be your driver's license number.
OK.
It is six six one seven five four O R for Oregon. That's where I am calling from. And like I said I will be transferring out of the country.
OK. Thank you very much. and your security question. It says here. can I get the name of your pet please.
Oh let's see. I set up the account back in two thousand two I think? So lemme go through that. I've had so many dogs you know. Just because you know I need a therapy animal Its it's Oregon. You get kinda depressed once it hits winter because it just rains constantly.
Right.
That's
What I've heard. There's a lot of rain in Oregon.
Yeah. It's so depressing. I feel like when you go to the store everyone is just it's Oregon. I'm depressed. Buying snacks and sweets. And I know I always find myself doing that when I'm depressed. I have so many snacks. And it's like I wonder why am I gaining weight? any who. So two thousand two. Let's try was it Pickle? I had two dogs.
Pickle. That's not the answer I have down here. Is there another dog name you might've used?
All right. Let's see.
Pickle had cancer. So. Maybe Pickle died before this account? Let's try Sonny? My. Maybe Sonny.
Yeah. That's that's the answer you have down here.
OK.
She was the best dog. She's actually still with me. She's about nineteen years old. And I'm just. I'm praying that she doesn't go cuz I need this girl for the rest of my life. You know what I mean?
I. Yeah I'm really attached to my dog too. I do know what you mean.
She's better than my husband.
Well that. Let's. let's get on with your wire transfer. what amount did you want to transfer today?
So I need to transfer twelve hundred dollars to the African government. Because my daughter is there on missionary status. And apparently she didn't think she had to pay taxes in Africa. And now they're saying that if she doesn't pay she's gonna go to jail. And I gotta get this taken care of today. Or else. You know. There goes my my daughter.
Oh.
Mhm.
Yeah. Well let's get this taken care of for you right away. So you said this was Bank of Africa?
Yeah. Yeah. I don't I I believe it's the government bank. So maybe it's the government IRS. I have no idea.
OK. Well do you have the. You said you had the account number and the routing number? Let's start. Let's start with the routing number please.
Yes.
OK. So it's one five six F three two nine eight one. I. That's what they told me. I don't know. It's it's Africa. They could have some weird symbols in there that I don't know about.
OK. Well, let's see.
Yeah. A
Routing number is never gonna have a letter. So is it. Maybe a number that looks like the letter F. Well let's try this without the letter F.
Oh. You know what. I just read my re~. It's it's a nine. It's not an F. I've. I need to go back to school for handwriting lessons.
It's a nine?
OK.
Yeah I didn't know they had those at school. Interesting. OK. So routing number and then can I get the account number in which you want this deposited?
Oh OK. It's a long one. It's four six seven three zero two nine five eight three one two. Did you get that?
I think so. eight three one two is the final four?
Yes. they gave me another one. Do you need the second one? I have it here. It's five two what is that? Eight one. Should I keep going?
OK. Great.
No.
just one account number is fine. So when I put in the routing number with a nine instead of F. It did come up as Bank of Africa. So.
OK.
OK.
Does it say African IRS or is that. Like does it say what the account name is cuz I don't wanna be transferring my my money to some random Africa account. I mean this could be the prince of Africa for all I know.
It doe~
Yeah. I not. It does not say who owns the account. It does just say that it was Bank of Africa. And the account number you gave me is a real account number. But it doesn't. Like I said. It does not say who owns the account. Did you want to continue with this wire transfer?
OK.
Yeah. I mean it is only a thousand dollars. And you know. I I make pretty good money so. If it's wrong then my daughter will be paying me back.
OK. All right. Well I've initiated the wire transfer be~.
Now
Do I have security on my account? Like if for some reason it was someone not correct. Can they get into my account? Or do you guys provide that kind of security?
We don't. Since you're providing us with a a routing number and a account number. If this is incorrect then you would not receive your money back.
It's not like the post office? Where you know. You pay for two day shipping and if you don't get it you get your money back?
No. That would not occur. are you sure you want to continue with this transfer. Wire transfer?
Oh, that's messed up.
Yeah I suppose. I mean if I get. If I get random charges I can go to fraud right? Like if they keep using my account for random things.
Oh!
OK. Yes. If they. If they use the account from which you are withdrawing. OK. Yes. If. If that was to be used that would be fraud unless you approved of it which you know happens.
OK. I'm not
In Africa. So I'm not making any purchases.
That makes sense. Yeah. And it's too rainy in Oregon.
It's too hot.
Yeah. You gotta find a middle. I'm thinking Arizona maybe. But I hear it's hot there too. But at least it's close to Las Vegas coz you know. I like those slots.
Yeah.
It's how I became a millionaire.
Oh. Very interesting.
But that's in another bank. I don't trust it in Intel Bank. I keep my Whatever. I keep my small money with you guys.
Intellibank
OK. Well That wire transfer will be initiated today and will hit within the next business day. because Africa is. Depending where in Africa. They are about least twelve hours ahead of us. So it will take one business day for this to be completed.
Hmm.
I think she's in Zimbabwe. I I don't really know. Does it say Zimbabwe on the account?
Oh, OK.
It does not. No.
Darn. I wish they would do that.
well maybe would you be interested in transferring all your millions into Intellibank?
Not right now. No. I can't risk Africa getting my millions.
OK. I understand. Maybe something to think of because we offer really great interest rates for deposits with us. But if there's anything else I can help you with.
Nope. Don't think so.
OK great. Well we'll get this done and you have a very great day.
You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi Daisy, my name's George. I'm calling intel bank because I wanted to see if I could possibly help my nephew out with a little bit of money.
OK George, I'd be happy to assist you today. I do want to confirm you're aware you've reached Intellibank.
Oh yeah. Sorry about that. Yeah. Intellibank.
Great. And George, in what manner were thinking of helping him out?
I just want to give him some money.
OK. Do you have an account with us? Are you looking for a branch location to make a withdraw?
I want to put money into his account.
Oh, I see. Do you and your nephew both have accounts with Intellibank?
Yeah.
OK and would you like to transfer funds from your account to his?
Yes.
OK George. I would be happy to help you with that. Let's go ahead and pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
My name is George Emery and I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson, Missouri. And my ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you and your date of birth?
It's September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And the account number please?
sure. I have it right here. All right it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Thank you for that. And let me just look here. Thank you for verifying you info for me George.
Hey before we do the transfer could you tell me where the nearest branch is?
Absolutely.
and also the hours please.
Sure George. Are we talking about the nearest address to your house?
Yeah.
OK. One moment while I look that up.
All right George. I have two branches within one mile of your house. The closest one is at two twenty-eight Laverne Court. And the second closest, which is just under a mile, that one's at four ninety-six Macintosh Street.
OK. And the hours please?
Oh sure. Let me check. Looks like they both have the same hours. And their lobbies are open Monday through Friday from nine a.m. to five p.m., Saturdays ten a.m. to two p.m.. Then they each have a drive-through as well open Monday through Friday eight a.m. to six p.m.. Saturdays it's a short day. Nine a.m. to three p.m.. They each also have an ATM in their lobby, in their entryway. And that's open twenty-four seven. It accepts checks and or cash deposits. Any more questions about locations and hours?
no I don't think so.
All right. So you'd like to go ahead with that transfer?
Yeah.
OK. And just to confirm this transfer will come from your checking account zero zero one six three nine two two one seven?
Yeah.
All right and how much would you like to transfer?
let's go ahead and do three hundred.
Great and are we gonna transfer into his checking or savings account?
His checking account.
Great and what is that number?
It's zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
Three three one eight. Perfect. All right let me just confirm with you George Emery is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of three hundred dollars from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. To his nephews checking account, also here at Intellibank. That checking account number is zero zero one six three nine three three one eight. Is this correct?
Yes.
Great. In just a moment I will have a transaction ID number for you if you have a pen and paper ready.
Yeah I'm ready. So how's your day going Daisy?
Pretty good. Pretty good. How about you George?
it's going good you know. My nephew called me this morning. He said that he needs money for some books for school. I think it's that Scholastic Book Fair or whatever it's called. so I hope he has fun with that. Just wanna give him a little bit of money to buy whatever he wants.
Wow! three hundred dollars will buy a lot of books.
Yeah. I hope so.
Good. I have that transaction ID number here. It's nine nine one seven six two nine. And then you're ending balance on that account George is eight thousand one hundred ten dollars and fifty-two cents. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. I think that's it.
All right. Well have a great day and thanks for calling Intellibank.
You too. Bye.
Bye now.
Intellibank, this is Christina. How may I help you?
Hey Christina. How you doing? I I got a letter in the mail yesterday from your bank. And I kinda think I know what the issue is but it says there's a problem with my account. I was wondering if we can get this solved today?
Oh sure. Right away. let me start with your first and last name please.
All right. My first name is James and last name is Carlin. That's C A R L I N.
OK Mr. Carlin. And what is your date of birth?
It's oh seven oh one nineteen ninety.
OK and your social please?
OK. It is two oh four seven seven oh eight one.
OK perfect. And last by not least your security question. Which is what city did you grow up in?
good old Wilmington, Delaware.
Very nice. OK so OK Mr. Carlin. I see that apparently we seem to have the wrong email for you. We've been emailing you things and it's kinda getting kicked back to us. Did you change your email?
I did. I I finally decided to move into the new millennium. You know twenty years too late.
OK.
But I I finally got decided that it's time to get rid of AOL and move to Gmail. And I thought I changed everything over. But obviously one of my major things, the banking, slipped through the cracks.
Well that's no problem at all. I can totally update your email right away. just can you confirm the account number?
Oh ugh I don't have that on me right now.
OK that's no problem. Do you happen to have your bank card on you? Like I could use that number. or your account number on your bank card?
That yeah. Just give me one second. Let me get my wallet. I do have that.
OK great!
OK I'm ready.
OK.
All right. It is four zero one five six one one seven three two eight seven nine nine two five.
OK perfect. OK so I whenever you're ready I could just go ahead and update your email. So go right ahead when you're ready.
All right. So, it's it's basically like I said the same email. it's James Carlin oh seven oh one at Gmail dot com.
OK.
And it was the it was just at AOL. Now we're at Gmail. So it it's basically the same thing.
OK yeah. welcome to the new world. OK. So, also is there anything else I could interest you in like a platinum card or our traveler's card, any kind of like auto loans we're we're featuring this month?
You You know what like something I really have not touched base on, and I guess I really should at this point and it probably would've solved this problem, is online banking.
Oh! OK, yeah. I can absolutely set you up with that and, as a matter of fact, I can email you all the information. And it'll walk you through it. It'll prompt you through it. It's very easy. But if you do have questions, you can always call us back. Our customer service line is open until eight p.m. eastern time. So you could always call us back. But I'm I'm confident that you would be able to walk yourself through that and just set it up that way.
Now is this like like I would imagine I would've been able to just go on to the website and update my email address right on, if I would have remembered, myself. Just gone on there and updated the email address on the website myself?
Right. Yes, you'll be able to do all kinds of things like that. You can pay your bills online automatically. There's a bunch of different features that are really cool and exciting and you know, as I said, very functional for someone on the go, you know. You just want to get things done. So yeah. I I'm gonna go ahead and email that to you. Is is that OK?
That that would be great and I'm is there also like, would I be able to access that on my phone as well?
Mhm.
Yes, we do! We have an app and it'll it'll also give you the link to that. You can download our app onto your phone. You could do it just like that as well. You don't have to do it on your laptop, or yeah we have a lot of different ways to make things really easy for you.
Perfect.
Perfect perfect perfect! This this will be such such a big help in my life.
Oh, that's so great! So, is there anything else I could help you with, Mr. Carlin?
I think that's it for now.
All right! All right well thank you so much. Have a great day.
Thank you. You too.
Bye bye.
Hello, welcome to Intellibank. My name is Michael, how may I help you?
yes. Hey Michael. I'm I was interested in opening up another checking account with y'all.
yes sir. Would you like to do this over the phone?
if possible. I mean I was just kinda curious. Can we just go ahead and fund it with some of the money I have in another account with y'all?
yes sir we can wire transfer over the phone into this account. Is that what you're asking?
no it wouldn't be a wire transfer because the account is at your bank already.
Oh yes sir I understand. You already have an account with with us?
Yes and I just need to open up another bank account and and really the reason I need it I just kinda want to keep some things separate and it just seems to be handy to have two different checking accounts.
Yes sir, let's get started. I can help you with that. what is your first and last name sir?
my first name is John my last name is Walker.
Thank you. And what is your date of birth sir?
That's November thirtieth nineteen sixty.
Thank you, sir. And since you said you're already a member with Intellibank. Could I ask for your the last four digits of your social security number just to verify the
Yes.
Yes nine three seven six.
That's correct sir. Thank you for verifying your information. So what kind of account would you like to open with us, sir?
it's another checking account. and yep.
OK sir, hold on one moment, please.
So you already have a security question for your other checking account that I can see on file. But it is our bank's policy that you have another unique security question for separate accounts. So what would you like for your security question to be for this new checking account that you're opening with us. we have some options that you could choose. It could be the name of your first pet. your mother's maiden name. the color of your first car.
I like the first one, name of my first pet. I remember him well.
Yes sir. And what is the answer to this security question?
Leroy. that's spelled L E R O Y.
Thank you, sir. Hold on one moment while I create a new checking account for you. OK, sir just to verify everything that you just told me. Your name is John Walker. You were born on November thirtieth nineteen sixty. The social security number that we have on file the full social security number is three six three five seven nine three seven six. You're opening another checking account with us. And the security question to this checking account that you are now opening is what is the name of your first pet? Answer Leroy or Leroy. Spelled L E R O Y. Is all this correct sir?
Yes, that is correct.
Thank you very much sir for opening a new checking account with us. as you may or may not know there is a ten dollar monthly fee that is a monthly excuse me, sir. There is a five dollar monthly fee for checking accounts with but as long as you maintain a minimum deposit of a thousand dollars this fee does not occur sir.
OK that's great. We can just draw out a thousand dollars out of my existing account to fund this one.
Yes sir, would you like to do that right now?
yes please go ahead and make that transfer. Excuse me.
Quite all right sir. And I forgot to mention the account number for this new account that you just created is assigned nine zero zero one three six. And could I have the account number for which you'd like to transfer money into your new checking account, please?
yeah but well you have it I'm sure. but it is eight three six four nine nine.
Thank you, sir. And so the balance of this account that I can see is five thousand one hundred and three dollars and fifty-nine cents. Does this seem correct sir?
that sounds right. Yes.
one moment sir.
OK so effective today a account transfer will occur between accounts eight three six four nine nine with the residual balance of five thousand one hundred and three dollars and fifty-nine cents. You'll be transferring to Oh, I apologize, sir. how much did you want to transfer out of the checking?
yeah, I'll.
Say we don't want to empty that one out. No, I let's just put the thousand to avoid the five dollar fee. Monthly fee for the new account.
Yes sir that's what I assumed but I forgot to verify. My apologies. you're going to transfer a thousand dollars into your new account nine zero zero one six three from account number eight three six four nine nine. And the residual balance after this transfer has occurred in your other checking account eight three six four nine nine will be four thousand one hundred and three dollars and fifty-nine cents. And it takes about two to three business days for the transfer to occur. But given that you just made this new account today the ten dollar monthly fee will not apply because the transfer should occur by then. please call us if there are any mistakes or that you see online or over the phone. and there will be a thousand dollars in account number nine zero zero one one three six, excuse me. is there anything else I can do for you sir? Would you like to know more about online banking so you can check the status of your accounts in the future?
no, but what is it a five dollar monthly fee or a ten dollar monthly fee if my account went below a thousand?
My apologies sir, it was a five dollar monthly fee. But this shouldn't have any effect on you because it will be transferred in the next two to three days and the monthly fee should not be charged to your account.
OK. Well, thank you. Could I get your name one more time?
my name is Michael sir.
All right Very good. I just wanted to write that down.
Is there anything else I can do for you,
Sir?
no, that's all.
OK have a nice day sir.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How may I help you today?
Hi Kathy. This is Julie Williams. I'm calling today because I wanna make a wire transfer.
It's something that my husband told me about and I just. I'm just really disorganized and I don't know that much about banking. I'm hoping that you can you can help me with this wire transfer.
OK great. So we're going to make this transfer from your account here with us.
Yes. My account here with us. With you.
OK Julie. If I could get your date of birth please.
OK. My date of birth is seven twenty-five of nineteen fifty-seven.
And, if I could get the account number we're going to be wiring from.
OK. let me look it up.
OK.
While I'm looking that up, how are you today?
I'm great. How are you today?
I I've been fine. Joe's been having a little bit of congestion but I'm feeling great to be perfectly honest.
Well, that's good. I'm glad you're feeling great.
OK. My checking account number is do you have a pen?
I sure do. Go ahead.
OK. One five zero one zero six eight five.
OK. And, if I could ask you one more question. What is your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Smith.
OK. Thank you so much for that Julie.
So, this wire, is this going to be an international wire or domestic wire?
the reason I'm I'm doing this because I bought this really nice purse. but, it's from Italy. So, yes, it's an international purchase.
And, can you tell me if there's any fees associated with this wire transfer?
OK. An international wire there's a fifty dollar fee.
Fifty dollars?
That is
Correct.
Wow.
That is a lot!
Yep. That's how much the fed charges for an international wire.
Wow. Well you know what? I really want this purse.
So, let's go ahead and make the transfer.
OK. So, if we're going to wire funds we would need the, because it's an international wire, we would need the swift code of the bank you're sending the wire to.
We need the account number of the account holder you're sending the money to we also need the name of the the person's name on the account.
And their physical address.
Oh.
That's a lot of information. I don't know if I have all that.
Yes, it is. And, just so you're aware, international wires are not immediate. They can take up to six weeks.
Six weeks!
That is
Correct.
Wow.
That is a long time.
Oh man. I should ask this merchant whether or not they would be willing to take some kind of other form of payment cuz that seems like an awful lot of money and time. can you hang on just a moment?
Absolutely.
OK. I'm back.
I actually just talked to my husband and he said if I wanted to go ahead and get it.
So, I would like to actually make that that wire transfer please.
OK great. So I just need the name of the bank we're wiring the funds to.
That would be Alpine Bank.
And, I will also need the bank's SWIFT code.
What is a SWIFT code?
That's the international number used for wiring services.
how many digits is it?
Typically there are about eight digits.
OK. I think this is the number. It's zero six three one one four zero zero one.
OK great. Let me put that information in to our system.
OK. And, you say it was Alpine Bank?
Yes, that's corrent.
OK. I do see that came up as Alpine Bank.
And, do you have the name of the individual we are sending this wire to?
Sure. Their name is Mike or Michael Smith.
OK. Michael Smith. Thank you so much for that. And, do you have a physical address?
OK. The physical address is twenty-four Milan Street. M I L A N Street. And, that's in Rome, Italy.
And, do you have the six digit code for the city?
The six digit code for the city?
It's usually three letters and three numbers, or a combination of of those.
Kay.
A T M three nine five.
OK. Thank you so much for that. I am showing that that is a match. And, how much money did we wanna wire today, Julie?
and you said it was fifty dollars for the fee?
That is.
Do I include that in the amount that I tell you when I say want to wire it?
No, you do not. We pull that out of your account separately.
OK. the amount is five hundred dollars.
OK great. I can go ahead and get that set up for you now.
Like I said, it could take up to six weeks for those funds to arrive there because it is an international wire.
You may also want to check to see if there's a fee on the other end for receiving the wire.
Ooh. I didn't. They didn't say anything about that when when they gave me the information.
OK.
is there a way I can check on this online?
You could check I suppose you could maybe go to their bank's website if they have one and check to see what their wiring fees are.
But, didn't you guys have online bank banking?
We do have online banking. unfortunately you can not do international wires through our online banking services.
What are some things I can do with the online banking?
You can transfer funds between account you can check your daily balances and transactions. You can also use bill pay so you you could pay bills online. let's see.
How do I sign up for it?
Well you simply go to Intellibank dot com and click where it says get started.
Oh that's easy.
Yep. They'll just ask a couple of personal information questions to make sure you know everything matches and you have an account here with us. Once everything matches you will get approved and that's normally the same day.
Oh, that's awesome. OK. I think I'm going to do that then.
OK. That sounds great. Well your wire is on it's way. Is there anything else I can help you with today, Julie?
No, that'll be it.
Thank you so much for you help.
You're very welcome.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yes. I need to get some banking information.
OK. Let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
OK. And, you prefer that I call you Jill or Mrs. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill or Ms. Baker.
OK Ms. Baker can you tell me your account number?
Yeah. So, my account number is three four six zero two nine nine eight and my social it's five six zero two nine zero eight three nine.
OK. Thank you for that information, Ms. Baker. Can I also get your date of birth?
Yes. So, my date of birth is March second of nineteen eighty.
OK. Miss Baker, the account has a security number I'm sorry a security question so could you please tell me the city you were born in?
Yes. So, I was born in Todson.
All right. You said Todson, is that correct?
Yes. It's T O D S O N.
OK. And, so let me see real quick. So, can you tell me what banking information that you where needing today?
Yeah. So, I need to find a location that's close to my home.
OK. Can you confirm your home address for me?
It's two three zero Hunts Avenue.
OK. And, can you also give me the city and state and ZIP code as well?
Yes. Kansas City. It's seven four. I'm sorry. Kansas City, Missouri and it's seven four eight zero two.
All right. And, are you needing a full service location or just an ATM location?
I'd like a full service. that means it has a drive-through, correct?
Yes, that's correct. our branches do have drive-throughs.
Yeah, then I need a full service then cuz I need a drive-through.
All right, Jill. Let me check on that for me. Give me a moment to look this up for you.
OK. So, based on the address that you provided I did find a location here. Do you have a pen and I can provide you with that address?
Yeah, I have it. Go ahead.
OK. So, this is a full service branch with a drive-through. And, it's operating at seven three nine Valley Four Drive in Kansas City.
That's seven three nine Valley Four Drive and the ZIP code is eight three seven nine two.
OK. And, how late is that location open? Do you know?
Yeah. So, this location it is open until seven p.m. Monday through Friday for the virtual teller and then ten a.m. till four p.m. on Saturdays.
And, the virtual teller option for that one would run from two p.m. to four p.m. on Saturdays.
OK.
All right. I'm writing this . And, also could you give me a phone number for that branch too?
Yeah. So, it looks like the direct phone number so it looks like the direct phone number for that location is gonna be eight one nine nine zero nine six four seven three.
That's eight one nine nine zero nine six four seven three. And, then you can also reach any of our locations by calling our main number at eight one eight eight seven zero eight one six seven seven. That's one eight eight seven zero eight one six seven seven and they will actually give you an automated option to choose a location branch
that's where you'll just type in the number to the location that you're trying to that you're trying to get a phone number for or be contacted to.
and that will be number twenty-six. You'll be looking at bank branch number twenty-six. You'll just type that two six into your notepad. I'm sorry into your phone keypad whenever they ask for that.
OK. So, if I'm depositing cash can I do that through the drive-through? Do do I need to have anything for the teller for that?
yeah, you can.
You will just need to use your debit card to access that virtual teller option. It'll work similarly to an ATM.
You'll put your card into you'll put your card into the machine and then it will ask for your PIN number. Your four digit PIN number for your ATM code.
and that's what you'll provide in to be connected to a teller.
OK. While you have my account open can you tell just to make sure that I don't have anything pending to come out right now. I just don't want my account to be over drafted, that's all.
Yeah. Let me look here.
Yeah. So, it doesn't look like there is anything pending as of today.
OK. So, if I deposit these funds they'll be available today too, right?
Yeah. So, if you're depositing at a bank branch they will be available instantly for you. So, as long as it's cash or it's a check below the amount of five thousand dollars it should be available to you immediately.
OK. I think I'm going to go ahead and head that way now before they close.
no problem at all. Was there anything else I could help you today with, Jill?
No. Actually though, really quick here so I don't need to I don't need to do anything cuz it won't batch till after midnight. So, if I deposit it now and it's after five p.m. it won't batch until after midnight or post to my account until then, right? I mean the check is that I mean the check I wrote. That's what I meant?
Like the payments I made. Not not the deposit I'm about to make.
Yeah. Yes, that's correct. So since you're going in after five p.m. most likely nothing will batch until after midnight. So, it probably won't post until tomorrow morning if a check did process. OK?
Was there anything else I could help you with?
I don't think so. I think that's everything.
OK. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank, Miss Baker. You enjoy your day, OK?
This is Sarah, thank you for calling Intellibank, how can I help you?
Hey Sarah, how are you? Yeah I think I'm an idiot and made a big boo-boo and I need your help.
Oh no, of course. What what what's going on?
Actually it's me and my me me and my friends where having a little guys weekend and we went away to Atlantic City. Having fun in the sun, own the beach, toes in the sand you know at the casino, gambling, living it up. Having a good time. And I lost my travel card.
Oh no so you lost your travelers card. That's what we call it.
Oh.
Your travels your travelers card with Intellibank.
Yes, yes.
OK, you lost that. Oh no. OK well, I can help you with that. What is your first and last name? Let's get started with that.
Yes.
Alright the first name is Phillip.
OK.
And the last name is Hanson.
Hanson. Is it H A N S O N?
Yes.
OK, perfect. And what's your date of birth Mr. Hanson?
It's oh six.
Uh-huh.
Two one.
Un huh.
Nineteen eighty-six.
OK and.
Now will I be able to get this like ASAP a a a new one? Because like I'm here in Atlantic City.
Oh.
Yes.
Oh OK well, actually I'm gonna have to cancel the card.
OK.
And then I'm going to send you out a new card but unfortunately it take about five to seven business days to get a new card. What you can do you say you're in Atlantic City?
Yeah.
OK. Well, there are several branches of Intellibank in Atlantic City so I can give you the address and then you can just go, obviously you probably have your license on you.
And so what's?
OK.
Yes.
So you can just go to a branch actually and just take out money, the old fashion way.
OK. So it's not gonna slow down my progress of gambling and and and fun in the sun.
No it won't, we'll get to that but let me just get all your information so I can cancel this card and I wanna make sure no one made any charges on the card.
OK.
I know you said you lost it but if somebody found it and like used it that would be really bad.
Yeah, with my luck the~
Ten to one they probably took my card took my money went gambling and won.
OK well OK so let's slow down so the next question I need to ask you is your security question which is, what is your mother's maiden name?
Oh it's Dilornzo.
How do you spell that?
D I L O R N Z O.
OK.
Mhm.
N Z O?
OK perfect. OK and what was the last charge that you had on that card? Do you recall?
It was probably
Was it yesterday?
It.
Was yeah it was definitely yesterday. It was probably
OK.
Would it.
One of the restaurant, the the restaurant in the.
OK is it was it the Oak Grove?
In the Sands. In the Sands Casino. Yeah.
That's not.
Yeah, OK. The last thing I see on here is the Oak Grove in the Sands Hotel.
Mhm.
OK perfect so no one has used it since then so I'm gonna go ahead with your permission and cancel this card.
OK please.
OK. OK let me go in OK so that is canceled. So what is your mailing address? I'm gonna mail you out a new card. As I said it takes about five to seven business days to get the card and you'll have there'll be like a phone number on the card you'll it take you through the prompts, you'll set up a new card, a new pin number. You'll get a pin number separately first and then the card. You'll use that pin number to access but you can also you can always change it to the pin number that you like.
OK.
So what is your address?
Alright it's two seventy-six.
Hampden H A M.
P.
D E N. Road.
OK.
And that's Upper Darby.
OK.
Pennsylvania.
One nine oh eight two.
OK so do you need the address of the branch that is near you, are you at the Sands Hotel?
We are that's where we're staying.
OK let me just look so the Sands Hotel in Atlantic City. OK so the closest one is really close. It's like I'm looking at the map right now like if you just walk behind the boardwalk if you go, are you ready, do you want to write this down? I'll give you the address.
I'll be OK. I'll be OK. I'll be. Yeah. I'll be able. Yeah.
You think you can remember this? OK. So
It's thirty. I'm sorry, excuse me. Thirty-five twenty-three Paramore Avenue. and it's basically like a half a a half a block.
OK. OK.
I saw the street signs for
Oh. OK. So you saw.
OK so it's a half a block and you'll see like an Intellibank.
OK.
There's like a really nice actually our Intellibank bank in Atlantic City kind of mimics it's kind of the fanciest one that we have.
I wonder if they have slot machines in the bank?
We do have fake ones and there's like free coffee. So we're open at seven a.m..
OK.
Tomorrow morning tonight we're open until six p.m. if you need to get over there tonight. So OK so that so your new card will be out to you like I said in five to seven business days. And I'm so sorry this happened to you especially that you're in the middle of having fun in Atlantic City but no worries we got your back. And is there anything else I can help you with?
I guess real quick just a simple question like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
once I I realized this had happened last night would it have been easier if I did online banking would I have go online and cancel this right away or.
Mhm.
No in a situation like this you would have to call us anyway.
OK.
But I do suggest online banking because it's so convenient especially if you want to transfer funds from your savings to checking. You can wire transfer, it's it's really convenient. I can I can go ahead and just like email you all the information about it.
OK.
If you want.
Please.
What is your email?
It's Phil Hanson.
OK.
At G mail dot com.
OK perfect. OK mister Hanson so I sent that over and if you have any other questions you can always call us back. Can I do anything else for you?
You've done it all thank you so much and come to Atlantic City and play some slots.
Right now?
OK, win big Mr. Hanson.
Thank you so much.
All right, take
Care. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sophia. How can I help you?
Hi Sophia. How you doing?
OK. How are you today?
Doing good. I I I have a few things to go over with my account and I guess the number one issue. It's not even an issue. number one thing I wanna do is do a wire transfer. My my parents are going away on vacation. Then it this is like a present from me to them for all they've done for me. So I'm I'm gonna I wanna send them some money to pay for their trip.
Oh, wow. That's so nice. So obviously they're not customers of Intellibank?
Correct.
OK. OK. So let's start let's start out nice and easy. What is your first and last name?
My first name is Mel.
OK.
And the last name is Hathaway.
OK. Can you spell your last name?
H A T. H A W A Y.
Mhm.
OK, Mister Hathaway. And what's your date of birth?
It's oh one nineteen eighty-one.
Mhm.
OK. And your security question which is what city were you born in?
Philadelphia.
Philadelphia Freedom.
There you go. There you go. I'd sing that when I was a kid.
That's awesome. OK. And what's your account number?
OK. The account number is oh. Two. One five. Seven one six four one.
Uh-huh.
Mhm.
OK.
OK. And I'm assuming this is the account that you're gonna.
Y~.
Withdraw the funds from?
oh.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. No no.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
OK.
I gave you the wrong account for that. I.
Oh. OK. No no no no problem. No problem.
Yeah. No.
That that account my parents aren't getting too far on.
Oh. OK. Well take your time. I'm ready when you are for.
Yeah. Lemme. Lemme. Lemme get
The right account for you. I have a few accounts here.
OK. Sure.
OK. I'm ready.
OK.
All right. This account number is oh five six one three two. Two. Eight five four.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. And this this is gonna be the account that you wanna withdraw the funds to wire transfer?
Correct.
OK. Let me just read this back to you and make sure. Zero five six one three two two eight five four?
Yes. That's correct.
OK. Perfect. So you have twenty thousand dollars in that account?
Yes.
OK. How much do you want to wire over to your parents?
I wanna do six thousand.
OK. Well when you when you're ready I will take I need the routing number for their bank and the account number when you're ready.
OK. The routing number is zero zero. Two seven. One eight seven five four.
OK.
OK.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. And that account number?
that account number. All these numbers. OK All right. You ready?
Mhm.
it is zero four eight five zero seven seven one one two eight.
OK. OK. Perfect. So you're gonna take six thousand from the twenty?
Correct.
Yes.
And we're gonna go ahead and set that up to be wired over to them. Now don't forget there's a five dollar fee for that. Is that OK with you?
Right. That's
Fine.
OK. All right. So it's gonna take about ten to fifteen minutes for them to get it.
OK. That's fine.
And so you're gonna have thirteen thousand three hundred and ninety-five dollars left in that account.
OK.
OK. Perfect. All right. And what else can I help you with today?
you know what? I think I need to go through and update some personal information on my account.
OK.
I just need to doublecheck my email address.
Sure. OK. We have Mel H two two two seven at AOL dot com.
Yeah. See, that's that's old. That's old. Yeah.
OK. OK.
Yeah. AOL is kinda.
Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah.
OK. do you wanna just give me a a new one when you're ready? I I'm ready to take it.
E.
All right. It's Mel Hath H A M E L H A T H. One twenty six. At Gmail dot com.
OK.
OK.
OK.
OK. Perfect. And what else?
Lemme double check here.
I know, I know.
It's been a long day and I know how you feel. I mean, take your time. Is there anything else that we can do for you? Just let me know. I'm here for you. Take your time.
I have all these
Yeah.
I I'm going through my notes here and all my papers and all these numbers are making my head spin.
Mkay.
Yeah.
But it it looks like it actually might be everything.
OK. Great. That is so awesome and it's so nice that you're helping your parents out.
you know what? do you wanna do
?
Do you wanna do online banking maybe?
Oh. OK. Absolutely. Are you interested in that? you're not signed up for that I see.
I'm
Not signed up. Yeah.
OK.
Well what what we do is I'm gonna email you over a link. And it is I mean step by step takes you through everything. It'll prompt you. I mean, it's so easy and there's so many things you can do for yourself. You don't have to worry about calling customer service cuz I know sometimes you could be on hold forever. This is just something you can do twenty-four hours a day basically. So is it OK if I go ahead and send that email over to you? OK. I'm gonna send that over. Go through it. If you have any questions at all please call us. I don't think that you will. I don't think that you'll have any issues but if you do and you need us to like be on the phone with you while you're doing it no problem. we'd love to help.
OK.
Yes. Please do. Please
Great. And I I guess that's everything. I I guess the only other thing is just you know say a little prayer for my parents they have great weather for their trip and they get to enjoy a a nice getaway.
OK.
Aww.
That's beautiful. That's so nice. And hopefully you know you'll be able to go soon for yourself.
That would be nice as well. Yes.
And me too.
There you go.
All right. Well thank you so much. Is that it? Like is there anything else I. OK. Great. Have a great.
That's it.
You too. Thank you.
Bye bye.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How can I help you today?
yes I'm at this food truck and they won't take my Intellibank card. Can you help me?
All right sir so they won't take your Intellibank card there?
yes ma'am they won't take it.
So do they take cash Sir?
yes they take cash. They only take cash.
OK Sir. well I can give you a list of ATM locations close by. That way you can do a withdrawal and that way you can pay for whatever you're getting at that food truck. All right?
All right I hope it's close by.
Yes Sir.
All right. Thank you.
OK let me get your first and last name please.
Yeah first name Dale last name Walker.
I'm sorry and my phone number in case you need it just in case you need it there is eight area code eight four seven eight eight seven nine four four four.
All right Sir. So Mr. Dale Walker let me just look up your information right quick. I'm gonna need a little bit of information about the location so that I can get you the closest ATMs nearby.
OK.
OK Sir could you give me the street address please?
the. yes. Can you hold on a moment so I can find it at the see where it's at.
Yes sir.
that street address is is is nine six four Old Street, West Liberty, Illinois area code six two four seven five.
All right Sir you told me that it's nine six four Old Street West Liberty, Illinois and at six two for seven five?
Yes.
All right Sir. Let. Gimme just one moment while I look up some locations nearby.
All right.
Yeah all right Sir. Looks like we actually have four nearby locations. Those locations are well actually two of these locations are within driving distance and two walking distance.
All right.
I'll take them all.
All right Sir so this first location This is the one in walking distance from that food truck.
OK.
It's at one Valley Farms Road.
Valley Farm Road.
Yes
Sir.
The hours for their ATM is from nine a.m. to five p.m.. So since it's around three o'clock here I'm not sure what time it is there? You should have a little bit of time to actually make it to that one.
OK.
Yeah I got about two hours.
All right sir.
And this next location. This is a actual drive up ATM so this one's at seventy ninety-eight South Glendale.
OK.
South Glendale?
Yes Sir. That one's within walking distance.
OK.
And
These next two are within driving distance just in case you wanted to head out a little further.
OK.
OK Sir. these two locations are. The first one's ninety-nine Harvey Circle.
OK. Got that.
Yeah that one's like a three quarters of a mile away.
All right.
And the next one is at eighty forty Cherry Hill Court.
All right Cherry Hill Court.
Yes sir.
OK and the the one that's closest to me walking distance is there any fees transaction fees that I have to do?
No sir. That is with our local branch so there's no actual ATM fees with that one. I do see here there is another bank branch that is also close by within walking distance. It looks like it's a little closer than our branch. I can give you that one but there is a fee to use their ATM, sir.
OK.
And that's not you guys branch?
No Sir. There's a fee on here. It could be anywhere from two to five dollars. it actually depends on what they're wanting to charge how much you debit out.
OK. I take that location.
OK sir. That location is at eighty-two forty-two Starlight Street.
Starlight Street?
Yes sir.
All right. OK thank you. Thank you very much. So how's the weather treating you down there where you're at?
Oh it's been pretty clear skies and beautiful days down here sir. How about you?
it's beautiful, just excellent.
Well I hope it's beautiful down there today if you're gonna go walk to one of these ATM.
yes. I'm at the food truck and everything so I'm I'm I'm I'm gonna sit out here and enjoy myself.
All right Sir. That's great. Is there anything else I can help you with Mr. Walker?
Oh no that's about it. I really appreciate your help.
All right thank you so much for your time and patience. Again my name was Lesley. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Yeah thank you Lesley.
All right thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky, how may I help you?
Hi Becky, my name is Raoul. I'm calling because I wanted to move money from my savings to my checking account.
OK, Raoul. I'd be happy to assist you today. Intellibank does offer this service over the phone. Let's go ahead and pull up your account . May I have your full name, address, and phone number please?
Sure. My name is Raoul Castro. My address is two eight five Minnewashta Way, Province Hill, Massachusetts . The ZIP code is one eight. I'm sorry. One two eight five four. And my phone number is seven six three two nine zero zero nine one eight.
OK. And then, Raoul, what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you. And can you verify your credit card number for me?
Sure. just a minute while I go grab my wallet.
No problem, take your time.
OK, Becky. So, I seem to have misplaced my credit card. Can I verify another piece of information for you?
Certainly, sir. Please provide me with your drivers license number.
Dang it. My wallet is in the car. Do you mind if I run out and grab it?
No, I don't mind. I'll wait.
Great. One second.
All right. I've got it.
Go ahead.
The number is X three eight nine zero zero one two five four.
All right, Raoul, we've verified your account. Thank you for that. And you said you'd like to transfer funds funds from your savings into your checking account?
Yes please.
All right. And can you verify these account numbers for me? What is your savings account number?
The savings account number is one one four three seven five two nine eight zero.
And your checking account number?
The checking account number is two three nine six four five three three zero one.
Thank you. Your savings account balance is nine thousand one hundred and thirty dollars and twenty-one cents and your checking account balance is three hundred and twenty-one oh eight . How much will we be transferring today?
I'd like to transfer thirty-five dollars.
OK. one moment while I prepare the transaction.
OK, Raoul. Just to confirm, you authorize Intellibank to perform an internal money transfer in the amount of thirty-five dollars to be withdrawn from your savings account number one one four three seven five two nine eight zero and deposit it into your checking account number two three nine six four five three three oh one. This internal money transfer may take up to ten minutes to complete and you will receive an email confirmation once these funds have been transferred. With your permission, I'll go ahead and submit this internal transfer request.
actually, could we change that transfer amount to one hundred and thirty-five dollars instead?
Sure, let me just make those changes and get your updated authorization prepared. This will just take a moment. All right, I've made the changes. Please confirm you authorize Intellibank to perform an internal money transfer in the amount of one hundred and thirty-five dollars to be withdrawn from your savings account number one one four three seven five two nine eight zero and deposit into your checking account number two three nine six four five three three oh one. This internal money transfer may take up to ten minutes to complete and you will receive an email confirmation once these funds have been transferred. Do I have your permission to submit this internal transfer request?
Yup. Please submit.
OK, Raoul. This'll take a few seconds to complete and when it's finished, I will have a confirmation number for you if you'd like to write it down.
Great. How's your day going, Becky?
Oh, pretty good. How about you?
Yup, same here. I just got a promotion at work, so, things are looking up.
That's great! Congratulations.
Thank you.
OK, Raoul. I have this transaction transaction number for you. Do you have your pen ready?
Yes ma'am, I'm ready.
OK. That number is eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
OK, eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
And your final balances are. Your savings account holds eight thousand nine hundred and ninety-five dollars and twenty-one cents and your checking is now four hundred and fifty-six and eight cents. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah, I was just wondering if this is something I could have done online myself.
Yeah. Actually, with Intellibank's online banking app or at our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com, you can easily set up a secure internal wire transfer. You could set it up as a one time occurrence or to recur as often as you'd like. Do you have an online banking account already set up?
No. I tried to log in once and I couldn't. So, I never thought about it after that.
Oh, I'd be happy to send you an email with further information on how to create that account. The email will include your specific client ID and log in info. Can you simply confirm your email for me?
Sure. It's R Castro at Hotmail dot com.
R C A S T R O at Hotmail dot com?
Yes.
OK, I've sent that information. If you have any questions or concerns while creating that account access, please call us back or you can do an instant chat online too.
All right.
Alrighty, Raoul. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that should do it. Thanks so much for all your help.
My pleasure. Have a great rest of your day.
You too, thanks.
Bye, now.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name's Cecilia. How can I help you?
Yeah, my name's John Ramirez. My date of birth is September eight nineteen eighty-five.
thank you for that information. Let me look up your account. Give me one second.
Sure. Don't worry about my account. I just received some information on a document that needs to be provided. I honestly don't understand what this is for or what it's about.
OK. Yes, sometimes when there is a document missing for the account we mail a letter requesting the document. Can you confirm your account number to verify if this is the case?
Sure. Let me look for it, I don't remember if remember it on the off the top of my head. But let me let me look for the account number. Give me one second.
Yeah, definitely. Take your time.
OK, I found it. my account number is one two three six five four nine eight seven.
OK. Thank you. Let me confirm that number you mentioned is one two three six five four nine eight seven. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. I do show here we're missing a couple of signatures and we we actually do need to meet with you in person.
OK. Where is your Intellicheck bank located?
Oh I'm sorry sir. It's Intellibank. can you confirm your home address and city and state so I can let you know the closest one to you?
Yeah I it's eleven Lobel Lane. Brownsville Texas.
OK. Let me look that up. we have actually have two branc a couple of miles away from your home.
I am not in that city right now. Do you have any location ?
actually we do, let me get those for you. We have three locations that you want to me to give you all three of them?
No any one is fine.
OK. We have one off of Highway twenty-seven next to a convenience store. Would that be OK?
What what convenience store is that at huge big Walmart?
Yes sir. That is correct.
Yeah, that's fine. I I actually know where it is. It should be fine there.
Great. You should be able to search for all our branches online at our website should you need to locate another one in the future.
Now that you said online, how can I set up my account for an online banking?
You actually need to log in and create a password at and it'll link to your account number. That way when you create it you'll have access to view your balance all the information that that you are requesting will be populated on our application, even our branch location and ATMs.
Are there any ways other different ways to view my account balance? Other than on the app or calling your services?
Well yes, actually you can always use the automated system, and when you're prompted for the balance, once you have registered your account and it's been identified you should be able to press number three and a prompt should be able to provide you the information on your balance that is available. But like I said I mentioned previously, if you do sign up with the online account you should be able to verify your account balance, all your transaction history, and should have no problem at all if if you need any help. Like I said right now when you're arriving to our branch, I'm pretty sure any of our customer service representative that's there, our tellers, would be more than happy to guide you through on your cell phone on how to sign up on the application.
Well that actually sounds very interesting. I I might take you up on that offer. I I'm gonna drive and I should be there before closing time. So I sincerely appreciate the time that you took to help me. It's it's it's kind of confusing with all these applications now and all the access that one has. But I sincerely appreciate it.
thank you for being a valued customer and for taking the time to call us. so if that's all then I wanna sincerely wish you a happy Monday and thank you for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ann Marie. How may I help you?
Hi, my name's Hank. I lost my credit card and I need to know where the closest branch location is to me.
Sure, Hank, I'd be happy to help you with both of these issues. Let's just pull up your account. What is your full name and your address, please?
My name's Hank Harlow, and I live at one fifty-two Justice Way.
Thank you. And your phone number?
It's six one two two two nine three nine zero nine.
All right, and your date of birth?
September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine.
Great. Please verify the last four of your Social for me.
It's forty-four eighty-one.
And then, what was the name of your first pet?
Matilda.
Thank you. So, for this credit card issue, do you believe you've misplaced it or that it's actually been stolen?
No, I think I lost it.
All right, and do you know that credit card number?
Yeah, I've got the number right here.
Great. Can I have that number?
Sure. the number is four four one two two two one two three nine eight seven zero one zero four.
Thank you, Hank. One moment while I review the account here.
Sure, take your time.
All right, Hank, can you tell me where and when you lost your card?
It was last night, October twenty-second, in Las Vegas.
Can you confirm the name of the business?
I think it was Bennet Entertainment.
And what was the amount of that charge?
It was about twenty dollars and some change.
All right, lets see. Yep. Yep, I've got that right here. It was twenty dollars and thirty-two cents, last night in Las Vegas, at Bennett Entertainment. So, that was the last charge made and nobody has been using that card since then. So, I'll go ahead and cancel the card and request that you be issued a replacement. That new card will arrive by mail in seven to ten business days. You'll be required to call the number listed on the back of the card to activate it. The process is automated, fairly simple. It'll take you less than sixty seconds. Do you have any questions about that?
yeah, will the envelope say Intellibank on it?
Actually, no, it'll be a plain white security envelope. There'll be no indication a credit card lies within.
OK, good.
And you wanted the nearest branch location info? What is the address of your current location?
I'm at two twenty-one Pinecone Court in Las Vegas, Nevada.
All right, one moment while I retrieve that info for you.
No hurry. So, how's your day going?
pretty good, how about you?
Well, besides losing my credit card, I'm doing all right. I mean, how cliche is it to lose my card in Vegas? My wife's gonna kill me. Have you ever been here?
To Vegas? No, I've been through while traveling to California. Passed through in the night one time. All the beautiful lights, it was cool. But I've never actually gotten out of the car. It looks like a lot of fun. I do hope you're able to enjoy your time there, despite the loss of your credit card.
Thank you. I'm sure I will.
All right, lets see here. OK, I do show two branch locations within one mile of where you're at. There is a branch at one five five six nine Helena Avenue, and then we have another branch at one oh one Highway four nineteen. It says here that it's at the corner of Pioneer Path and Highway one of one.
OK, great. Thank you. I have a question. is there anything else I need to do? Like, what if someone uses my card?
Oh, well, the last charge was last night, as I said, at that Bennett Entertainment. I don't see any other activity and I've canceled the card, so it'll be declined if presented for payment. It's very unlikely additional charges would post after I've canceled the card.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, we. Once we've canceled the card, if if anybody had touched it or used it for payment, presented it for payment last night or today before you called, it should've showed immediately that someone had attempted to use the card . It's very unlikely that. That anything further would be posted on there.
OK, good.
All right, do you have any other questions or concerns?
nope, that'll do it.
All right, Hank, thanks for calling. Have a great day.
You too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kim. How can I help you?
Hey Kim. How you doing? I'm a customer of your bank and I have a well I guess that I have a problem but the bigger problem my wife has and I need to help get her problem situated because she's in a little bit of trouble.
Oh. OK sure. Let's start out with what is your first and last name?
OK. My first name is Mike and last name is Nichols.
OK. Can you spell your last name?
N I C H O L S.
Mhm.
OK. And what is your date of birth?
Oh four oh seven nineteen ninety.
And the last four digits digits I'm sorry excuse me of your social?
Fifty-one ninety-one.
OK. And finally your security question what was the name of your favorite childhood toy?
OK. this is embarrassing.
This I I need to is there a way I can change my answer after I answer the question because I I hate to say this. I I I need to change it to Power Rangers.
Oh no.
But the answer is Barney.
Barney. OK.
My Barney doll.
Yes.
Hey I'm no one to judge.
yeah. I'm not gonna go there.
You're all good. OK so how can I help you?
OK so my wife is travelling for business and somehow some way I guess in the airport whatever she landed and she realized when she went to go run her card she lost her wallet so she has her cards are missing she she needs to like get money. The the company you know we have to pay for the expenses up front and then they reimburse her. So she's kind of like in a really like tough spot and a bunch of trouble right now because she has nothing.
OK.
And I need to get money to her. can I I and I I don't because she don't have her cards she can't access her accounts and I can't. It doesn't doesn't matter if I transfer money to her account or you know accessing our account. She she don't have her cards.
OK.
Mhm. Mhm.
OK.
So I don't know how to get her money.
OK. Can I make a suggestion? Can you do a wire transfer? Is there an account that she can you can deposit and do a wire transfer to her?
I mean I I guess. is would that be the easiest smartest and quickest way for her to get money?
Yes. If you do the wire transfer absolutely she could do that.
OK.
I would just need the the account number.
So she'd be able I I I would imagine right at the airport be able to get the money somewhere?
If
You have the deposit number if you can get that from her or if you have a deposit number we just need to have your account number with your funds and then the amount and then the account number that you are gonna deposit the funds into. And we can do a wire transfer which would save everything because she doesn't have.
OK.
Anything.
Right.
Right.
So.
Do you have an account number where we can do a wire transfer for her?
Yes.
OK perfect. So first of all let's get your let's get the account number that you want to take the funds from. Do you have that number?
OK.
I do I do.
OK.
So when you're ready just give me that.
OK. It's oh one two.
Mhm.
OK.
Six nine.
Uh-huh.
Two five.
Uh-huh.
Eight six.
Uh-huh.
One one nine.
OK. OK. So in that account may I tell you the balance in that account?
OK. Please.
OK. So you have seven thousand dollars in that account. So what did you want to transfer for your wife?
All right. She she's gonna be there four days and I'm thinking I I I would imagine three thousand should be enough to cover it.
OK. OK. So you wanna take three thousand from that account. what is the account number that you want to deposit the wire transfer to?
OK. Are you ready?
Yes. Whenever you're ready I'm here.
OK. It's zero three.
Uh-huh.
Six six.
Uh-huh.
One seven five one nine.
Mhm.
OK. OK. So it doesn't seem like there's gonna be any problem to deposit into that account. So you wanna do the three thousand?
Please please please.
OK.
So I'm gonna do the three thousand from your account. Just give me a moment. Hang on.
OK. So OK. So now that that's our our transfer is automatic. So right now you have four thousand dollars in your account and she has three thousand in hers as of now.
OK. So.
Uh-huh.
Just by chance you know cuz she has to. Like like I said like we have to pay for all these expenses up front and her company will reimburse her. Say if by time the end of her stay she's like running out of money. Can I set up instead of doing another transfer like what's it called? Like a a travel card or something?
Mhm.
Oh yes. OK. So that's our traveler's card.
OK.
we can go ahead and put in the application for that. But she's already traveling. Am I correct? Like she's already. OK. So this is something that absolutely will help you in the future. Our traveler's card is an amazing amazing asset for our customers to have when they're travelling but first you have to fill out well we can I can go ahead and fill out all the information for you and then you'll have the traveler's card sent to your home and then there'll be a number on there where you can call and like the prompts will take you through to set that up. So right now that won't help you. The wire transfer is your best bet. But once your wife comes home you should totally take advantage of our traveler's card. And I recommend it for you as well. There's so many benefits to it. right now I can send you the link to sign up for that. Actually do you know what I'll do? I can bypass that. I can go ahead and sign you up for that and have that mailed to you if that's OK. Do I have you authorization on that?
Yes. Yeah. She's alre~.
OK.
Please.
Please please.
OK. So I'm gonna put that in right now I'll have that mailed to your home. So then by the time your wife gets home you guys can look at it sign up for it and then the next time she travels or you travel you both got you both can have the traveler's card.
I I'm just gonna say this like real real quick this is why I love the pandemic cuz we didn't have to travel and have all these problems. We worked from home and it was a lot simpler.
Oh.
Well OK. is there. So is there anything else I can help you with today though?
No tha~
That's everything.
OK. thank you so much for calling. I have the card I have all the information for the card and everything that you need on the way. and I will have that out to you right now.
Great. Thank you so much.
OK.
Have a great night.
You too.
Thank you.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Shannon and how may I assist you today?
Hey, Shannon. How are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well ma'am. Thank you for asking and how about yourself?
Well I'm doing pretty good. I'm tired, we just got done moving. It's been like a week long process but as of last night, we finally have everything unpacked And I do start a new job in a few days so between you and me I'm hoping my husband will leave me alone so I can get a little bit of rest. But keep your fingers crossed for me.
Oh, well that's that's I understand that completely, actually. My husband and I we moved ourselves about a year back and I hope that's something we never have to do again and what can I assist you with today?
Well, I was actually calling to go ahead update my information. If I could?
Well yes ma'am absolutely. I'll be more than happy to assist you with that I do need get a little bit of information from you, so I can pull up your account. If that's all right?
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, may I have your first and last name as well as your birth date please?
Yeah, sure. it's Betty Graham. G R A H A M and my birth date is September, the twelfth nineteen seventy-seven.
All right, Ms. Graham. I have your last name spelled as G R A H A M and birth date September, the twelfth nineteen seventy-seven.
Yep, that's correct.
Thank you, so much and may I also have your driver's license number please?
Yeah, absolutely. It's Q like queen, one two nine, nine seven one three. Eight five two eight.
All right, so I have Q one two nine, nine seven one three eight five two eight.
Yes ma'am, that's correct.
Thank you, Ms. Graham and I also do have a security question on file for you. May I have the name of the high school you attended?
Yep that was Concord High.
All right, thank you Ms. Graham. Now I do need your account number as well.
OK it is. It is. It is in the other room. I'm so sorry. Would you mind hanging on for just a second while I run and grab that?
Not a problem Excuse me. I got a frog in my throat. that is no problem. Just let me know when you're back Ms. Graham.
OK great. Thank you, Im sorry.
OK, I'm back.
All right ma'am, did yo~. Do you have that account number?
Yep, I sure do. It is seven one three four nine five zero eight two.
All right, I have seven one three four nine five zero eight two.
Yep, that's correct.
Thank you, Ms. Graham. Just one moment. Let me get your personal information pulled up and you did say that's just the address you needed to update, correct?
Yes ma'am thankfully my phone number is still the same that's probably the thing I love the most about cellphones, is being able to keep the same number.
Yes ma'am. I am the same exact way. I'm horrible at remembering phone numbers. I am ready for that new street address.
OK, we are now at two eighty May. Like the month May M A Y street in Somerset Kentucky and it's S O M E R S E T.
Thank you, Ms. Graham. So I now have you at two eight zero May M A Y street in Somerset S O M E R S E T Kentucky.
Yes ma'am. That is correct and my new statement it will be mailed to this address correct?
Why, yes ma'am. We don't actually mail those out until the first of the month, so you got this updated in plenty of time.
OK great thank you so much. Now could since I have you on the phone could I go ahead and check the the balance of my oh not my savings account, the other one my my debit card account? I'm sorry it's been such a long week.
Oh that is not a problem ma'am. Did you mean your checking account?
Yeah, that's it. Again I'm so sorry.
That is not a problem. May I have that checking account number please?
sure it's the same one I just gave you. The seven one three four nine five zero eight two.
All right so that was checking account number seven one three four nine five zero eight two.
Yes ma'am.
Thank you Ms. Graham just one moment while I pull up your balance.
OK great, thank you.
All right Ms. Graham I am showing you have balance of five hundred fifty-eight dollars and twenty-three cents.
All right five fifty-eight twenty-three.
Yes ma'am.
OK great, thank you so much.
Not a problem, Ms. Graham. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope that'll do it. Thank you so much for your help.
Yes ma'am and thank you so much for calling Intellibank and you have a wonderful day.
Good afternoon, it's a great day at Intellibank. This is Cindy. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Yes, hi Cindy. My name is Robert Meadows and I have a couple of accounts in the bank and I've I've can't find my credit card. I want to make a wire transfer
OK.
A lot going on.
All right, let's get you sorted out here. So you said that you've lost your credit card?
Yeah, I can't find it. So I what I'd like to do is to cancel that card you know, get a new one. I I don't know I I'm assuming I lost it or left it somewhere. I don't know.
OK, give me one moment. Let's get into your account. I'm going to ask you some security questions. Can you spell your last name, please?
Yes, it's John Meadows M E A D O W S. My email is J D Meadows at G mail dot com. My phone number is six oh two six eight four three one nine two.
Thank you so much, Mr. Meadows. What's your date of birth?
My birthday is one fifteen nineteen sixty-five.
OK, and what is the last four of your social?
Is six three five five.
OK, and can you answer a security question, please? What's. What's your mother's last name?
Yes.
My mother's last name is Duffy D U F F Y.
OK, hold on one moment. Let me get into your account. OK, do you happen to have the credit card number that you think you've lost?
Yes it's five one nine three two six nine eight two oh five two one five seven one excuse me. One five seven zero.
OK, let me repeat that. That was five one nine three two six nine eight two zero five two one five seven zero.
That's correct.
OK, great and when do you think you lost it?
I probably used it a week ago for some food.
And where might be the last place you used it?
the Tattoo Tiki Bar.
Oh let's see here. Tattoo Tiki Bar OK, yes, I do see it. So it doesn't look as though your card is being misused.
No, I just can't find it.
OK, we are going to go ahead and cancel that right now and we will issue you a new one. Hold on one moment, please.
OK.
OK, that card has been canceled. Where would you like us to send the new card.
to my address to my current address.
OK, can you please tell me what that is?
Yes, seven five three Dogwood Road. Phoenix here in Phoenix eight five oh oh three.
OK let's see here. All right, great. So that card is actually already on it's way to you. You should have it within five business days and when you get it there will be a an eight hundred number on the cover of the card that you'll just call to activate.
The I'd also since I've got you on the phone here, I'd like to do a wire transfer to my son.
Certainly. before we get started on the wire transfer let me ask you a couple of questions. Do you know the routing number and the bank account number of the account you would like to mail it to?
Yes, I have that.
OK, hold on. Let me get that that field up.
OK, now let's start with your account. Which bank account number would you like to withdraw from?
let me give you my checking account number.
OK.
Is three seven two eight two nine.
OK, would you like the balance in that account before we get started?
yes, please. That's a good idea.
OK let's see. It looks like the balance in your checking account is seven thousand five hundred twenty dollars and twenty-five cents.
Perfect.
And how much would you like to wire?
I'd like to wire my son a thousand dollars.
OK, is this a domestic or a international wire?
That's domestic. It's Wells Fargo here in Phoenix.
OK, one moment please. OK, do you happen to have the nine digit routing number?
Yes.
Go ahead.
Seven five seven two two nine eight nine three.
there's something wrong with that. Can you please repeat it?
Seven five seven two two five eight nine. You were right. Eight nine two.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK, great. It looks like that's Wells Fargo.
Yup.
And what's the banking account number there?
his account and his name is David Meadows is five three one two three nine
OK.
All right, great. It looks like I have everything I need. So just to let you know, there is a twenty-five dollar fee for the wire transfer.
OK, so you've got my so this money. that sounds great. So that so the thousand dollars plus the twenty-five dollars will be deducted from my checking account?
Yes, immediately and the wire will go out right now and it should be in David Meadow's account within the hour.
Good.
That sounds great and so so my credit you got a new credit card on its way? You've transferred the money to my son?
Yes.
OK, let me just finish this transaction and I can confirm the wire for you. OK, there we go. The money is on it's way so I can confirm the wire transfer and you should also be receiving an email confirmation on the wire.
That sounds terrific. you've done a very good job.
Is there anything else I could help you with today, Mr. Meadows?
Nope, I appreciate it, Cindy.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
All right.
Have a great day. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good afternoon thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose how can I help you today?
Hi Rose my name is Kim how are you today?
I'm doing pretty good thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
I'm doing pretty well. Happy to be enjoying this nice weather and all these fall leaves and all the beauty around me.
Oh my! I would trade places with you in a heartbeat. It's so hot where I am! And there are no changing of the leaves.
Oh no.
Oh no!
Yeah I live in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and this has been a record heat this year. I mean just unfathomable. And then we had fall for like two minutes and now we're back to the crazy heat. I don't know what's going on!
Oh wow! I didn't know it would be so hot down there still. I mean I've been there before but only in the summer I didn't realize it would still be so hot!
Yeah.
It generally starts to cool down a little bit before it's like the hurricane you know season.
which is generally you know in September. So I don't really know what's going on. I mean we're heading towards the middle of October and I can still swim.
yeah well, that part is pretty cool!
Yeah that part's awesome. You know going to the beach and it being beautiful. And honestly when you're down there you know the weather is it's different cuz you're getting that ocean breeze. So it can be hot everywhere but once you get down to the ocean it's drastically different. It just feels wonderful. I'm just ready for you know sweatpants and and leggings you know just to wear around the house and stuff but it's still far too hot for that.
Oh yeah.
Yeah absolutely.
And where are you?
I'm up in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. So I'm definitely enjoying the fall weather and having my hoodie on and and sitting outside enjoying the the smell of the burning leaves and such.
Oh that's so nice!
Yeah!
I would definitely maybe I need to come up there and have a little little fall vacay since we're not gonna have fall this year here.
Yes I'm telling you it's beautiful this time of the year up there.
Oh my God. I can imagine. I've heard how pretty it is up there. Wow that's awesome.
Well I'm calling today because I'm trying to transfer money from my account to my mom's account and I was wondering if you could help me with that please.
Oh sure I can definitely help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions so we can get the transfer initiated. I know you said your name was Kim, what's your last name hun?
It's Johns that's J O H N S.
Thank you so much and your date of birth.
Is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
all right thank you so much. And I have to ask you you security question what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Murphy .
OK and also what type of account are you making the transfer from?
I'm making it from my checking account.
OK awesome and can you please provide me with your address?
sure! I think you all should have my updated address. but let me just give you that and my old address just to see which one you have.
Sure!
my updated address or excuse me my new address is forty-nine Holland Drive and that's Philadelphia Pennsylvania one nine one zero one. my previous address is seventeen oh one Loganville Drive. And that was apartment number three zero zero still in Philadelphia PA but the ZIP was one nine one two seven.
It looks like we have the second one.
Oh OK if we can update that please to my new address
Sure!
That yeah. Thank you so much that way I get you know any mailings from you all. all my statements and everything at my new address.
Of course no worries at all. Let me update that for you right now.
Thank you so much. I mean I do have a forwarding of address at the other one. but you know that only I think that only lasts for like sixty days or something like that.
You're welcome.
Yeah it's no worries I can certainly take care of that do that for you right now.
OK thank you.
You're welcome. All right Ms. Johns what is the account number that we are are going to be making this transfer from?
the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
Thank you so much. And the dollar amount that you are transferring?
it's five hundred dollars even.
OK. And the account number that you are transferring to.
that is my mom's account her name is Nancy Johns. And her account number is seven zero eight five six four six seven four four.
OK thank you so much and we are transferring five hundred dollars even into her account.
Yes please.
OK now that will leave your account balance at three thousand eleven dollars and twenty-two cents .
Oh OK thank you.
You're very welcome. Bear with me one second while I complete this transfer.
Sure absolutely. and I do wanna ask you for for help doing one more thing once that's once you're done with that.
Certainly! And would you like any further information about setting up online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
no not right now but I would like some help opening up a a savings account please.
Certainly I can definitely help you with that. we do have a free savings account. we have a special going on this month where we can offer that. Would you like to take advantage of that one?
Yes please that sounds great!
All right let's see here. Bear with me just a moment. Too doo doo OK I know that I've already asked you all these questions before but I have to ask them again OK? All right I've already got your first and last name and your date of birth. I just need your social security number?
Sure.
my social security number is one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
All right and what security question would you like to have? Mother's maiden name? The name of your frist pet? Or what street you grew up on?
I'll do the street that I grew up on and the name of that street is Broadway.
All right thank you Kim. And let's see. I think I have all the information I need You will incur. you will earn two percent interest on this account again this is a completely free account so there will be no fees incurred. And do you need help with setting this up online or would you like me to send that to your email as well?
no you can send that to my email. my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK I'm sending that to you right now.
OK great thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
You're very welcome. All right Ms. Johns was there anything else that I can help you with today?
no that's everything. Thanks again I appreciate all your help.
Oh you're so welcome Kim! I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day and thank you again for being a part of the Intellibank family.
Thanks again bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes Jerry, I lost the keys to my lock box. But I I'll come in another day to take care of that. I'm really calling because I lost my card.
OK, and if I can, just so that I know who I'm speaking with, if I may ask, what is your name?
Yes, my name is Evelyn Richards.
OK, Ms. Richards, thanks for giving us a call, and you said you lost the keys to your lock box.
I did, but I'll come by the bank and take care of that issue another day. I really need to just call because I lost my card.
OK. Understood. We look forward to having you stop by the branch whenever you can your time allows, but you said that you lost your card. Is that correct, Ms. Richards?
Correct.
OK, Ms. Richards if I could, so sorry to hear that. Of course glad to assist you with this issue. And see if we can get this taken care of for you. If I could just ask some information to verify, what is your your date of birth and your address?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
Yes. And my address is three six eight eight.
Three six eight eight.
Yes, Layman Court.
Layman Court.
Yes. Smyrna, Georgia.
Smyrna, Georgia.
Three zero zero eight zero.
Three zero zero eight zero.
Yes.
OK. Terrific. I think I have this information, and I just need to ask Ms. Richards that what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight four six five nine.
OK, and what is your card number?
And my card number is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
Thank you for that Ms. Richards, and I have your account pulled up here if you would could you let me know do you have an idea of when you lost the card?
Yes, I lost the card on September sixteenth.
OK. So that was September sixteenth.
Yes.
Alright, and do you know where you last used the card?
Yes, it was last used at Target.
OK. Target. And do you recall what the amount was for the transaction?
Yes it was for twenty-five dollars.
OK. That was twenty-five dollars at Target.
Yes.
Alright, and thank you for that information. I was able to confirm and verify your account. And I will move forward with your request here Ms. Richards of I have let me just pull something up here briefly Ms. Richards, how's your day going?
Mhm.
Oh, my day's going great. I'm glad that I was able to call to get this taken care of so I feel better.
We of course love taking care of our customers, and I see you've been a customer with us for the since two thousand and sixteen.
It's been that long?
We've really truly appreciate your business it's time flies.
It does. It does.
And Ms. Richards, I've gone ahead and processed your request. I have gone ahead and canceled that particular card.
OK.
And you will soon receive your card in the mail at the address you gave me earlier. within seven to ten business days.
OK, that's good. That is good. Now what is the online process? Could you explain it?
Certainly! Glad to do that for you. So what you can do Ms. Richards is simply go to our website and when you go on our website you can enter in your account number and set up a password to access your account online.
OK.
And once you access that account online, it's very simple. Our website is very user friendly for customers, and there you'll be able to see what your account balance is.
I like that.
You'll also be able to make transfers online look at your bank statements and do a variety of other of of of account maintenance issues with your online access.
OK, that is great. That's great. Well, would would you mind telling me what my savings account balance is?
Certainly! and let me just see. Ooh, do you know that account number is for your savings account?
Yes, it's nine eight four six five nine.
Nine eight four six five nine.
Yes.
OK, yes. I have that pulled up. Your account balance here appears to be two hundred and six dollars and fifty-three cents.
OK. Two hundred six dollars and fifty-three cents. OK. Thank you for that and up would also like to make a wire transfer if I could.
Happy to do that Ms. Richards. You want to make a wire transfer?
Yes.
OK, and Ms. Richards do you know what the account number is for your account that you wish to do the refunding of your wire transfer?
Yes, I do. It is the nine eight four six fix eight.
OK, your checking account.
Yes.
OK, and Ms. Richards, do you know the amount that you wish to transfer?
Yes, I'm gonna transfer a thousand dollars.
OK. we will get I see you want to do a thousand dollar wire transfer from your checking account?
Yes.
Terrific, and what is the account number for the routing number of the of the bank that you wish to.
Yes, I would like to send it to this account. The routing number is three two eight one seven four and the account number is six one zero four nine one.
OK. And Ms. Richards, that is a is that a international or domestic account?
It's an international account.
OK, so we'll be doing an international wire transfer.
Yes.
And we're going to be transferring funds of a thousand dollars to account routing number three two eight one seven four?
Yes.
And the account number is six one zero four nine one?
Yes, it is.
OK. I have gone ahead and processed that for you and just so that you know, as you may be aware for international transfers there's an additional zero point five percent of weight on international wire transfers.
Thank you for letting me know that, because I was going to ask was there extra fees or for that.
Yes, ma'am. thankfully, it's only a point two five percent higher rate because we do try to keep costs down for our loyal and valuable customers.
Well, thank you. I appreciate it.
And it appears that the transfer has gone through, and your confirmation number, do you want that or or or not, Ms. Richards?
No, that's OK. Thank you.
OK.
OK, Ms. Richards. Well, is there anything else I can help you with?
No.
Well thank you again Ms. Richards for giving Intellibank a call. We really do value and appreciate your business.
You're welcome.
You have a great day.
You too.
Hello and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sarah. How may I help you?
Hello. Is this Intel Bank?
this is Intellibank.
What can I do for you?
OK. I need to complete a wire transfer to send money to my son.
I have two sons and one of them is getting married so I will try to send the one is getting married two thousand dollars so that he can pay for the vow.
They have a very nice building that looks over the ocean. I'm so excited about the wedding but I need to send them the money.
Oh OK. That sounds lovely.
Can I have your first and last name and your date of birth, please?
OK. My name is Sam Dean and my birthday is February the third nineteen eighty-four.
OK. Thank you and your account number, please.
Three eight five six nine two four two.
OK. Thank you.
And for your security question. What is the name of the street you grew up on?
Third Avenue.
OK. Perfect.
So for the bill payment, we can do an internal transfer.
There is a fee of five hundred or five dollars, I'm sorry. There's a five dollar fee for the transfer and it will allow you to transfer from your account from one account to another.
Would you like to do this?
Yes, please. Also, can you tell me my last transaction?
Oh, yes. One second. Let's wrap up the transfer first and then we can discuss the last transaction. Is that OK?
Yes, thank you.
OK. So what is the account number you would like to withdraw from?
Three eight five six nine two four two.
OK. Thank you. And the account you would like to pay for including the routing number.
OK. The routing number is nine four six four three nine four five six. Account number eight six four three eight six five.
OK. Thank you and is this a domestic or an internal transfer?
Domestic.
Domestic.
OK and can I have the recipient's first and last name?
Leonard Lane.
OK and the amount of the transfer.
Twenty-five hundred dollars. I guess he can buy himself something nice.
OK. How nice.
All right. Plus that five dollar transfer fee that I mentioned, your total is gonna be two thousand five hundred and five dollars.
OK.
All right. So your transfer is complete.
You have an account balance of five thousand dollars.
Is there an another way to complete an internal transaction other than calling in?
I'm sorry. An internal?
Transfer.
Oh, an internal transfer.
Yes. You can do a wire transfer or an internal transfer online with our online banking.
would you like for me to help you with that?
Yes.
OK. No problem. So once you go on on our website, Intellibank dot com you will look for the online banking link. do you have your login and your password information?
Yes. I do.
OK. So you just type in your login information.
and on the online banking tool, once you login, it will have different services from you to choose from.
you will be able to choose wire transfers but you can also you can also switch from your savings account to your checking account. It transfers that way. You can send money and pay bills as well.
OK.
I have once question about that. Like will I be able to link my online banking up to like a Cash App card, of anything of that nature?
yes. There is an option to link your account to your Cash App card. You will just need your your routing number and your account number for the account.
Yes but will there be any fees of transactions when I do anything like that?
Oh you mean like if you transfer let say from your Cash App card to your bank account or vice-versa, would there be any fees? there is no fees associated with that. No, sir.
Oh. Thank you.
OK. Was there any. So I did get transfer complete. we checked your account. Was there anything else that I can do for you?
No, ma'am. Thank you. That will be it for today.
All right. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sarah. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. Monica Stevens.
OK Miss. Stevens Can I get your date of birth?
Yes one one nineteen sixty.
OK New Year baby.
Yes.
OK any plans for this New Year?
absolutely not.
Yeah I mean COVID is still out there so I don't. Yeah I don't blame you. All right Ms. Stevens for security purpose can I get your Driver's License or State ID?
Yeah.
Yes. P G one three three seven four eight.
OK. and also for security purpose can I get the email that we have on file.
Yes. Organic peach at Gmail dot com.
OK and what can I do for you today?
Yes I want to open up a a a new account.
A savings account.
OK a savings account?
Yes I'm trying to get a jump start for the next year.
Hey New Year baby, New Year New Year resolutions. I'm I'm I don't blame you. OK. But we can do that for you. OK.
Yeah.
And are we pulling or putting any money from your checkings account into your savings account?
yes. I'm gonna get three thousand out of my checking.
OK.
OK there's a and for the confirmation can I get your checkings account number?
Yes one one two four five five six zero zero nine nine.
OK.
All right and what you said three thousand?
Yes.
OK.
All right let's set up a savings account.
OK.
All right and how are you doing today?
I'm doing great. How about yourself?
not too bad not too bad. Just.
Good.
Just waiting for the the the hours to count down.
Oh yeah.
All right All right Miss Stevens you should be getting a email confirmation about this and it should have your account number in there. when you get this email can you read me the last four digits of the account number of your new savings account number to confirm?
Yeah the last four?
Yes.
Let me Is five two zero zero.
That is about. That's correct OK. And right now you have a savings account.
Oh OK.
We're gonna get that three thousand in there as well.
All righty.
OK.
Now give it a about a hour or two. for it to show up. Do. You do have like the app the Intellibank app?
Yes.
OK. once you sign in your savings account should show up and you can also do transfers within within the app with. For your for your accounts but yeah the this this should fairly be in your account fairly soon.
Mkay.
OK.
right now in your checkings account you have five thousand six hundred eighty-seven dollars and eighty-two cents.
OK.
OK and again you you get the email. There's gonna be another email to confirm that you confirm the account that you sent.
OK.
OK.
And again if you have any questions of anything don't hesitate to call or go to the app and go to our help help center it it gives you pretty much bullet point step by step of what you need to do for anything on there, whether it's transfer or wire transfer if you need to set your checks that you're getting from work to go to a certain account you can do it on there as well. but yeah that you seem to be pretty good right now.
Oh OK and how soon can I if I wanted to take money out how soon could I do that?
within the next twenty-four hours.
Oh OK. OK.
Mm.
I always tell people advise people to make sure that the system stays current. Wait twenty-four hours. That way you can do whatever you want with your account.
Oh OK. all righty.
All right?
OK.
Is that about it?
Yes.
Oh all right. Thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a good day.
You too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank, you've reached Jason. How may I help you today?
Hey, I just got my credit card stolen, so I need some help right now.
OK, I'm so sorry to hear about that. I can help you with that. Let me just go ahead and get your first and last name, please.
Yeah, it's Samantha Williams.
OK, Samantha and your date of birth, please?
Do we really have to do all of this? I'm I'm in a hurry right now.
I apologize for the inconvenience, Mrs. Williams. But this is some necessary information in order to pull up your account.
OK is August fifteen nineteen ninety-nine.
OK, perfect. Thank you, Mrs. Williams. Now, could you go ahead and give me a credit card number that you have on you?
Yeah, I can give you this one.
It's four two one five one two five two six four eight one five three two one.
OK, perfect. Let me go ahead and read that back to you. four two one five one two five two six four eight one five three two one. Is that correct?
Yeah, yeah, that's correct.
All right. And now, I'm gonna have to ask you, what is the street you grew up on?
Are we really doing this right now?
I apologize for that. This is just a security question in order to make sure that you put the right thing on your account.
OK, it's Main Street.
Let me go ahead and check that. OK, that seems to check out now what is the credit card number of the credit card that got stolen?
I don't have that with me because it got stolen.
All right, do you have any sort of information which could identify the do you have the account number for which the credit card was to?
Yeah, I do. I have it with me now.
And I cite it to you?
Yes, please.
OK, it's six four eight one five three two one.
OK, perfect. And what was the day in which you lost your credit card?
It was today, a while ago. Is August fifteen.
Perfect, now could you go ahead and give me one of the most recent transactions of the card? the name of the business in which you last used your card.
Yeah, I was buying some shoes at the Walmart, and then when I go out someone just grabbed my purse.
OK, perfect. I can help you with this.
I'm gonna go ahead and cancel your card and I will send you a new card. How does that sound to you, Mrs. Williams?
Yeah, that sounds good. Thank you.
All right, and go ahead and give me an address in which I can send the new card to you.
Yeah, it's Mapleton Drive, Lake Nun, Florida. Five four three four five.
OK, perfect and could you go ahead and give me a street number for Mapleton Drive?
Yah, six five six five.
Perfect. thank you, Mrs. Williams. I appreciate your patience as I go ahead and cancel your card and I'll send you a new one.
OK, great. Thank you.
I'm really just so angry right now. And how long will it take until you send me the new card? Because I really need it with me.
It could take up to two weeks to receive your card in the mail.
Are you serious right now?
Can I have it like today or tomorrow?
I apologize, Mrs. Williams. But that's the amount of time it takes for us to re-issue a new card and for you to receive it in the mail.
In many cases, it could arrive sooner, but I can't guarantee anything.
I can't believe you right now but OK. Well, just send it as soon as possible.
All right, it looks like I'm it was successful in canceling your card and you will receive a new one mail to that specified address.
Once you receive the card in the mail, you will receive a pin and also a number to call in order to activate the card.
If you go ahead and call that number, you can type in that pin and you should be able to start using your card again in the meantime, don't worry, no one will be able to use your card. We've already halted any purchases on it and and so there will be no more fraudulent activity for there is there anything else that I can help you with, Mrs. Williams, while you are on the phone?
No, I think that's everything. I just wished that you were faster.
OK, well I apologize to all of the inconvenience and and it's been a pleasure to help you.
I hope you have a great day.
Thanks. Bye.
Goodbye.
Thank call you for calling Intellibank, this is Alexis speaking, how may I help you?
How Alexis I need help today.
what may I help you with today ma'am?
I'm having trouble with changing my address. Could you help me?
sure! before we move on to the next step, can I ask for some questions?
Sure.
may I ask for your full name?
Samantha Montez.
May I ask for your account number?
It's one four four four five six two one eight eight three nine one zero one two one six.
I say your account number is one four four four five six two one eight eight three nine one zero one two one six?
Yes, that is correct.
May I have your date or birth please?
sure. It is two four eighty-one.
OK. May I also have your security question answer?
Sure. It's James.
All right.
Thank you for verifying your information. so we're here to change your address?
Yes.
May I ask what the new address is that you want to replace with?
It's eleven thirteen Elm Street, Cincinnati Ohio, four eight four six two.
So the address is one one one three Elm Street, Cincinnati Ohio four eight four six two?
Yes that is correct.
Well how are you doing today ma'am?
I'm doing fine. How about you?
I'm doing well. Are you enjoying your day thus far?
Sure I just couldn't change my address. Things were going wrong on the app.
Oh well a better way to have this is to go to the bank web site which is WWW Intellibank dot com and clicking on the right side on making a new account.
Once you click on that you go in there to fill your information. You can also make an account by downloading the app from Google or from Apple.
Alright, well next time, I'll try on the website. I didn't think about that.
Thanks for helping.
Anytime.
So how's the weather going?
The weather is very fine, is really sunny.
That's great.
Alright I made some changes to your account by changing in your address. Is there anything that you need me to help you with today?
No, that is it.
Any questions that you may have?
Doing this won't affect my account, will it?
No, this will not affect your account.
Thank you so much Alexis.
Well I am happy that I helped you today. Ma'am if you have any more questions or any more issues, please do not hesitate to contact us at anytime.
Alright.
Thank you so much.
You have a wonderful day ma'am.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
Hi. This is Christine. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Hey Christine, how you doing? I have a problem. It's actually like an ongoing problem. I thought I had it situated last week but it seems it's not solved yet. I'm hoping you can help me get this figured out?
Oh sure. Absolutely. What is your first and last name?
First name is Steve and my last name's McKenna.
Mhm.
Can you spell your last name for me?
M C K E N N A.
Mhm
OK. And what is your date of birth Mr. McKenna?
Oh seven oh seven seven zero.
OK. And your social?
It is one seven nine two two three zero seven six.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mm K. Great. So how can I help you?
All right. So every every month I do the same routine and I call you guys up on on customer service line and I do a transfer from my savings account to my checking account so I can pay my bills for the month. I just pay them off you know at one shot and I'm over and done with it and I called last week towards the end of the week. I dunno if it was the weekend or whatever it was. But I called right before the weekend and I went to put my transfer in and it usually takes twenty-four forty-eight hours with the weekend tops. And it's now going on like four days. And my transfer has yet to go through. And I'm getting nervous because you know I'm wondering where that money is and I need to pay my bills.
Right. I understand. I'm seeing there are some notes on your account from the previous agent that did speak to you a few days ago and honestly I apologize. It's totally on our fault. Because we had a glitch in the system over that weekend. And our server was down. So what happened was the transfer that you asked for never went through. And that's on our part. And I apologize. I am so very sorry and if gonna look through this and if you have any kinda like over draft fees or anything like that we'll totally take care of it. Let me just hang on one second I'm just gonna look and see what exactly went down.
Mm K.
OK. Yeah. So I see. Yes. Our system was down. And the transfer that the agent put in to happen from your savings to your checking never went through. So I apologize. I am so sorry.
Well the the main question I have to ask is my money still there? Like where's my money?
Mhm.
Right.
Right OK. So what so you wanna you wanted to originally transfer from savings to the checking so what is your savings account number?
Correct.
OK. The savings in a account number is zero eight eight six three one seven two nine.
Uh-huh.
OK. Perfect. So you have seventeen thousand dollars in your savings.
Correct. OK.
OK. So what do you want to transfer to your checking and before that so what is the checking account number?
All right. The checking account number is oh nine one five three six six one seven.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. OK. Perfect. OK. Right now you don't you have a zero balance in your checking but it's not a negative balance so don't worry about that. So how much do you want to transfer in to your checking?
Oh.
OK.
four thousand dollars.
OK. I'm gonna do that for you right now. Hang on let me do this. OK. So OK so right now you have thirteen thousand dollars in your savings four thousand in your checking. Now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna refresh my feed and make sure that that all went through OK. All right. So everything went through on my end like usually it would be an automatic transfer when you ask for this so According to my computer right now and I I know that we're not having any servers down so right now like I said your checking has four thousand in it and your savings has have thirteen thousand. Now just to let you know you can totally do online banking which you won't even have to call us you can do everything yourself twenty-four hours a day would you be interested in me setting you up with that?
Mhm.
I mean is it easy? Because I'm not very computer literate.
It is really easy. So what I would do is I would email you a link. And the link would take you through step by step. It is really easy. But if you'd did have problems you can call us back and we can walk you through it but I have confidence in you. I think that you could do it. So just what is your email that I can send this a link to for you?
OK.
OK.
All right it's Steve McKenna seventy at Gmail dot com.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. OK. And. All right. So just sent that. OK. I sent you the link over. Is it possible for you to check your email real quick?
Yes. Yeah yeah yeah.
Are you in? OK.
Let me know while we're on the line this way I know that you got the link.
OK. It just came through.
OK. Perfect. So you just follow the link and all the prompts and if you have problems which I don't think you will. Just give us a call back. But this will help you tremendously you can do it anytime that you want to. And it makes life way easier for you trust me.
Now will I also be able to say transfer not only from my accounts my my you know my checking and savings accounts but can I transfer from my accounts to my children's accounts, say?
Mhm.
Mhm.
Absolutely. Yes you can do that. it's a really convenient easy way to bank so yeah. Like I said follow that link, follow the prompts. Call us back if you have any questions. And is there anything else I can help you with today?
OK. OK.
No. that seems to be it. Like like like you said if I have problems with this getting this online banking thing situated I'll call youse right back.
OK.
Mhm.
OK. Well thank you so much Mr. McKenna for your patience and I hope you have a great night.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Lesley, how can I help you today.
yes, I want to close my account and transfer the remaining bonds to a different account please.
I also need to make a wire transfer.
Alright Sir, I can certainly help you with both of those situations. But before I can complete your request, I need to ask you a few questions so that I can verify your account information.
OK.
OK Sir, can I have your first and last name please?
yes, my name is Dale Walker.
OK, that's Dale, D A L E Walker, is that correct?
Yes.
Alright Sir, can I have your date of birth?
Yes, ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
Alright Sir, you said that ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four.
Yes.
Alright and for authentication purposes can I get your driver's licence number please?
Yes. My driving licence number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Alright, that number was six one nine five two four nine six nine.
Correct.
Alright Sir and for security purposes could I get your childhood street address please.
yes. My childhood street address is I have two on file so I just tell you both of them.
Alright Sir.
one is seven three three three West Spoon Drive and I also lived at thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane.
Alright Sir, the thirty-nine seventy-four Rosewood Lane is the address we have on file here so we can just make a note of that.
OK.
All right, sir. So you wanted to close out your account?
All right.
yes.
All right sir is that checking or savings account you're wanting to close today?
Checking.
Alright Sir, could you give me that account number please.
yes five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Alright Sir, you're wanting to close out five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
Yes.
And could you give me the reason for your closure?
I just don't need the second account anymore.
OK Sir, give me just one moment while I look up that account information.
Alright Alright.
well, so how your how your weekend been so far?
Oh it's been pretty good Sir.
You got any plans going on?
no plans just to rest and relax until the business day.
Right well that sounds like a good plan right there.
That's all you can do sometimes.
yes yes.
And I hope your having a good day Sir?
yes, so far so good.
Alright Sir, I looked up your account information. Right now your current balance is five hundred and seventy-five dollars and forty cents. That will be the amount that we're gonna transfer into the next account.
And is that account you're wanting to transfer out of a checking or a savings account Sir?
A checking.
Alright Sir, so you wanna transfer to a new checking account.
Yes.
OK Sir, could you give me that account number please.
Yes. It is four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
Alright Sir, that is four nine three zero two eight four nine six one.
Yes.
OK Sir, give me just one moment while I handle that request. For you.
OK, thank you.
Alright Sir, was this an internal transfer Sir?
yes.
OK could you give me that routing number, I'm so sorry about that?
yes, the routing number is is two four one eight eight two one six oh.
OK, just one moment Sir. Sorry about that.
It's all right.
OK, I've transferred that into that other checking account sir. That happens immediately, so that account actually is available, that old account for twenty-four hours, it will be shut down after that, and that debit card that you have will no longer be active. So just give us twenty-four hours to check that account but right now we've already transferred the balance from your account your old account to your new account so that's ready and active.
OK.
OK.
Alright Sir, so you also wanted to do a wire transfer from this new account.
yes.
Alright Sir. OK just one moment.
OK sir so that's your checking account?
Yes.
OK how much would you like to transfer, Sir?
four hundred.
Alright, you wanna make a four hundred dollar transfer.
Yes, please.
OK, could I get the recipients first and last name Sir?
yes. It's Eric E. Craft.
OK is that Eric, E R I C?
Yes.
I mean, no it's R it's it's E R I K.
OK Sir, let me correct that right quick.
Alright, could I get the street address, city, state and ZIP code?
Yes. It is forty-two sixty-three Post Farm Road Decatur, Georgia, three zero zero three oh.
Alright Sir, so that street, that address was forty-two sixty-three Post Farm Road in Decatur Georgia in ZIP code was three zero zero three zero.
Yes.
Alright. Do you have an email address for this recipient?
Yes it's Erik E Craft at day rep dot com.
Alright Sir, Erik E Craft at day rep dot com. Got it.
Yes.
OK Sir and what is the account type that we're going to do the transfer for? Is that a checking or savings?
It would be a checking.
OK Sir, so could you give me that routing number for that checking account please.
yes. The routing number is three nine zero six five one zero zero one.
Alright Sir, to verify that's three nine zero six five one zero zero one is that correct?
Yes.
Alright, could I also have the checking account number please?
yes. The checking account number is nine zero zero three eight four six three.
OK Sir, so that's nine zero zero three eight four six three.
Yes.
Alright Sir, thank you so much and you said that amount to transfer was four hundred.
Yes Ma'am.
Alright Sir, would you want this to be same day delivery, next day, delivery or three business days?
There is a fee associated with each transfer request.
Same day would be thirty dollars, next day would be ten dollars and three days would be three dollars.
I'll do the next day.
OK Sir, so you want to transfer next day?
Yes.
OK so the amount of your transfer would be four hundred dollars and the fee would be ten dollars so you will have a debit of four hundred and ten dollars from your current account of four nine three zero two eight four nine six one and two this wire transfer account of nine zero zero three eight four six three.
OK.
OK Sir.
And since you have requested next day, give us twenty-four hours and that should actually be sent to your friend.
OK.
And then you can check back anytime on your account information.
OK.
OK I also have a excuse me Sir, I also have a confirmation number if you would like that.
no, that's all right.
OK Sir, thank you so much. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it.
Alright, thank you Mr. Walker for giving us a call today. Again, my name was Lesley. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Yeah, you too.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Moira, how can I help you today?
Hi Moira. I called yesterday about making a transfer but I got disconnected hopefully you can complete my request today and have better luck.
Sorry to hear you had some issues previously. Let's see what we can do to correct that now what's your name, address and date of birth so we can get started on looking your account up.
My name is Lisa Stonebrook and I was born on August fifth nineteen fifty what was the other thing you wanted?
I needed your address if you can give it to me Mrs. Stonebrook to look up your account further.
Oh that's what you said. OK. Let's see it's fifty West Lone Myer Way and the city is Jackson in Mississippi. My ZIP is it's three nine two zero three.
Forget the ZIP a lot because they keep adding new codes here in Mississippi. And mine used to be different it ended in zero four but they changed it and I forget all the time I don't know why they don't just leave things the same and not change everything. It is so hard to keep up with all the changes.
well I can understand your frustration. It is hard when you have to constantly relearn things over and over again. Hopefully they won't change it again on you there. OK I see where you did call and it was an incomplete request. Well I'm sorry about. So let's see if we can try again. I do need another piece of information from you from for security purposes. Can I get your last four digits of your social security number please.
Oh OK. That would be seven seven two five for the social security question.
Great. So according to the notes you were trying to make a transfer between accounts. Is that why you're calling us today?
Yes. That's what I want.
I want to put money in my savings account from my checking account. You need my account number?
Yes that was my next question. To verify which account you want to transfer to and from since I see you have several accounts under your name and a joint account as well. so if you can verify which account we will be taking money out of with the account number that would be great please.
OK hold on for a moment. I left my check book on the table and I need to go and get it. Just wait a second please if you can.
No problem I'll be here.
.
I'm back. Let me see if I can read this. I need to put on my glasses here we go. Eight eight five nine four seven two five one zero.
Let me verify that for you. It was eight eight five nine four seven two five one zero. Is that correct?
Yes it sounds right.
OK I now need to verify what account you want to transfer money into. You mentioned savings. Please provide me with that account number if you will.
I would like you to use my joint account with my husband Oliver and the number is eight eight five nine four seven six two seven one
Excellent. Let me repeat this digits to verify I have the right account. Eight eight five nine four seven six two seven one.
That's what I have here. You've got it right.
Now if you can tell me the dollar amount you want to transfer.
I want to move over five hundred dollars to the savings account with my husband.
OK I'll start the process now if you can hold briefly please.
Oh sure I can wait. I've got plenty of time.
OK Missus Stonebrook I have transferred five hundred dollars from your checking account which is account number eight eight five nine four seven two five one zero. And move that money from your joint savings account with your husband Oliver and the account number is eight eight five nine four seven six two seven one. Per your request is that all correct?
That sounds correct. When will the funds show up in my account?
Your savings account will show the money added instantly. So if you should happen to go on and check your totals later you will see the account balance has been updated on screen do you need me to give you your account balance as while I'm looking on screen?
Sure you can give me my savings balance if you will the one with the added money.
OK with the added funds new savings account balance is six thousand and forty dollars. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think that's everything. I'm glad I finally got that done.
I'm sorry about the inconvenience that you experienced and having to call back. But I'm glad I was able to help you and complete your transfer if there's nothing else I can do for you I hope you have a pleasant day and that you had if you had any further banking needs you feel free to call us during business hours so that we can help you.
OK we will do.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Tiffany. How can I help you?
Hey Tiffany, how you doing? pretty sure you're having a much better day than me, because it's been a humdinger already and it's only ten a.m..
Oh no.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, go out to work in the morning go to leave the house and my cars dead. Car won't start have to get it towed, have to go through that whole hassle waiting for the mechanic to call. So Yeah it's gonna be money there and as I'm waiting for the mechanic to call, the phone rings and the son calls and he needs money at college. For college, for for books.
Oh boy, OK well I would love to help you with this, and maybe I'll help improve your day .
does your son have the same bank? Does he have Intellibank as well or?
He he does not.
OK. OK, so what I would suggest since you need to get him money right away is a wire transfer.
OK.
there's a five dollar fee for that is would that be something that you'd want to go ahead and.
Yeah, that's fine, and he'll have that money today?
And set up? OK.
Yes.
OK.
It it usually takes a matter of ten fifteen minutes and he'll have it.
OK.
so first of all, what is your first and last name?
my name is Eric Williams.
OK Mr. Williams, and what is your date of birth?
Oh two oh five nineteen eighty-one.
OK and the last four digits of your social?
is one seven nine one.
OK, and if you can just verify your address for me?
OK you know what now I think about it, we moved like six weeks ago. So you you might have my old address. My old address is one thirty-two Hickory.
OK.
Hmm mhm, yes that's what I have so.
OK. So we're gon~
We're gonna need to update that as well.
OK, whenever you're ready I can update that for you right now.
OK the new address is two oh seven Powell Lane.
Mhm.
OK.
And that's in Springfield. Pennsylvania.
Mhm.
OK.
It's one nine one six four.
OK, perfect.
OK, so that's updated for you. And one last question, your security question, which is, what city would you most like to visit?
a city I'm still trying to visit and that's Las Vegas, have you ever been there?
Mm.
Yes I have, love it.
OK.
Love it.
You're selling me on it.
Mhm.
OK so what account would you like to withdraw the funds from, of yours? When your ready just give me that number.
OK from my checking account.
OK.
and that account number is oh eight eight six one one nine oh five.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK, so you have seventeen thousand five hundred dollars in your checking. And how much were you wanting to withdraw for the wire transfer?
OK.
Well the you tell, is twenty-five hundred dollars too much for books? I mean how what kind of books are they selling in college these days?
Wow, well I haven't been in college for a while, but I I don't know. Who am I to say? I mean I don't want to get involved with some family
Yes so in other words my son is taking me for a ride. I I I you said it in so many words.
Oh no.
OK so you but you do wanna do the twenty-five hundred?
yes please.
OK.
So, that will bring your balance to fourteen thousand nine five. Just because you know also the five dollar charge on top of that.
Right, right.
Maybe I'll get the five dollars out of him who knows.
and this is a domestic transaction, correct? I'm assuming, OK great .
Yes, yes it is.
So whenever you're ready you can give me your son's information.
All right lemme.
Let me get that number.
Sure.
OK it's zero three. Seven six. One six oh nine one five.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK, perfect.
OK, and as I said I'm gonna set this up right now and it'll take about fifteen minutes.
OK, can you just read that number back to me please?
Sure, sure. It's I have zero three seven six one six zero nine one five.
All right, perfect yes that's it. OK.
OK, great. So.
Do you authorize for me to go ahead and do the wire transfer for you right now?
Yes.
I do.
OK, just give me a moment I need to make sure everything is set.
OK. OK so that will go through in about ten to fifteen minutes everything will be ready to go for him and his books or whatever.
So my son gets books and I don't get Vegas, I see how this works.
Aww well when he graduates and he becomes a successful man about town I'm sure he'll maybe take you to Vegas.
I hope.
Yeah, me too.
Now did you want me to let you know anything about online banking? Because you can do these things for yourself instead of having to call customer service, if you'd rather.
I guess that's the whole wave of of the you know the modern day now I'm guessing, everybody's doing this. And it probably is a lot easier for people like yourself. It takes work off you know, your back.
Mhm.
Mhm.
yeah so I guess if you can get me, you know, a direction to go to get started with that?
Sure. I mean what I can do is, what we do is, we'll send you an email and you'll just click the link and it will prompt you and take you through exactly how to set up your online banking. And if you happen to need help it will give you also a customer service number that can walk you through it, but I really don't think you'll need that. I think it's really self explanatory and easy.
So if you just verify your email, and I'll send that right over to you.
OK, it's Eric Williams oh two oh five at Gmail dot com.
OK.
Mhm.
OK Mr. Williams, OK perfect so I sent that over to you as I said, if you have any problems though, please feel free to call back .
And is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that you've done everything I I want to thank you so much for your help and I'm gonna have my son send you a thank you card.
Thank you so much Mr. Williams, have a great day.
You too.
Bye Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie how can I help you today?
Oh my goodness . I've gotta get to the store today before they close. But before I get there I gotta check something on my Intellibank account and I think I should do that in person. Do you think you can help me with that?
Oh yes sir I certainly can. You'd like to get would you like to go to a local branch so you could check on your Intellibank account in person?
Yes.
All right sir I can give you a few locations close by you.
All right.
but first I'm gonna need to get a little bit of information from you so that I can handle your request properly.
OK.
All right sir can I have your first and last name please?
Yes. First name Dell last name Walker.
All right Mister Walker could you give me the location you're in referring to that address please?
yes. I'm at three three four zero Pinewood Drive. North Chicago Illinois area code six zero zero six four.
All right sir you said you are at thirty-three forty Pinewood Drive in North Chicago Illinois.
Yes.
At six zero zero six four.
Correct.
All right sir give me just one moment while I look up the locations around your address.
OK.
All right, Mr. Walker, looks like we have about six locations close by you. Would you like all six of those or?
My goodness, six! OK.
OK so some of these are closer but some of these are further out and they have different hours of operations. So I'm just gonna give you a few of these so that you can you know have a well-informed amount of locations to address your needs.
All right.
All right so that first location is at forty-eight Rocky River Road.
OK.
That one is about a fourth of a mile away from your location. The hours of operations are from seven a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday and seven a.m. to two p.m. on Saturday.
All right thank you for that.
Closed
On Sunday.
All right got that.
OK so the next location is at two sixty-three Fox Run Street. That one has hours of operation of eight a.m. to five p.m. daily.
OK got that.
And that one is about half a mile away from you.
Half a mile.
and and so are these next two locations sir.
All right.
OK the next location is at ninety-six oh two Roosevelt Street.
Roosevelt Street?
Yes sir.
OK.
Those hours are eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Friday and eight a.m. to five p.m. on Saturday.
OK I got that on Saturday.
Yes sir it has extended hours.
All right.
And this last location that is a half a mile away from you is at eight fifty Main Road.
All right eight fifty Main Road.
Yes sir.
All right and do any of do do any of the branches have ATM machines inside?
.
And are they available after hours as well?
Yes sir this this next location I'm about to give you actually has a ATM inside and it's available till ten p.m..
OK.
Cause it's a it actually closes the interior and there's an exterior area for you to use the ATM.
OK that sounds great.
OK so this one the lobby hours are from eight a.m. to six p.m. daily those are extended hours.
OK.
And five p.m. on Saturday.
On Saturday.
Yes sir that location is at eight fifty Main Road.
OK eight fifty Main Road I got that.
Yes sir. This next location has extended hours as well this is about a mile away from you.
All right, a mile away all right.
Yes,
Sir. This one is at six Aviation Court.
OK got that.
Not sure what what address you're going to. I know you said you wanted to handle this before you got to the store so I'm giving you these that are a little further out just in case your store in question might be a little further away.
Yes.
All right I appreciate that.
OK the hours of operation for this branch is from eight a.m. to six p.m. Monday through Friday.
All right I got that. I got.
Like this.
One is closed on Saturday and Sunday.
OK closed Saturday and Sunday.
All right OK.
And this last one sir. This one actually has an ATM that's available twenty-four hours.
All right got that.
they leave they actually shut down the lobby and that ATM is just still inside the building so you'll still be able to access that inside the building.
OK I appreciate that.
OK this one is located at one ninety-eight Olive Street.
OK.
And those hours of operation are from eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Thursday, sorry and eight a.m. to five p.m. on Friday and Saturday.
OK.
OK.
OK, well I appreciate that so how your day been going for you so far, Leslie, working hard there or what?
Yes, sir, I sure am working hard, but the day has been pretty great.
All right.
All right that's good to hear good to hear.
Well Mister Walker do you have anything else I can help you with?
no you help me with everything there Leslie I really appreciate you there.
All right thank you so much sir for giving us a call today if you have any other questions feel free to call us back.
I sure will.
All right for now have a enjoy the rest of your day.
you too there.
Thank you sir bye bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Madeline. How can I help you?
Yes hello, good evening. I have been trying to access my account online. I've been trying for a bit here and it's not letting me get on and now it's telling me that it's going to lock me out.
Oh OK not a problem. sorry to hear that you're having some difficulties with the website. Let me go ahead and see what we can do to help you to get in a little bit easier. So In order to do that, I'm going to need to go ahead and pull up your account information. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yes, Anastasia Hoffman.
Thank you Ms. Hoffman. And how are you doing today otherwise?
Oh I'm doing great. How about you?
Doing well. Can I get your account number please?
My account number is four four three, two one zero nine seven eight.
Thank you. OK and I just need for you to fill out do out one of our security questions. So I'm gonna go ahead and just choose a random one here. what was your favorite subject in school?
Math.
Math ? Awesome. OK. All right I am in here. can you tell me what is the email address you're using to try to get on?
OK it's Ana Hoff.
Mhm.
At Zmail dot com.
OK, that is not what we have on file. So did you recently just update your email?
Yes.
You did, OK. All right well that's the the reason that you're having a little bit of difficulty here. I would be very happy to update that information for you.
OK.
OK, let me just pull this up real quick. OK can you spell it exactly as it should be so that way I make sure that it's correct.
A N A H O F F at Zmail dot com.
OK, is that Z like zebra?
Yes.
OK and All right it looks like also it's been a while since you've changed your password. I'm actually seeing here that it's been about over a year. We do recommend for your security that you do that at least every nine months just because of the fact that you know hackers are always trying their best to get in. So let's go ahead and update that right now.
Oh dear, that means I have to remember a new email address?
Well we yes. that is part of it but we do have a new security feature for you that's available. For everybody that has an online account. We will send you your new password in a secure document. And then you'll have it and you could just go ahead and bookmark that anytime that you need to. Of course once you get into the account after using that the first time, you can always save that onto your hard drive.
OK, all right.
OK. All right so Make sure that whatever you're gonna choose, it's at least eight characters long and has a capital letter, at least one number, and a special character.
OK so I choose this?
Yes, go ahead and make up your password that you are gonna go ahead and do. I'll put that into the system and then I'll send you an email with the with it in it for your records.
So are you ready for it?
Yes I am.
OK so it will be a capital T so it's this is great.
OK.
The number eight.
All right.
And exclamation.
Exclamation. Perfect! All right Ms. Hoffman, we've got a new email address on file for you. We also have a new password. I'm gonna go ahead and send you a test email right now. Are you near your computer?
Yes I am.
OK let me know if it comes through.
Oh, here it is. Here it is. Very good.
Oh perf.
OK. And you're able to open it up all right?
Let me just make sure. Mhm there it goes. OK, looks good.
OK. All right, so we've got that on file and everything for you. like I said, don't forget to bookmark that email. You can just save that into a file if you'd like to and then you'll have easy access onto your account. Anything else I can help you with, Ms. Hoffman?
Yes, yes as a matter of fact, you know I have been looking at thinking of maybe opening up a new account, another savings account, for my grandchildren.
How many grandchildren do you have?
Three.
OK and you want them to each have their own account?
Yes.
That is not a problem. We have that ability for you as well. would you want that to be just a basic savings account? Or we also have money market accounts. I I would suggest maybe doing a basic one. And then as they get older, you can go ahead and convert those very easily without any additional fees.
Yes yeah the basic one sounds good. Now, on the accounts, I can have each of their names on the accounts along with mine, right?
Yes you can.
OK. All right.
All right well then what I will do is go ahead and transfer you over to one of our account specialists and they will be very happy to assist you in getting those set up for you right now. as well as go over any additional details that you need. other than that, besides before I transfer you Ms. Hoffman, anything else that I can assist you with?
No?
No, no I'm good just I'm good. Thank you very much.
Well thank you again for calling Intellibank. My name is Madeline. I'm gonna go ahead and put you on a brief hold and transfer you.
Thank you. You have a good evening.
Thank you, you too.
Thanks.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How can I help you?
Hi, my name is Laura and I want to open a checking account.
Excellent, I will just need to collect some information from you in order to open the checking account. Before we do that, did you have any questions for me about the checking account?
Yes, is there interest on the checking accounts, and also how much are the cheques, that is to order cheques?
Those are excellent questions . We do have interest that you can earn on the checking accounts. In fact, right now, we do have a promotion going on For the first six months of your checking account, the first. Five hundred dollars will earn zero point five percent interest. Any amount beyond that will earn the regular checking interest of. Zero point zero one percent. And as far as ordering cheques for our members, it is absolutely free.
Oh, that's really nice news . Great, so it's free to order cheques.
Yes, it is. But we will need to go ahead and establish that account for you, so I will just need to collect some information. First and foremost, may I please have your first and last name?
Sure, it's Laura Winters.
Excellent, and Miss Winters, if I could have your date of birth please?
Four five fifty-five. That is April fifth, nineteen fifty-five.
Thank you so much, and if I could also have your full social security number please?
OK, three seven eight, three nine. Eight five seven seven.
Thank you.
And if I could also have your address please?
Nine eight seven South Popper Drive. Popper with two PS. That's in Pueblo. Colorado . Eight one zero one three.
Thank you so much. Give me just one more moment here . All righty, and if I could have your phone number as well please?
OK. Did you know that, it's seven one nine, and that's. Did you know that for local calls, you now have to Dial the area code as well as the whole number? So when I call the Credit Union now, I have to dial seven one nine first .
I did not know that, Thank you so much for letting me know. I, I didn't realize that we had to start dialling the area code now.
Yes, I got a postcard from the. From the phone company and that's what they said. That Basically you have to dial all ten numbers and if it's a long distance call, you have to dial one and then the ten numbers. And if it's not a long distance call, then you can just dial the ten numbers.
And they listed off all these area codes that have to do that, but one of them is seven one nine.
I think you wanted my phone number right?
That's correct. If I could please get your phone number, including the area code ?
OK, it's area code seven one nine, two one five. Two six nine nine.
And thank you so much Miss Winters. We are almost done, setting up that account up for you Just a l~, a few more things that we'll need. We will need to establish a security question for your account. We will use this whenever you call into the call centre to verify your identity.
OK, Can we choose our own security question?
You absolutely may. What did you have in mind?
I'd like to say, who was your first grade teacher?
That is an excellent security question. We can absolutely use that. And what would the answer to who is your first grade teacher be for you?
Mr Morrison.
Excellent. All righty Miss Winters, so that is all the information that I needed to establish the account for you . As a final step of verification, we will just need you to come into one of our branches to sign for the account. And it looks like here, the closest branch that we have to your address actually. Are you ready for me to give you that address now? Do you have a pen and paper handy?
Just a second. Let me get it.
OK, I've got a pen and paper now.
All righty, so that address is fifteen hundred. East Bradley Avenue, located in Pueblo, Colorado, eight one zero one three . All righty.
We look forward to seeing you in our branch soon to come and establish the account. Did you have any other questions? Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, you've helped me so much but thank you very much.
Absolutely Miss Winters. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank, and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sam. How can I help you today?
yeah, I'm trying to make a wire transfer.
Yeah OK. So I'm just going to get some verification. Your first and last name.
first name is Dan. Is.
OK.
That Daniel or just Dan?
it's Daniel yeah D A N I E L.
OK, and last name.
last name is Green.
Is there an E on the end or just Green like the color?
Just like the color.
Great. your date of birth.
My date of birth is oh six.
Mhm.
Fourteen.
OK.
Ninety-two.
All right. We weren't born that far apart. OK. let's see so what are the last four digits of your social.
last four are oh one.
Mhm.
Five three.
that didn't seem to go through, are you sure that the. You're not a digit off?
try try do five three oh one.
My God I do the same thing all the time. I get. I'm like I know the digits but I'm mixing up the order OK. So that went through just fine.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right here we go OK.
All right, and then I just have to ask you your security question. what was the name of your first childhood pet?
first childhood pet was Ducky.
Ducky, oh my God that's so cute. Did you watch land before time when you were a kid?
a little bit yeah. it It was my sister who was really into it.
Yeah.
Uh-huh, yeah. I have a cat named Dinosaur and a cat named Little Foot the Dinosaur thing happened as an accident. He's name was supposed to be Dave. But he just felt like he should be a dinosaur.
Gotcha.
Boy, that's a. That's a big jump going from Dave to dinosaur.
Yeah, I mean it was kind of my husband's idea because he didn't like the idea of a cat name Dave but I thought it was hysterical. but yeah, we decided to just join together in the middle with our love of dinosaurs.
Uh-huh.
Yeah yeah, I mean that's what marriage is all about.
Yeah.
We saw Jurassic park on our first date. Yeah, it was it was pretty great. Dinosaur nerds. OK so let's see. I've got you. Got all your information pulled up in your account. so which what is the last five numbers of the the account you like to withdraw from.
Yeah yeah yeah. So that is two six.
Mhm.
Three seven.
OK. one more digit.
Oh oh two six three seven zero.
OK. Yep. Great OK, so that's your primary checking account.
Mhm.
OK, so how much would you like to transfer today?
transferring a hundred and fifty dollars.
OK, and is this internal, or are we going to another bank?
this is going to another bank.
Is that domestic or international?
Oh yeah no it's domestic.
OK, no Swiss Bank accounts with Mafia money.
No. Not for me.
Not for not for us millennials. OK, so what is the routing number for that bank?
the routing number is.
Should be the
Six digits on your on your checkbook, if you have one.
Oh OK let me pull that up real quick.
Nine digits sorry.
OK, here it is here it is. OK, It is six seven three.
Yup.
Two eight three.
Yep.
four four six.
OK, so those last ones are four four six.
Yup.
Great OK so I've got it, it looks like it's Pond Bank. Does that sound right?
Yeah yeah, that sounds right.
Yeah OK, great. So what's the account number, I'll need the full one this time for where you would like to deposit.
OK.
Mhm.
like how many digits should this be?
Oh, it's a long one. Should be fifteen I think.
Oh fifteen OK.
If you have.
A checkbook it would be the the first set of digits.
OK, here it is. OK. It's get ready six four five.
Mhm.
OK, six four five.
Nine eight three.
Nine eight three.
four five eight.
Four five eight.
Four five seven.
Four five seven.
Four seven four.
Four seven four. OK, and that's a savings account looks like.
Yeah.
OK, great. So we're transferring reminding me how much that was.
A hundred and fifty dollars.
A hundred and fifty dollars over to your Pond Bank savings account. OK would you like to check your balances? Is there anything else that you need to do today?
Yeah, actually how much do I have in my regular checking?
OK, I'm sorry. Remind me of the last five digits of that?
Oh yeah yeah yeah it's oh five two three eight.
OK, so it looks like you are at five thousand one hundred and thirty-two dollars and sixty-six cents.
Is that after the transfer or before?
That's after, so your transfer if you're looking at online banking. It's marked as pending. So That's your That's your account balance if it's already gone.
OK OK.
Yep. are you set up with online banking?
no, but I I got to tell you. I got to go in a minute here so.
Oh yeah no worries. If you'd like to set that up at any time. Shoot us an email from our website or you can just call.
OK.
so we've got your transfer and so you're heading out. Anything else I can do?
no that sounds good.
All right well have a great day and thank you for calling.
Yeah, thank you.
Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you.
Yes hey Jerry. How you doing today?
Terrific thanks for asking, how's your day going?
Oh it's going pretty good. My name is Evelyn Richards and I would like to update my email address and if you could find me a couple of branches near me. That's not too far.
Certainly Ms. Richards happy to help you with this. thanks for giving us a call here at Intellibank and I wanted to just pull up some information here. If you would Ms. Richards just to verify your account information. What is your date of birth and your phone number?
OK my date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four and my phone number is six seven eight, two zero two, four two five three.
OK that's six seven eight two oh two, four two five three?
Yes.
Terrific. And Ms. Richards, what is your account number?
My account number is nine eight four six five nine.
OK thank you for that Ms. Richards. And again for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
OK. and Ms. Richards, I'll be happy to assist you with those two issues. If you would tell me what is the account that you wanted to update?
OK I wanna to update my email and I can go ahead and give you the email.
OK yes if you would what's that new email address?
OK the new email address is E Richards one at Mail dot net.
OK that's E Richards one at Mail dot net?
Yes.
OK thank you for that. I've gone ahead and updated that for you and just so that you know Ms. Richards, you can also go online if you have access to online banking with us. Do you have online banking access?
Yes I do.
OK terrific. Well just so that you know Ms. Richards, you can just go online and you can update your address and email all right there online.
OK I didn't know that.
We try to make simple as possible for you so that because we know you're very busy.
Yes, thank you then.
happy to assist you with that. And you also said too that you wanted to find a couple branches near you?
Yes I would.
OK and Ms. Richards if you would just let me know what is your you know where are you at? what is the address that you're at right now?
OK I'm at one forty-one Oakwood Avenue Avondale Estates Georgia. Three zero zero zero two.
OK that appears to be your home phone number so you wanted to find branches near your home?
Yes.
OK terrific happy to pull that up for you and Ms. Richards it appears that I found three locations that are near your address.
OK.
I see that there is one location at the Walmart located at ten ten Johnson Drive in Smyrna.
OK now that one is a little bit too far. Could you give me another one, or see if you could find one.
Sure Ms. Richards it appears that I also found that there's one that's maybe a little bit in this general vicinity that's at five seven eight Richardson Road.
Oh that's perfect.
And it's there in Smyrna.
Great. That's much better.
Terrific we try to make sure that we have branches that are near by and accessible. And just so that you know, the hours of that branch is from Monday through Friday from nine to four p.m.. for your convenience if you ever wanted to stop by.
OK that would be great. I appreciate that.
And Ms. Richards, also just so that you know. when it comes to the branches they do also have the ability to have a drop box that you can make drop box deposits make checks or what have you available if you need to that are available after hours as well an ATM that's there if your not able to make it during the branch hours.
Oh that's great. So I can do that. And how can I, and so that's how I'd be able to make a deposit by check.
Yes you can do a deposit by check. if you are unable to make it to the branch you can also scan online on a mobile app your check and you can make a deposit that way as well.
Great OK thank you very much.
And Ms. Richards is there anything else I can help you with?
No there isn't.
Well again, thanks for calling Intellibank and we appreciate your business.
Tha~
Thank you. You have a good weekend.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Carl. How may I help you?
Hi, Carl. How are you?
I'm doing well. How are you doing?
not so good.
what's going on? How can I assist you today?
So I was on the website and I was gonna pay my credit card and I have noticed that there is a charge from this morning that I have not made, cuz I haven't been out of the house. And, I started looking for my credit card and I don't seem to find it and there's and my driver's license is not. It's just my whole wallet. I just can't seem to find it so I'm kind of suspicious that maybe it got stolen out of my bag or I dropped it, got it lost. So I'm really concerned that there's gonna be more charges coming up.
OK. well, give me your name.
Tanya Bishop.
OK. T A N Y A?
T A N Y A correct.
OK.
And last name Bishop? B I S H O P?
Yes.
All right and Tanya your address? I mean your birth date please.
February fourth nineteen eighty-eight.
February fourth nineteen eighty-eight. OK and an address for you?
it is two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
OK. Two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
Yup. Heber, Montana.
OK.
nine one zero one one.
All right and what's a good phone number for you just in case we get disconnected.
area code three oh three three four five nine nine eight seven.
OK. Three oh three three four five nine nine eight seven?
Yes.
All right. So I've got your accounts in here. So I need to ask you a security question. So, what is the what is the name of your first pet?
sorry. Hold on Oh my gosh. Rocky! There you go. It's and the way I spell it is R O C K I.
No worries.
OK. And, what are the last four of your social security number?
three four one one.
All right. OK, so that all checks out. OK, so I am opening up your credit card account. I'm assuming it's your your platinum credit card, correct? Not your debit card?
the platinum card, yes.
OK.
do you have your debit card with you too?
Actually. No that's all in my wallet.
Or is that gone also?
And your whole wallet is missing?
My
Whole wallet is missing.
All right.
So, we're on the credit card now and it's eight one zero zero, the last four. So, go ahead and what is the charge that you're seeing there?
it's at the grocery store, at at the Kroger.
OK.
And it's for eighty-seven dollars something it's what I remember.
OK. Yes, I'm seeing that charge. And that was today and that was not you?
No I have not left the house today.
And there was nobody
Else that would be using your card. Is that correct? OK. Well, I would suggest we cancel this card and get another one issued to you. we can do that and that will go out and you'll have that in the next two to three days. so I'm going to cancel this card and issue you a a new card with a new number and we will be sending it to two seventy Silver Cloud Road, Heber Montana nine one zero one one, correct?
Nope.
OK.
Correct.
OK. And the you will need to sign for this card for cuz FedEx or UPS is going to deliver it and you will to need to sign for it. Is that OK? Will you be available or is there another place where we should send it?
you said two three days?
Two to three days, correct.
OK. So, I will be actually at work. can we send it to my office please?
sure.
the address is four fifty Main Street.
OK.
Heber Montana nine. Same ZIP code nine one zero one one.
OK. So, we're gonna we're gonna FedEx that to your work address at four fifty Main Street, Heber Montana nine one zero one one?
Yes, please.
OK.
All right. So, we will do that and I'm gonna flag this transaction and a member from our fraud detection team will be calling you shortly.
OK.
The and then I'm going to go into your checking account for your debit the account ending two three one one and we will also do the same thing for your debit card. it is not looking. The last charge on this was an Amazon charge for from last week. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
OK and it's for forty-six dollars and eleven cents.
Yes.
OK. All righty. So there's no new charges on this one. Give me one moment.
All right. That card has been canceled. So this one will also be sent out in two to three days and I will have that one sent to the four fifty Main Street also.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, let's do both there please.
OK.
And that's Heber Montana nine one zero one one.
Yup.
All right. Perfect. All right. and then so somebody from our fraud detection unit will be contacting you shortly. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No. No, I just Yeah, I'm just glad that there were no more more charges.
OK. All right. Well if there's nothing else that we can do for you today, thank you for calling and we appreciate you being a customer of Intellibank.
Thank you so much, Carl.
All right.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Alyssa, how can I help you?
Hi. Yeah, I just called about finding a branch near me then I got disconnected.
Oh. I'm so sorry about that. Lemme just get some information so I can assist you further. In case we get disconnected again, is this a good number to call you back on?
yes.
To verify your number that you're calling from is eight one eight three nine nine one six two seven, correct?
Yes. Wasn't it just you I was talking to? Do you need my address again and everything?
so I apologize, you were talking to another associate before so I will need your information to assist you.
Ugh. OK. sorry I'm just really frustrated and I'm running late.
I understand your frustration. Let's go ahead and get you on your way. What is the address you are currently at?
you know I'm staying at a vacation rental. I'll stay. Just give me a second to pull up the address again.
OK. so just so you know in the future, we do have a branch locator on our website that will help you find ATMs and branches near you.
I know, I tried that already. I just keep getting some kind of error message.
Oh. OK, well again, I apologize for the inconvenience. Go ahead and read off the address when you pull it up .
Sorry I don't know if my phone is lagging or the internet or what but it's just taking a minute.
No worries at all. Whenever you're ready.
I should've just taken a screenshot and avoided this whole mess.
you know and it could be that maybe your Wi-Fi or location isn't turned on. I forget to do that every time I go on vacation and I use up all of my data trying to find all the good restaurants.
no, I don't think it's that. I always have those turned on.
Oh, OK. well I can start narrowing it down while you pull the address. You said you were out of state?
Yeah, I'm in Colorado.
OK and what city in Colorado are you currently in?
Denver. I mean technically Littleton.
OK and what street are you on ?
OK I got it. I am at five four nine six South King Street. Littleton Colorado eight zero zero nine four.
OK. Perfect. thank you. just give me a minute, I am just putting in the address and pulling up those locations.
OK. Thank you. sorry again about before. Like I said, I am just running super late and I don't want to miss my brother's show.
No worries. Is he in a play?
No. He's in a band and it's his first gig tonight. I flew all the way out here to support him and I just don't want to miss it and I need cash for parking.
Oh how awesome! Well he's got a wonderful sister for being so supportive to fly all the way out there.
Yeah, well he's my little brother. I wouldn't miss it for the world. I just need to get some cash out first.
That's so sweet. just one more moment, the computer's just taking a minute to load all the locations. what kind of music does he play?
He plays the banjo for a bluegrass band, if you can believe it. I I don't know where he ended up you know getting in the banjo or let alone bluegrass music growing up in California but here we are.
How fun! And you said this was his first show?
yeah, they're having this beer and bluegrass festival out here. He got picked for one of the sets, which is really cool. he isn't opening up for anyone big or anything but you know it's still really big to him.
Oh that's awesome, he must be so excited.
Excited. Nervous. You know it's his first time playing on a big stage for a crowd. Bigger than you know just some of his friends and maybe a few other people in the back of a bar somewhere. You know when I talked to him earlier he seemed pretty anxious.
Oh you know I'm sure that he's gonna be great. OK so I've some branches with ATMs not too far away from you. I have one at nineteen nineteen Prince Street, which is about one point two miles away from you. I have one at three four one seven Jason Avenue, which is three miles away. Or I have one at two three one nine Hanson Street, which is about four miles away from your current location.
can you tell me which one is on my way from here to downtown Denver?
yes. So it looks like the branch at two three one nine hanson is on the way from you to downtown taking the I twenty-five north.
Awesome. Thank you so much.
No problem. Was there anything else I could help you with this evening?
yeah what time does the branch close?
so this branch closes at six p.m. mountain standard time but the ATMs are available anytime for cash withdrawal.
OK, awesome. Thank you.
No problem. Thank you so much for banking with Intellibank and have fun at your brother's show.
Will do. Thank you.
Have a good evening. Goodbye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Amber speaking and how may I help you today?
Hi Amber I'd like to make a wire transfer. Can I do that over the phone?
Oh certainly, I can help you with that and what is your first and last name?
Whitney Blake.
OK Whitney, may I please have your date of birth?
Five twenty nineteen ninety.
OK and which account number are you calling about today?
it's my checking account and the number is twenty eleven thirty-two eighty-five nineteen.
OK that is twenty eleven thirty-two eight five one nine.
Yep.
Great and you said that is your checking account?
Yes.
OK. I have that right here up on the screen and for security purposes can you please tell me your mother's maiden name?
Robertson.
OK and just to confirm this is from your checking account?
Yes.
OK. Now will this be a domestic wire transfer or international?
Domestic.
All right. Whitney, and who will be the recipient?
It's ABC Title maybe it might be under ABC Title Agency.
OK, let me just type that in here. OK and once you give me the routing number. We'll probably be able to confirm the full name of the company. Do you have the routing number? They should have provided you with that.
Yeah. I do. it should be nine seven zero zero zero four seven eight one.
OK nine seven zero zero zero four seven eight one. Yes correct. It is ABC Title Agency.
OK great.
OK, and the account number you have from them?
I know I have that somewhere. Let me Let me look for it. I know it's.
OK, take your time on that. Do you know the amount you'd like to wire over to the title agency?
Yes, ten thousand dollars.
OK. Thank you and whenever you're ready with that account number I can include that here.
OK, I found it.
All right.
The account number is zero zero four one two eight nine one five four.
OK, let me confirm that with you. Zero zero four one two eight nine one five four?
Yep. quick question.
Sure.
Is there a fee to do a domestic wire transfer?
Yes, Whitney. The fee will be one time fee of thirty dollars. We will withdraw that from your checking account so the entire amount will be withdrawn today. ten thousand thirty dollars.
OK, thank you.
Certainly. Let me confirm with you, we are wire transferring ten thousand dollars to ABC Title agency. Routing number nine seven zero zero four seven eight one with account number zero zero four one two eight nine one five four. Did they provide you with an order number or any other information you'd like to add?
No, they did not. Is there something else I need?
No, that's all. Some companies do have another identifying number but will have your name on it and the information you've provided today. Total amount to be deducted from your checking will be ten thousand thirty dollars. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it.
OK and let me tell you in the future you may be able to take care of wire transfers yourself with our online banking. All you need to do is set up your bank account at Intellibank dot com and create yourself a login and you can actually do the wire transfer yourself. You'll save money. The fee is only twenty-five dollars if you do the self-service option.
Oh, so it's cheaper to do the self-service. To do the wire transfer online?
Yes it is.
Oh, interesting.
So this one'll be taken care of for you for today but in the future you do have option to do that yourself and it does require a couple steps to confirm before you go ahead and submit.
Mhm.
Oh, OK. I will check that out for next time. Thank you so much.
Sounds good.
For your.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi Daisy. I just found out that I have and Intellibank branch right, practically right next to me.
OK. So, we've opened a branch next to you. Do you need the hours or how can I help you?
there's. I have a bank account with a bank all the way across town. But I think that this Intellibank would be much more convenient for me.
All right I just want to confirm, we're Intellibank. You said Intellibank.
Yeah. Intellibank.
OK. So, a new branch has opened by you. You have an account across town. Are you looking to open a checking or savings account with us?
I'd like to open a checking account please.
Absolutely! We do have three different kinds of checking accounts to choose from. We have free checking for customers under the age of twenty-five or those who keep a minimum daily balance of five hundred. An interest bearing checking account for those who keep a minimum daily balance of ten thousand, this account pays an annual interest rate of one point nine percent. Or we have flex checking, there's no minimum daily balance but there is a service fee of three ninety-nine a month. Would one of those work for you?
with that free checking account for people under the age of twenty-five, what would happen after I turn twenty-five? Would my account be closed?
after you turn twenty-five, no you would not lose your account. You would just be expected to keep a minimum daily balance of five hundred.
OK, then let's do that one.
Absolutely. Let me just pull up my account creation screen. You. Just to confirm, you do not already have an account with Intellibank?
No.
OK. What is your full name and spell it for me please?
It's George Emory. G E O R G E. E M O R Y.
Thank you. Your address?
It's one fifty-three Pinecone Circle. That's in Branson, Missouri. the the ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you. And what is your phone number?
It's six one two two two nine three nine zero nine. And just in case you need it, my email is G Emory at Hotmail dot com.
Is that G E M O R Y at Hotmail dot com?
Yes.
Thank you. And your date of birth?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
got it! And your social security number please?
It's four two one three eight four four eight one.
Thank you. And for security questions, you get to pick. Would you like it to be your mother's maiden name, your first pet's name, or the street you grew up on?
I'd like to. I'd like it to be the street I grew up on, which is Main Street.
Street you grew up on. Main Street. Got it. All right, and we're gonna do the free checking?
Yes.
Sorry, yes. You had asked for that one in the beginning. OK. Free checking account. I have created that account. Your checking account number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. How would you like to fund it?
I'd like to transfer money from my bank across town.
Absolutely. I'll be happy to help you with that. How much will we be transferring?
one thousand five hundred.
OK. And what is the routing number please?
It's nine eight two five four three six four four.
Thank you. And the account number?
Seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Thank you. One moment while I put all this information together and then I will ask you to confirm before I submit.
All right. I have George Emory is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of fifteen hundred dollars to his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. These funds will be coming from routing number nine eight two five four three six four four and account number seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is this correct?
Yeah, that's right.
OK. I'll go ahead and process that. In just a moment I will have a confirmation number ready for you.
OK. How's your day going?
so far, so good. Been keeping pretty busy all day. How about you?
it's great, you know? I've been paying like five dollars a month to maintain my account with my other bank. So, it's good to know I have a free account now.
Absolutely. Yeah, I have that confirmation number ready for you.
OK.
Nine nine one seven six two nine.
Nine nine one seven six two nine. Got it.
You.
You got it! Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, I think that's it.
OK. Well thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day!
You too, thanks.
Yep, bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name's Assia, how can I help you?
Finally, I was on hold for so long. I bet you're very busy.
Yes, with these changes the bank is going through, we have had many calls.
I can imagine. Are you working from home?
Actually, yes, we have been working from home for quite a while now.
Must be nice.
It's. It's not bad.
Well that's good. My wife is trying to buy a TV but her account does not have enough funds and I'm trying to figure out how to help her.
Well, if she has an account with our bank, we can transfer money to her account from your checking account if that would be something that that could facilitate her the fund transfer will enable her to have the funds that she needs to purchase that TV.
She does and so does my son, maybe we can also transfer some money to him. Can this be done if I set up an online banking or does it have to be done only through you guys?
well actually yes, it can be done through your online banking access if it's enabled. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that.
Oh, wow. Well that's good to know. I want to transfer a thousand dollar to each account. And if we can place on hold on my daughter's account, she lost her debit card last night partying. I don~. She can't remember what she did with it. It's kind of embarrassing but that happens to her quite often.
Oh. Well I'm sorry to hear that and actually yes, we can do this through your online banking or I can assist you at this moment. can you provide me your account number please.
Yeah, the account number's oh two three one two three four one.
Can I confirm that number is oh two three one two three four one. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. I show. You also have access to all three accounts. Can you confirm what account is your wife's?
Yeah, that is zero two three one two three four four.
OK, just to confirm, you said that this the one in end at that ends in two three four four, right?
Yeah.
OK, and what is your son's account?
That's two three four five.
OK. wonderful. I'll go ahead and I'll take two three four five and you said you wanted to transfer a thousand dollars to both accounts, right? Three four two three four four. And two three four five. I'll go ahead and do that transaction. Just give me a minute while I make sure that we transfer that money.
Thank you. I know my son's going to be very happy because he's not expecting that transfer, but might as well do it. It's going to be his birthday in a couple of days so it it'll it'll come as a good surprise for him. oh, my wife doesn't spend all thousand dollars on that TV. I mean pretty sure she could find one that has a less cost of value but knowing her she's going to go with the highest one which is good. I mean we're going to be using it for our TV room. So shouldn't be complaining.
Well, it's it's it's nice to know that she'll be making that purchase and that you'll be getting benefit of of of it as well, right? do wish your son a happy birthday. I wanted to confirm what is the account number that you want to place on hold.
That is zero two three one two three four six.
OK, let me go in and verify that zero two three one two three four six. Is that correct?
Yeah, that's that's my daughter's account. Now I I can reactivate it, right? Do do I have to call to reactivate it or can this also be done on the app? I mean if it's able. If I'm able to do it over the app, I'll just go ahead and once. If she finds it. Be able to reactivate that same one for her, if not I'll call in and order another one.
Well, you you are correct. we are able to reactivate it over the phone. If she does find it, don't hesitate to do it, either calling me or reactivating it through the application. there should be no problem doing that. Now if for whatever reason you don't find it in the next couple of days I'm more than happy to order a new credit or debit card for you sorry. That we. You would have the replacement card arrive soon.
Oh, wonderful. Yeah, I I'll I'll try to do it over the phone or just do do it through the app.
OK, great. Now I just transferred a thousand dollars to each of your accounts. that's a thousand for your son's account and a thousand for your wife's account. If. Is there anything else I can be of assistance with?
No, no thank you. That'll be all.
Well, thank you very much for calling Intellibank. It was a pleasure to assist you today and have a wonderful day.
Good evening. Thank you for calling Intel banking helpline. How may I help you?
Yeah, hello there. I would like to see if I could do an internal transfer with you today.
I'd be gladly be able to assist you with that. Can you please provide me with your first and last name?
My name is Darleen Shorts.
Oh, hi OK, not a problem. Hi Darleen, how are you? I'd be glad to be able to assist you. I'm gonna need a few pieces of documentation from you. Can you please provide me with your your date of birth and either your account number or social security number.
I'll give you my date of birth and the last digits of my social. My date of birth is four four nineteen sixty-five and the last four digits of my social are.
four nine two nine.
Thank you so much Miss Darleen. I'd be glad to be able to assist you. Let me put that into my computer. Just give me one moment. OK, Miss Darleen. I was able to see that you have been banking with us for quite some time now.
Yeah, I've been having a great time dealing with y'all. It's a great bank. And it's easy to find and just the word of mouth. It was easy just to go ahead and get things done. So yeah, we we have been enjoying Intel banking and it's been great for myself and my family as well.
We're we're so happy to hear that Miss Darleen OK. So what are you trying to do? What would you like to transfer?
I would like to take money from my savings account and put it in my checking account.
That won't be a problem Miss Darleen. Exactly how much money are you looking to transfer?
I would like to transfer five thousand dollars from my savings account and put that into my checking account.
OK Miss Darleen. I know you recently just said that you don't have your account number available. so we're gonna have to ask you some other security questions just to make sure that you can validate that is your account regarding your savings and your checking.
Oh that will not be a problem.
Thank you so much Miss Darleen. Can you please tell me the last transaction that was on your savings account?
Oh yeah. My savings account. There should have been a deposit of fourteen hundred dollars and that was actually yesterday. about three p.m..
Thank you so much Miss Darleen and what about your checking account? When was the last time that you used it or what was the last transaction that took place?
well we went to Dunkin' Donuts so I'll say that was yesterday as well right after church so we'll say one p.m. and that total was ten fifteen.
And that was at Dunkin' Donuts. Oh, perfect. I see that Miss Darleen on your transaction. Thank you so much for stating that for me. OK. So you said you wanted to move over five thousand dollars. Is that correct?
Yes that's correct. Five thousand dollars from my savings account and I would like to put that in my checking account please.
Not a problem Miss Darleen. I'll get that taken care of for you. Just give me one moment. OK Miss Darleen, you're all setup. I was able to move five thousand dollars from your savings account and put that into your checking account.
Oh wonderful wonderful wonderful. How long will that take to post? Will I have to wait or day or will I have to wait twenty-four hours? How does that work? I'm kinda confused on that. It's my first time doing an internal transfer over the phone.
Not a problem Miss Darleen, for it the transaction to post it will take between twenty-four to forty-eight hours and it'll you will see that in there transaction.
Oh wonderful wonderful wonderful. Do you by any chance offer any kind of loans at your bank? Like an auto loan. I was trying to get a loan for my daughter but she looks like she gonna need some help, so we're willing to help finance the car but we need to get approved for an amount. Do y'all offer that at your bank?
We sure do Miss Darleen. We do offer auto loans. In order to do that you can go on our website at WWW dot intel banking dot com You can click on the tab that says auto loan. Click on that and it will direct you to apply for the loan to be for in for auto loan and then once you're approved, you'll see the amount you're approved for. You would print that certificate out and take it to any local dealership where you wanna purchase your vehicle and it's valid for the next ninety days if you do it today. It just depends on the day you start. From the day you start it's valid for ninety days.
Oh that's great, that's great, that's great. My daughter is actually coming to visit us this weekend so maybe we can get it taken care of this weekend.
Yes Miss Darleen. I would definitely advise that you do it as soon as you can so your daughter can be on the road. Just whatever works for your family.
Oh thank you so much. I appreciate your time and efforts.
That's not a problem Miss Darleen. I'm so glad I can be able to assist you today. Do you have any other questions?
no I don't think I have any other questions. My main concern was the Intel transfer that which we talked about and also doing the the auto loan for my daughter so there, that's great.
Oh Miss Darleen. Before we hang up, I can also give you information about our online banking to setup your account that way as well.
Oh yeah. I'm interested in doing that. How does that work?
You'll go on the same website intel banking dot com and then you can sign up with online banking using your own, make up your own username and password, and it'll direct you right straight into your account. It may ask you some security questions such as your date of birth your your social security number and also your account number and it should pull it up, and then once that's pulled up you'll be able to see all your transactions that's been pending from your checking and your savings, and also how to apply for our credit cards that we have available and also for the auto loan that you're interested in doing.
Oh that's wonderful. That's really wonderful. So I'll go head and hang up with you now darling and I'll go ahead and check that out and just go over some information with my daughter so we can see what we can get her, you know what kind of vehicle we can get her to drive and that'd be great. Well thank you so much for your time.
Not a problem Miss Darleen. I am so glad we're able to help you. Do you have any other questions?
Nope. You did pretty great. I can't think of anything else at the moment. Thank you so much.
Well should anything come across your mind, please give us a call back, we'll be gladly to able to assist you with any other needs or any other questions you may have that may come up.
Well thank you so much. You have yourself a great evening.
Thank you so much Miss Darleen. Thank you for calling Intel Banking. You have a great day.
You too.
Thank you.
Bye bye now.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Daisy how may I help you?
Hi Daisy I'd like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account. And I'll also need to report my lost credit card.
OK. So we're doing an internal wire transfer from checking to savings. And then reporting your credit card lost?
Yeah.
All right one moment. I'm just making a note here. And let's open up your account. What is your full name and date of birth?
George Emery, September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you George. Verify last four of your social and your mothers maiden name for me.
Excuse me. It's four four eight one, Smith.
Four four eight one. OK thank you. And verify your account numbers for me. Checking account first.
Zero zero one six, three nine, two two one seven. And my savings account is zero zero, one six, three nine, three three, one eight.
Just to confirm these are the accounts that you'd like to transfer money between?
Yeah.
Checking to savings?
Yup.
How much?
I'd like to transfer thirteen hundred dollars.
All right. And please the verify the information before I submit. George Emery is authorizing an internal wire transfer in the amount of one thousand three hundred dollars from his Intellibank checking account. Number zero zero one six, three nine, two two one seven. To his Intellibank savings account. Number zero zero one six, three nine, three three one eight. Is this correct?
Yeah that's right.
All right George. It just takes a moment to process and then I will have a transaction ID number for you.
Great. How's your day going Daisy?
Oh I've had better days. I feel a migraine coming on. So it's probably gonna be a long day. How about you?
Mm that's unfortunate. You know besides finding out that my credit card is missing, perfectly fine day. It's great weather. And you know just had a really nice day. Great food.
Good glad to hear it. I do have that transaction ID number for you.
OK I'm ready.
Nine nine one seven, six two nine.
Nine nine one seven, six two nine got it.
And you wanted to report your credit card lost?
Yes.
Please verify for me your credit card number.
It's four four one two, two two one two, three nine eight seven, zero one zero four.
Thank you George. One moment while I look at the history here. Do you know when the last time you used your card was?
Yeah it was October first.
How about do you know when you lost it?
I can't tell you an exact date.
OK. No problem. October first. What was the company where you used it?
It was Mind Optimizers.
And do you know about how much?
It should have been twelve hundred thirteen hundred dollars.
OK I do show a charge on October first to Mind Optimizers, in the amount of one thousand two hundred eighty-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents.
Yeah that sounds about right.
OK. So that is the last time I show that the card has been used. It hasn't been out there in circulation being presented for payment anywhere. I'll go ahead and cancel the card and we'll get you a new one ordered. It will arrive in seven to business days via mail. And when it arrives you will have to activate it. You can do that at our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com. Or by calling the number listed on the back of the card. It takes about sixty seconds it's all automated. Very clear cut and easy to get activated. And I have a transaction number for this report. Would you like to write it down?
Yes.
It is nine nine, one seven, seven nine one.
Nine nine, one seven, seven nine one. Got it.
Great. So is there anything else you'd like to do today George?
no I think we covered all the bases.
Great I'm glad to hear it. Well have a great day George and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thanks bye.
Bye bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank this is Jerry how can I help you?
Yes hey Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards. I'm out of town and I need to get some quick cash.
OK thanks for calling Ms. Richards, be glad to assist you with that. you're saying you're out of town and you need to get some quick cash?
Yes.
OK. Well you likely could just stop by one of our ATM locations and get some cash. are you familiar with where an ATM is near you?
No I'm not.
OK we'll be happy to help you locate an ATM near where you are. if I could just ask what is your street address where you're located, so we can then find an ATM near that street?
OK, it is one four one Oakwood Avenue.
OK that's one four one Oakwood Avenue?
Yes.
And what city are you in now?
Miami.
OK that's Miami and the state?
Florida.
Florida OK sounds like fun.
Are are you traveling for business or for other reasons?
Yes I'm out on vacation taking a few days just to enjoy the weather and Miami is just a fun place to be.
Well I think you and just about everybody else I know loves Miami so I've never been to Miami though any suggestions as to what to do when you're in Miami? I hear the beach is great and I know they've got a lot of shopping there.
Mm.
Well I haven't been there many times myself so, I'm sorry I can't tell you a whole lot, but I'm really planning on enjoying the beach.
Aww yes yes well yeah I I know Miami Beach I've heard is terrific so I'm sure you're gonna have a blast.
That is the plan.
Well Ms. Richards I found three locations near the address you gave me I found one that is at seven twenty-six Borkell Avenue another is located at four ninety-six Riverdale Court
OK I think the one on seven twenty-six Brokell Avenue might be closer.
OK Brokell, that particular location is there in Miami Florida.
Yes.
OK and is there anything else?
Yes well how much can I get take out of the ATM?
Yeah well the daily withdrawal limit for out ATMs is seven hundred and fifty dollars.
OK OK. And by the way what's can you also tell me my checking account balance?
Happy to do that Ms. Richards what I need to do with that is just to verify some of your account information, simply because that would be more personal information specific to your account versus an ATM which is just you know anyone could get that so if you would Ms. Richards what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
And what is your account number?
Nine eight four six five nine.
OK and Ms. Richards what of course is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez OK well and you you gave me your account number. That was for your checking account, is that correct?
That is correct.
OK I see that your checking account balance is seven thousand three hundred and twenty two dollars and sixty four cents.
OK that sounds right.
OK well with that being the case Ms. Richards by the way, are you aware or or do you have access to our online banking?
No I don't.
OK well just quickly so that you know Ms. Richards for future reference, you can simply go to our website online with the account number you pull up your you can create a online account and create your user name and password takes about thirty seconds, it's real simple and from there once you've created the user name and password it'll log you into your account, you can then see your account balance you can of course update your street address, your home phone number. You can also locate ATM locations right there on our online banking site.
OK that's a lot of information.
well we do try to give you a lot of information so that you the powers in your hands.
we're called Intellibank because we want our customers to be Intellibank and the access to their account financial information. And give you all the tools at your disposal if you so choose.
Well I am glad about that.
Well again Ms. Richards we really do appreciate your business and is there anything else I can help you with?
No there's not.
Well terrific Ms. Richards enjoy Miami and thanks for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Cathy, how may I help you?
Hi Cathy, how are you today?
I'm great thank you, and yourself ?
I'm doing really really well. I see you have a new branch opening up.
what location are you referring to?
the one that's on Main and Pine Street.
Oh yeah that should be opening any day now. We're very excited.
OK that's great. anyway I'm calling because I don't recognize something on my on my online account.
OK I'd be happy to help you with that. Could I get your first, last name and date of birth please?
my first name is Julie Williams and my date of birth is seven twenty-five fifty-seven.
and let's see, I my address is one eight two Biscayne. Let me spell that for you. It's B as in boy, I S C A Y N E, and then it's way.
OK great, thank you so much for that, and if I could possibly get the last three numbers of your Social Security number.
The last last how many of my social?
I'm.
Sorry. The last four numbers. Forgive me.
Oh, that's OK that's OK. eight six one oh I always forget this. eight, hang on. I need to look this up.
OK.
I'm so I'm just so scatterbrained sometimes. OK yes. My Social Security number is eight six one six.
OK great, and Julie, one more question. could I get your mother's maiden name?
Sure, it's Smith .
Thank you so much for that and if I could get the last four numbers of the account you're having the issue with.
The last four?
Yes please.
OK my account is zero six eight five.
OK thank you so much for that. just give me a moment to pull that account up .
OK I have that pulled up. What charge are we looking at today?
Oh hang on, I'm on the wrong page. let me press my back button here. OK here it is. it's for nineteen ninety-eight and it's to the G Trib dot com. I don't even know what that is.
OK, no problem. Let me see if I can look at this transaction and see if maybe I can get some more information on that for you. Just give me a moment here to pull that up.
OK, I am showing that that is a yearly reoccurring transfer or payment. And it's to the Greenville Tribune dot com.
Well I don't recognize that.
OK it looks like possibly something that may have been set up a year ago and now the yearly fee is coming out. Is there anyone else that has access to that card?
No, there's nobody else, it's just me.
OK and you don't you don't read the Greenville Tribune? Or you don't recall signing up for their service about a year ago and like I said, it's the annual fee that's coming up. Cuz it's showing reoccurring. Like you know, this is to be pulled out every year.
Hmm.
Well you know, I've I've been reading I've been reading that newspaper every month. you know, I I well every day actually, but I've never been charged for it. I don't really understand why I'm being charged for it now.
OK. It is an online service, so it's possible that when you initially started to read it it may have been a trial trial for ten days or fifteen days that you gave the account number to and you actually never called them to cancel that subscription.
Oh man! I wish they wouldn't do stuff like that, that's so frustrating. They they get you in there on their free offer and then all of a sudden a year later upcharges us nineteen ninety-eight that I don't even recognize. it's just it's ugh.
I know, it can be a bit frustrating. I know with myself I have to be very careful when I'm online looking at things so one of the things I decided to do is if I'm gonna do a trial offer on something I put it an alert reminder on my phone so it pops up so I know to go back in and either cancel it or sign up for the service. But that's just me.
Oh.
That's a good idea, that's a really good idea.
So I do see that there's a phone number on file for this company. Would you like the phone number? And maybe you can call them and and cancel it or see if you can't maybe get your money back cuz you misunderstood the you know, the trial offer on that.
OK, that sounds good.
OK great. So the number I have for them is eight hundred six seven four five eight one two .
OK. All right. I got that.
OK so definitely give them a call and and maybe they'll be able to work something work something out for you. So was there anything else I could you help you with today Julie?
Well are there next steps that I need to do or I'm obviously that I I need to call them. But but what if that's not what it is?
Well you can definitely file a dispute with us. We would ask that you know, you give us a call back and tell us that you know, you don't recognize it. But I will let you know you know, once you file that dispute if it turns out it is one of those trial offers and that is in their their documentation, I know, it's in the fine print usually. You're more than welcome to file a dispute but I can't give you any guarantees that we would get your money back.
OK. All right. That sounds fair.
Is there anything?
Is there any other way?
Is there any other way to dispute a transaction other than over the phone?
Well you could stop by a branch, but also if they refuse to give you the money back or stop you know, the charges then we can take a look at that in the dispute as well. But we could also close your card down and get you a new one, that way they won't be able to debit the account next year. But I would definitely start with calling them.
OK. All right, I'll do that then.
OK great Julie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's everything.
All right. You have a great day then.
OK you too.
Bye.
Bye.
Hello, good evening. Thank you for calling Intellibanking help helpline. How may I help you today?
Hi. Yes, can I get some more information in regards to internal transfers, I believe?
Oh, sure, yes. here at our bank we do internal transfers. though it will not be a charge to you since you are, I believe. I'll have to look up in your account and then see if you have. If you've been an existing customer. Have you ban~. Have you banked with us before?
Yes, but the only think is I can't remember my account number on your on file.
OK, no problem. Oh, please forgive me, I forgot to even ask you for your first and last name. May I have your first and last name please?
Yes. First name's Kenya. Last name's Moore.
OK, Mrs. Moore, may I have your date of birth please?
You may. Eleven eleven nineteen seventy.
OK, sounds great. And ma~. Also, I need to ask just one more piece of information to for security reasons. Can you please provide me with either your account number, or the last four digits of your social please?
Oh, my social. I'm glad you guys do it that way. The last four is four three one one.
Perfect. OK, let me pull your account up. Just give me one brief moment. OK Mrs. Moore, I have your account ready up here, and you said you were interested in doing an internal transfer. Is that correct?
That's right.
OK, and how much money we looking over to transfer today?
just a few thousand. I was wondering, do you guys do a cap, or like a I'm not sure how many internal transfers I can do with your bank.
Oh, OK, well I'm glad you mentioned that. We actually have a cap as far as how much money you can transfer with your internal transfer. It's Our limit is ten thousand dollars. That's the cap for you to do that. Is tha~. Will that work for you tonight?
Yes. That let's me know how much I could start out with.
OK, well since you couldn't provide me with you account number, I do have your social here. That's fine, I can go off of that, but for security reasons I will need to know your last transactions. So, your first. Just give me any transactions that that took place in the last five days with your checking account.
Perfect. I made an order yesterday through Amazon. It was in the amount of twenty dollars and ninety-nine cents.
Perfect. I see that right here. OK, and I believe. So you. When we do this internal transfer we're gonna be doing it with your checking and savings account. Is that correct?
That's right.
OK, for your savings account I was able to verify the Amazon order. That's perfect. Can you please provide me the last transaction or the recent transactions that took place with your savings account, whether it's a withdrawal, or a deposit, or anything of that nature?
Yes. I did a deposit on Friday. In the amount of one hundred dollars to my savings account.
OK.
Perfect. Yes, I see that on here. So, perfect. Wherever the. Where was. I'm able to verify both documents, that you have a savings account with us, as long. I mean, as well as a checking account with us. Thank you so much. Oh, wow. I seen you've been banking with us for the last about twenty years. That's so awesome, Mrs. Moore. Thank you so much for banking with us. We appreciate your your service.
You're more than welcome.
OK, Mrs. Moore. So just to clarify, you would like to do an internal transfer? Do you know how much money you're gonna do with us today?
Yes. Today it's gonna be for four thousand and five hundred dollars.
OK, so we're gonna do forty-five hundred. Is that coming from the checking account or the savings account?
Savings.
OK, so we're gonna move. We're gonna withdraw forty-five hundred and put that into your checking. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. Just give me one brief moment. I'll be able to transfer that money over. OK, Mrs. Moore, that money has been transferred over. Please allow within the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours for that transaction to be posted to your account, and you should be good to go.
Perfect. That was very easy.
Yes, it is. We love being able to provide these services over the phone. did you have any other questions?
yes. I'm not sure if you know this off the top of your head, but what are your
Operating hours?
Oh, yes, sure. Not a problem. In order for me to do so we have a lot of local branches branches, I'll just need your direct home address and I'll be able to look that up for you.
You got it. Sorry.
You.
No, not a problem. Thank you Mrs. Moore. Can you please provide me with your street address, please?
Forty-seven sixty.
Perfect, and can you please provide me with the state and city that you live in?
City is Greenacres. State is Florida.
Perfect. OK, that's great Mrs. Moore. Just give me one brief moment. OK, Mrs. Moore, I see you have about four local branches near your address stated. would you like to have the closest one to your home, or do you care where it's at?
Closest is better. I'm getting old these days.
I definitely understand that. I'm getting old as well. OK, so the closest one is about four miles from your home address, and they're operating hours are from eight a.m. to six p.m., Monday through Friday, and they're open on Saturdays from, briefly from twelve p.m. to five p.m. and on Sundays they are closed.
Perfect, and do you guys also offer the inside ATM services at your locations?
We sure do, but in order to access those accounts, you would. accounts, I apologize. Access those ATMs, you would need to have your debit card in hand. There will be a a little machine on the side of the door. You just swipe your card in and the door will automatically open, and then it will shut as soon as you walk in. Please go alone when you visit these banks. We don't . ATMs will. . It's just a a one person type of operation. So when you go to the ATM it's just one person can fit in there. Not like if you have to bring your kids or anybody with you, just one person and then it closes after that. Just with limited access and as far as space, and just for security breach reasons we like to just keep it to one person at a time.
Thank you, that's very good to know.
Not a problem, Mrs. Moore. Do you have any other questions?
I think that's about it. You've been very helpful today.
Thank you so much for calling Intellibanking. You have yourself a great day.
Thank you so much. You do the same.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank.
My name is Rick. How may I be of service?
Hello Rick. My name is, is Catherine Wesley.
I would love to do a transfer for my checkings account.
So, I need a bank, how could you help me do that?
OK.
Mrs. Catherine, thank you for using Intellibank. We really do appreciate your patronage.
I would be happy to help you make the transfer, the wire transfer. How can I help you?
OK. So right now my mobile app is not working. So I need you to move money from my checkings account to another business account in .
OK. That's . we'll look into the mobile app issue much later. But now, let me help you with the transfer, quickly. OK, I'd like to ask you a few question before proceed.
Can I go ahead?
Yes, please.
OK. could you give me account number, please?
My account number is zero eight two four one seven nine three three four. I'll take it again.
Zero eight two four one seven nine three three four.
OK, ma'am. I got that. I'll just like to call it out so you can now have the correct information.
So I have zero eight two four one nine, one seven nine, double three four. Is that correct?
That's correct, please.
OK. Is this a checkings or savings account?
It's a checkings account.
OK. your full name is Catherine Wesley, correct?
That's correct.
OK. What's the location you're calling from, please?
I'm calling from Ohio.
OK. can I have your date of birth, please?
April twenty-eighth nineteen eighty nine.
OK. That's correct. April twenty-eighth nineteen eighty nine.
OK. And lastly, I'd like to ask you a security question. Can I go ahead?
Yes, please. You can.
OK. What is your pet's name?
Bobby.
Oh Bobby. That's correct. All right, Mrs. Catherine. OK. Now let's make the transfer.
OK. How much would you like to transfer?
One thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
OK.
One thousand two fifty dollars.
OK m~,
account, right?
Yes, please.
OK. Can I get the account number?
Two five one two.
One eight nine three three four. I'll take that again. Two five one two one eight nine three three four.
that is more than the number of digits.
It's supposed to be ten. You gave me eleven. Could you take that again?
OK. I see the error.
Two five one two one eight nine three three four.
OK. That's correct. That's ten. I will just call out number so that I will have the same information. All right, I have two five one two eight nine double three four. That's correct? OK.
That's not correct,
Please.
I'll take it again. Two five one two one eight nine three three four.
OK. Two five one two one eight nine double three four?
That's correct.
OK. Is this a checkings or savings account?
It's a savings account.
OK. can I have the customer name, please?
Kelvin Wine.
Kevin Wine, OK. good.
The transfer is going to take approximately six hours.
cuz the network today is kind of slow. So it's going to take that long.
Hope you don't mind.
Well, I don't mind goes today.
Mm OK, ma'am. So I'm gonna do that right away. I'm gonna send you a consent form, on your email address.
So, to be sure, it's you and you made the transfer, and you consent to the transfer. Is that fine by you?
Yeah, that's fine. I'll be waiting for that.
OK. Can I have your email address, please?
Catherine nineteen eighty nine at Outlook dot com.
OK. Catherine nineteen eighty-nine at Outlook dot com.
OK. got that. I just sent that to you. So, please do fill it and send it back.
once we have it, we push the transfer right away.
OK. Will that be all, please?
Yes, that'll be all. Thank you so much.
OK, ma'am. would you like to get to know about other services that Intellibank renders?
No, please. I'll check all that off on the website. Thank you.
All right, ma'am. Thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a wonderful day.
You too. Bye.
Bye.
Good evening. calling Intellibank hotline. How may I help you?
Yes, hi. Good evening. I was just trying to figure out information as far as how does the internal transfer work? I'm just kinda confused exactly how to do that.
Not a problem. We'll be gladly to assist you. Can you please provide me with your first and last name?
Sure. My first name is Sarah. Last name is Thompson.
Good evening Miss Thompson. I'll be gladly to assist you with that. Our internal ser~, our internal banking we provide, is that we allow you to transfer funds within your account or another account you may have with us. We can take it from your checking or your savings, or if you have a different account, and you want to move that over, let's say you have one maybe, a joint one with you and your husband, we can do that as well.
Oh, thank you so much. My husband was actually asking me at exactly if he wanted to use our business account, and just take money out of there and put that in our checking. Can you possibly help me with that this evening?
I'll be gladly to assist you with that Mrs. Thompson. Can you please provide me with your date of birth?
Yes, my date of birth is zero four zero one Nineteen sixty.
OK. I have that down. Can you also provide me with your account number please?
Well, I apologize. I don't really know my account number off the top of my head. Can I just provide you with s~, another form of documentation? Or another form of something else you can use to open the account?
We can gladly do that with for you Mrs. Thompson. Can you provide me with at least your last four digits of your social?
I can definitely do that. It's fourteen fourteen.
Oh, thank you so much Mrs. Thompson. OK I see that you have several accounts with us. And you mentioned you wanted to do an account transfer with your husband's business account, that you have joint together. And put that into your checking account that's but with your own name. Is that correct?
Yes, I actually wanted to go ahead and do a an internal transfer using our businesses, business account, checking account. And then transfer that money over to my personal savers account. Can you do that with for me this evening?
We definitely can help you with that Mrs. Thompson. Well, we gonna need is your your account number.
I'm sorry, I told you I didn't have that. I was able to just give you my social which was the last four digits.
Yes ma'am, you did say that but in order for us to do the internal transfer we will definitely need your account number. Can you please provide me with that please?
Well, you know what? Can you just give me a few minutes so I can go grab that out of my purse downstairs? I'm upstairs so I'm have to go down there and just verify get the information pulled out. So you can go ahead and help me with that.
I definitely understand ma'am. Not a problem. I'll be he~, gladly able to hold for you.
Thank you so much.
Not a problem Mrs. Thompson. Whenever you're ready.
Oh, oh, hello ma'am. Well, I was able to go ahead and pull that information out and I can definitely give you my account number. My personal account number for my checking account is.
Yes Miss Thompson I'm here.
Oh, yes. I apologize I was just trying to look at something else, I got distracted, well please forgive me. Well, OK. So your, my personal checking account number is fifty nine, sixty nine thirty-two zero one.
Thank you so much for providing that information Mrs. Thompson. Can you please verify any recent transactions that's happened with this personal checking account?
Well yeah, I can say there was about twenty dollars spent at Target.
OK. I see that on here, thank you so much, that was your last transaction, thank you so much for verifying that. Now, you stated that you wanted to move money from your business account, that you have with your husband, a joint account. And puts money back into your personal checking account. Is that correct?
That is correct ma'am.
OK. Well in order for me to do that I will definitely need your business account number as well. Can you please provide that for me?
I definitely can do that for you, I was able to grab that while I was downstairs. And the business account checking number is? One hundred forty nine twenty nine zero one.
Thank you so much for providing that for me Mrs Thompson. I appreciate that. Can you verify anything, recent transactions that's happened with this account?
There was a, yes I can provide that. There was a recent deposit that was a thousand dollars that should have been posted yesterday.
OK. I see that. Thank you so much for providing that information Mrs. Thompson. So, just to verify one more time. You'd like to transfer money from your business account that you have with us, and put that into your personal checking. Is that correct?
Yeah, that is correct.
OK, Mrs. Thompson. Just give me one brief moment and I'll be able to do that for you.
ma'am, but before you do that, will there be a charge doing a internal transfer?
No Mrs. Thompson, there will not be a charge, since you are a personal account holder with our bank. We'll not charge you anything.
Well, that's a good relief for myself. OK, well I'll just go ahead and wait for you to take care of that.
Yes Miss Thompson, it'll just take me one brief moment and I'll be back to assist you with anything else you may have.
Well, thank you so much darling, I'll be here waiting.
All right Mrs. Thompson, I was able to transfer the money in your account.
But ma'am, I'll, I forgot to tell you how much we wanted to transfer.
Oh, yes you did. I forgot, I was going off with the deposit that we were speaking of. The thousand dollars I was, in your business account.
Yes, that is correct.
Can you please verify how much money you would like to be transferred from your business account over to your personal checking?
Yes, I would like to just go ahead and transfer twelve hundred over from my personal business account, over to my personal checking.
That's not a problem Mrs. Thompson. I'll get that straight away for you. Thank you for providing me with that information. Sometimes you just get a little sidetracked with everything going on around here. It gets a little busy and chaotic.
Not a problem, you don't have to apologize. I understand that, you know, the get kinda hectic and crazy sometimes, it's kinda out of our hands.
Thank you so much for being understanding Mrs. Thompson. So, just to verify again. We're going to go ahead and take twelve hundred from your personal business account. And put that over to your personal checking. Is that correct?
That is correct man.
OK. Just give me one more moment and we can get you squared away.
Thank you so much.
Not a problem. OK, Mrs. Thompson. I was I was able to do that for you. And like I said, there will not be any charges on the account for doing an internal transfer. As long as you hold a personal account with us it's free of charge. There's no charge regarding that.
Well, that's a relief. I know my husband will be proud of that and happy of, about that too. Thank you so much Mrs. ma'am for helping us out.
Not a problem Mrs. Thompson. Is there anything else I can help you with this evening?
I was kinda interested in learning more about your online banking. And how that actually works.
Well yes Mrs. Thompson, you can go on Intellibanking dot com, and you can set up your own online banking account with us. And you can choose to to have paper statements to your home. Or you can go ahead and have them e-filed, electronically sent to your email address. And that can save on paper and that can also save you a few couple a dollars as well for regarding maintenance fees and all that with your account.
Oh, well. Yeah I'll definitely like to look that up.
Well if you to the Intel banking dot com it'll give you the option of selecting paper or elctronic mail instead.
Well you know what? I'm kinda old-fashioned in that way. I kinda like seeing the paper in my face and I can actually read it. So maybe I'll just go ahead and Get the paper.
That's fine Mrs. Thompson. Whatever you choose to do that's fine with us. Just letting you know there's a convenient way that you can have your statements mailed to your home or mailed into your email.
Well thank you so much for explaining that, I appreciate that. Is there any other services you provide on the online banking.
yes Mrs. Thompson. Once you convert your own account, you are able to access your all your business accounts. You would just have to have your account number. Set that account up and you can see what's available on deposits, transfers anything that's been touched, anything that's been moved from different accounts will be on your screen. And everything we talked about today will show up on your screen as long as you log in and set up your user name and password. And it's, It'll be easy for you to log in, and you can check and see what's available in your funds and things of that nature.
Well that's great. I really appreciate you explaining that. I just got kinda confused as far as how that worked. Thank you so much for explaining it.
Not a problem Mrs. Thompson, I'm glad I was able to assist you with that. Should there be anything else I can help you with this evening?
No, no. I think that's about it. I was able to do my internal transfer and now I know I can go online and set up my own online banking account. I'm looking forward to doing that.
Not a problem Mrs. Thompson. As always should you have any questions, please give us a call back. And we hope you have a great evening. Thank you for calling Intellibanking.
You have a great evening. Thank you so much for your help.
Not a problem Mrs. Thompson, have a great evening. Thank you, bye, bye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. I just moved from out of town. could you help me with some local ATM machines please?
I sure can, sir. can I have your first and last name please?
Yes. First name Dell, last name is Walker.
All right, Mr. Walker. To fulfill your request, I'll need to know a little bit of information about that location.
All right.
Could you give me your full address including the city, street, I mean city, state and ZIP code?
yes. Hold on please, would you?
Yes, sir. I sure will.
All right. My street address is forty-five fifty-five North Bobby Street Peoria Illinois, six one six oh three.
Correction. Correction. Correct it.
hold on. I'm sorry. that's forty-five oh four Peoria Illinois six one six oh three.
All right, sir. You say your location is forty-five oh four North Bobby Street?
Yes.
All right and Peoria Illinois?
Yes.
Six one six oh three is your ZIP?
Yes it is.
All right, sir. Give me just one moment while I look up some local ATMs by that address.
All right.
All right, sir. Looks like we have about five local ATMs. only one's within walking distance of your address so I can give you that listing.
OK.
All right, sir. So this first one is at sixty-three Rockville Street.
Rockville Street?
Yes sir.
OK.
The hours are from nine to five p.m..
Nine to five.
Yes sir. That's that's located within a lobby of a branch.
OK. Is there a fee for that one?
No sir. There are no fees for our local ATMs.
Oh, all right.
If you're a member of our banking community, there are no fees at any of our branches.
OK, but what if you're not?
If you are not, sir, the fees are anywhere from two to five dollars.
OK.
Depending on also the amount that you withdraw.
All right. OK.
OK and this next one is located at ninety-seven forty-six Rockwell Drive.
You said Rockwell or Rockfrell?
Rockwell. R O C K W E L L.
All right. I got that.
All right, sir. And, that one is actually a twenty-four hour ATM that's located outside of any building. So, you can walk up or drive up on that one.
OK.
Mkay. The next one is located at twenty-five East Purple Finch Street.
Purple Fence?
Finch. F I N C H.
Perfect.
Oh, OK.
That one is also a twenty-four hour branch. It's about a quarter of a mile away though.
OK, so that's not walking distance?
No, sir. the only one that was walking distance is the one that was located at at ninety-seven forty-six Rockwell.
OK.
And like I said, I think that that one closes at five so.
All right. Thank you.
Mkay and we have two more. This next one is at fifty-one Forest Street.
OK. Forest Street?
Yes, sir. That one is also close by but about a mile away from your address.
OK.
That one is actually located with inside of a building, so that closes around ten.
Oh.
OK.
So that one be available till ten p.m..
All right. I got that. All right.
And this last one is at nine twelve Hanover Street.
Hand Over?
Hanover. H A N O V E R.
All right.
That one closes at ten p.m. as well.
All right.
It's also.
Located with inside of a building.
OK. I got that. All right.
All right, sir. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no. I sure I sure appreciate it. How you doing?
Oh, I'm doing pretty well, Mr. Walker. How are you today?
All right, all right. Well, I thank you for your help. Leslie you said?
Yes, sir. My name is Leslie.
that's a beautiful name.
Aww, thank you so much sir.
All right.
I really appreciate that.
you're welcome.
All right, sir. Enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
All right. Bye bye.
All right. Bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes, hello Jerry. My name is Evelyn Richards, can you help me find an ATM near me?
Happy to help you with that Ms. Richards. And let me just get some information here so that I can find help you find an ATM near where you are. How's the day going today?
Well my day is going good, I'm just excited about Thanksgiving coming up, and everything.
Yes ma'am, holidays are terrific and hopefully this year we can really enjoy the holidays. You know last year with all that was going on with a lot of the pandemic, people just weren't able to enjoy the holidays like they used to. But you know hopefully this year we, you know, you know, the country will be able to get back together and enjoy the holidays with their friends and loved ones.
We hope so.
any special plans for this particular thanksgiving? Are you gonna be traveling, are you gonna be with family, or any idea?
Well we'll be with family and just enjoying good food and fellowship.
Well there you go Ms. Richards, sounds fun, sounds fun. Well lemme just ask, Ms. Richards so that I can help you with what you're looking for here let me just verify a little bit of information on your account. what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty four.
And what is the account number?
Can you hold on for me?
Sure.
OK. Six two nine, six four four.
OK that's six two nine, six four four is that for your checking account?
Oh, OK. I'm sorry that's incorrect. I need to give you the correct one.
Oh, OK sure.
It is nine eight four six five nine, sorry about that.
Not a problem at all Ms. Richards, you said that your checking account number is nine eight four six five nine?
Yes.
OK, got it. I was able to get this pulled up for you Ms. Richards and what I want to do is just find out, what is the address that you're at that you want to find an ATM near you at.
OK, it is one four one Oakwood Avenue.
OK that's one four one Oakwood Avenue, that's the street address that you're going to want to find an ATM location nearby?
Yes.
OK, and what city is that in?
That's in Smyrna Georgia.
OK the state is Georgia?
Yes.
Alright. Got it. I was able to pull up I see the closest the nearest location for an ATM near that address is at fifteen seven oh seven, pardon me, that's fifteen oh seven Westview Drive.
OK, all right, I think that one sounds pretty familiar that street you know that you gave me.
OK, and I is that good for you or you know we have a couple other that I'm seeing popping up in the location, but that seems to be the closest one to that address.
I think this one really is a good one for me.
OK, terrific, terrific, and is there anything else I can assist you with then Ms. Richards if you, did we answer your concern there?
Right, I would like to get some information about the online I'm not set up so if you would help me with that I'd appreciate it.
For sure. Ms. Richards, what you simply can do is just visit our visit our website by going online with the account number you just gave me and you can then create your username and password when you sign up, it's real quick. Thirty seconds. And then from there you'll be able to access your account online at our website. You can see your account balances, you can update your address, phone number. You can even also check for the locations of an ATM. All you have to do is enter in the address, and the system will then provide you with ATM locations near the address that you put into the system.
OK, and what are your hours?
Are do you mean for the or for online banking the hours is twenty-four seven.
Oh, great. OK, right, I appreciate that.
But if you're referring to our branches, is that what you're referring to?
Well, really, yeah that is what it was.
OK, sure. Well for our branch locations the hours are Monday through Friday, nine a.m. through four p.m.. And on Saturdays it is nine a.m. to midnight as far the ATM locations. The ATM locations are available even after the branch location hours so you can stop by really at any time at our ATMs to make a withdrawal, make a deposit, or check your account balance.
Well that was so helpful.
Well, Ms. Richards, is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, there's not anything else.
Well terrific, again, thank you for doing business with us Ms. Richards, and hope you have a terrific thanksgiving.
And you too.
Bye bye now.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kathy, and how may I help you today?
Oh hey Kathy! How are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well Ma'am. Thank you so much for asking, and how about yourself?
Well, I'm doing pretty well considering. the reason I'm calling is I think I have misplaced my credit card. I've looked everywhere for it and I can't find it so I guess we just need to go ahead and report it as lost, and see what I need to do about having a replacement sent out to me .
Oh, all right. That's not a problem Ma'am. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that today. I do need to get a little bit of information so I can pull up your account. May I have your first and last name please?
sure. It's Melissa Keller, K E L L E R.
All right Miss Keller, and may I have your date of birth please?
Sure, it's May the thirtieth, nineteen ninety-six.
All right, May the thirtieth, nineteen ninety-six, and may I have your driver's license number please?
Sure, let's see, it's V as in Victor, seven one seven, zero seven, two one, three one, zero zero.
All right, I have V as in Victor, seven one seven, zero seven, two one, three one, zero zero.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct .
Thank you Miss Keller, and I do have a security question on file for you. What is the name of your favorite pet?
Oh, my favorite huh? honestly not sure which one I put on there because I can't really pick a favorite. Is it Mica or Cash?
Oh yes, Ma'am. I completely understand that, and you do get the correct answer and you did have down Mica.
Oh, OK, Mica. He's my oldest so that's probably why I did that, sorry.
Well that's not a problem Miss Keller. Now, let's see, may I have the credit card number of the credit card that you've misplaced?
sure, I don't know it off the top of my head, I'm sorry. Could I go and grab my statement from the bedroom?
Yes Ma'am, that's not a problem. Just let me know when you're back.
Oh, OK, yes Ma'am. Thank you. Sorry about that.
Well it's quite all right.
OK, I'm back. Are you still there?
Yes Ma'am, I sure am.
All right, I do have the statement, let's see, number, number, nu~. All right, the credit card number is four four, eight five, eight zero zero eight, seven eight zero three, six two, nine one.
All right. I have four four, eight five, eight zero, zero eight, seven eight, zero three, six two, nine one.
Yes Ma'am.
All right, thank you Ma'am. Now, I'm gonna pull up your transaction history real quick. Let's just go over this just to make sure there haven't been any charges on here that you have not made, OK?
OK. Not a problem. Thank you actually for checking that?
Yes Ma'am, not a problem. All right, I do have that pulled up, and where is the last or the date that you last remember using your card and what business was that at ?
I actually on October the eleventh, I went to Firefly Auto and got some new tires for my car.
Oh, all right, well that's that's wonderful news actually. That is the last transaction on showing on here so instead of having to report it stolen, we can go ahead and report it as lost which is a lot simpler of a process for you. Now, what I'm gonna go ahead and do is mark this down as lost and we will go ahead and re-issue another card, but to do that, I do need to verify your address of where you'd like a new card sent.
OK, we live at three seventeen Lynn, L Y N N Street, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
All right, I have three seventeen Lynn Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Yes ma'am.
All right, just one moment while I get this processed for you.
OK, thank you.
All right Miss Keller, I do have this processed for you, and your new card should be arriving in the mail within about five or seven business days, and when you get that card, there will be a little sticker on the front. Just call the phone number that's on that sticker and follow the prompts and that will get it all activated for you.
OK, wonderful, thank you.
Yes Ma'am, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, you've been quite helpful. Thank you so much.
Yes Ma'am Miss Keller. Anytime, and thank you so much for calling Intellibank, and you have a wonderful day.
Thank you, you too.
Hello there. I'm your Intellibank banking agent. What do you need assistance with today?
I have a problem with my account so I would like some assistance with figuring out why this is happening.
Alright. I can help you with that. First I need some information in order to complete that request. What is your first and last name?
My name's Maria and my last name is Fernandez.
OK. Give me a few moments please.
Thank you so much Intelligent Bank agent.
My apologies Maria. It's Intellibank.
Oh I'm sorry. I'm a bit hard of hearing at time.
No worries. What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is August twenty-fourth nineteen sixty-two.
Perfect. Thank you for providing that information.
How your day been? I hope it is being good.
Oh it's been amazing thank you. I recently obtained a new kitten.
That's so sweet. Congratulations.
Thank you. Ma'am pardon the interruption but what is the last four digits of your social security number?
Oh no. I don't have my social security number card with me right now. Can you give me a few seconds please?
Certainly. I can wait.
I have it now. The last four digits are two zero three eight.
I'll repeat back the numbers to you to ensure accuracy. It's two zero three eight?
Yes that is right.
Thank you so much for your continued patience. Now I have to ask you one of your security questions. What is the name of your first pet?
That is an easy one. Thank God. The name of my first pet is Vanilla.
Correct. Now I must ask you a few more questions. I see here in the system that you often pay the checking account fee late. I believe that the best solution would be to close your checking account. Would you like me to assist you in that?
honestly that would be a relief if you could help me.
I'm glad to help. What is the account number of the account you wish to close?
The account number for the account that I wish to close is two zero four three seven nine.
I have to ask this as part of the procedure OK? Why are you choosing to close your account?
I understand. It's fine. I want to close my checking account because there is too many fees. I didn't expect it.
I understand. Will your savings account receive the money?
Yes. Thank you.
What is the deposit routing number for the savings account?
The deposit routing number is two four three eight five seven one nine three.
Thank you so much. We're almost done. What is the banking account number of your savings accounts?
It's two eight nine three seven eight four three two.
Alright. That was the last step. Your checking account will be closed and the funds will be transferred over to your savings account. Did you have any other requests that you wanted me to help you out with today?
No. That is it. Thank you.
Alright. Have a lovely day and thank you for choosing Intellibank.
Goodbye.
Oh wait. Are you sure that there's nothing else that you need? Because I forgot to tell you that in regards to our traveler's card you get a fifty percent off discount if you apply for it today.
I'm not interested right now. But thank you for the offer.
No problem. Have a lovely day.
You too. Goodbye.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
yes. I'm. I was shopping for a gift for a birthday gift for my wife. I need to find an ATM machine nearby, for a withdrawal. I also to make a transfer from from my savings to checking account please.
OK Sir. I can certainly help you with both of those things. first of all I'll go ahead and give you some local ATMs near your location first and then we'll go into your account and set up that transfer for you.
All right. Sounds good.
OK sir. So could you give me your current location including the city, state and ZIP code?
Yes. My current location is thirty-nine fifty-seven North Bend Street, Chicago, Illinois, six one six oh five.
OK so you gave me thirty-nine fifty-seven North Bend Street in Chicago, Illinois ZIP code six one six oh five?
Yes.
OK Sir. Give me just one moment while I look up that address. So I can locate a couple a ATMs nearby you.
All right. Thank you.
All right sir. can I get your first and last name please?
Yes. My first name Dale. Last name Walker.
OK.
OK, Mr. Walker, I just want to know exactly who I'm talking to right now.
All right.
OK Sir. So Mr. Walker I've located three ATM locations nearby that address there they're less than half a mile away from you. So you should be able to get to them pretty quickly. OK. You wanna take these down right quick?
OK.
yes. I'll do that.
OK Sir. That first location is at eight one nine North Thelma Drive.
OK.
OK Sir and that ATM is located outside of the branch. So you can access that twenty-four hours a day.
All right.
Cool.
Mm OK. This next ATM location is at eight twenty-four Scotts Lane.
All right.
That is located inside a lobby of one of our branches. So it actually is accessible until five p.m. today.
OK. Got it.
OK. So and this next location is at five sixty-three East Pinporg Drive.
OK.
OK. This location is twenty-four hours as well. It's located outside our branch, but it is not a drive-up. ATM is a walk-up.
Oh OK.
All right Sir. So you also wanted to make a transfer from your account?
Yes.
OK. I'll need to get a little information from you before I can go ahead and process that request.
All right.
OK. To verify you said your first and last name was Mr. Dale Walker?
Yes Maim.
OK Sir. Could you giver me your date of birth please?
yes. My date of birth is ten thirty-first nineteen seventy-four.
OK. You said your birthday was ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK. And for authentication purposes, could I get your driver's license number please?
Yes. My driver and license number is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK. So you gave that number six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes Maim. That's correct.
OK. Thank you so much Mr. Walker and for security purposes, could I get your mother's maiden name please?
Yes. My mother's maiden name is Wilson.
OK. So yes Sir. I have that on file. Mother's maiden name is Wilson. All right Sir. Is that account you wanted to make a transfer from your checking or savings?
checking.
From my checking. hold on. Wait a minute. From my savings I believe.
OK Sir. So you want to make a transfer from your savings to your checking?
Yes.
All right. Give me just one moment while I I. It's going to your account. Could you give that saving account number please Sir?
the savings account number is five three nine two eight. sorry about that. Wrong number. It's five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero.
OK Sir. To verify that number is five one four eight one nine nine two nine zero?
Yes.
OK. Give me just one moment while I look up that account information.
OK.
All right Mr. Walker looks like you have a current balance of four thousand three hundred and forty-two dollars in you saving account. Exactly how much were you wanting to transfer today?
probably just two hundred.
OK. So you wanted to transfer two hundred out of this savings into your checking account?
Yes, please.
OK Sir.
And this is your internal account with this bank?
Yes.
All right Sir. Could you give me that account number please?
Yes. Five one four three three six. Seven zero seven zero.
OK Sir. To verify that number was five one four three three six seven zero seven zero?
Yes Maim.
OK Sir. Give me just one moment while I handle your request.
All right. Whew. That woman's gonna be fifty-seven years old.
Oh well congratulations, sir. That's great.
Been married about twenty years and it seem like it's still just five.
Oh that's wonderful to hear, sir. I've only been married for five years now so.
Oh you know you over the hump yet now man.
Oh, no, we.
We've got a long way to go.
Yes you do.
All right Sir. Looks like I've already gone ahead and processed that a request for you. That is immediate. So you should have two hundred in that account extra. So you can go ahead and do any transactions you need to do today.
OK.
All right Mr. Walker is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be it.
All right. Thank you so much for giving us a call to get today again. My name was Leslie. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day Sir.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Becky. How can I help you?
I thought this was Bank of Portland.
We used to be Bank of Portland and the we were acquired about six months ago by Intellibank which is able to. Yeah. it's actually a really good thing for our customers. It provides many more ATMs and access all around the nation.
Oh, gotcha.
OK.
Well it's a good thing you guys don't aren't just Intelli cuz then I would get you mixed up with Intel and I know you guys don't do internet.
we well we are on the the web. We have.
Do you.
Provide internet?
No, we do not provide internet but we do have a.
Well then what does?
That do for me?
I don't know did can I help you with something?
Yeah. so I recently just came into some money and you know my last bank was just charging me so many fees and I'm just tired of it. So I I'm just looking at my options I guess.
Mhm.
Mhm.
OK. So did you want to maybe open an account with us? We do have a excellent savings account which provides the best interest rate for funds in the Portland metro area.
Yeah. I I I will probably want a checking account so that I can start using you guys for my debit because I just I kept getting fees on my charges and that's what I don't like.
OK. All right. I'd be more than happy to help you with that. Can let's get started opening up a checking account for you. Can I get your name please?
Yeah. It's Karerin Huxlley. Not Huxtables. I'm not with the Cosby's you know. I definitely not into that show anymore. I was when I was younger but it's you know. It's been a while and from what I hear it's not a great situation anymore. So please don't think of the Huxtables when you think of me. Huxlley.
Huxlley. OK. And Karen is that spelt K A R E N?
No. It is K A R E R I N because my mother is eccentric like that.
OK. And how do you spell Huxlley?
Yes it's H U X L L E Y and once again not Huxtable.
Thank you for that. And your date of birth?
Yes it's two eighteen nineteen eighty-two. I'm getting a little up there but I'm not loving it. my social security number is also.
Oh, yes.
Thank you. Just one second. Let me get that. OK. Yes. Your social?
one seven nine three nine five six eight two. My driver's license number is six six one seven five four two oh R. And maiden name is Smairte and my address is.
OK. One mo~
One moment please. This is all information I need. let me ask you did you want to set up a security question on your account?
Oh why not.
OK. Did you want to use your maiden name?
Sure. I love my maiden name. It's Smart. And you know I have to say it fits well because I'm pretty dang smart.
OK.
Is that S M A R T?
No. That's actually S M A I R T E. I know it sounds like Smairte but it's actually Smairte. I'm from France.
Oh that's neat. You you are from France or your family?
My father is but you know sometimes I get that accent.
I see. Yeah. That's a nice accent. I like that accent.
Yeah.
OK. So I've got your security answered and OK now I will take your address.
Oh OK. I just moved here. So it's one eight six nine South Seventy-Second Street Portland, Oregon nine seven zero zero seven.
OK. Thank you very much. And you said you wanted to set up a checking account?
Yes. I I don't need to save this money. I am ready to spend it. My grandpa died so he left me some estate and I just sold it cuz I don't wanna live in Bend. Too too much snow. but yeah. It was a big house so lots of money.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Mhm.
All right. OK. Well let's go ahead and get that so your account now is all set up and in order to deposit funds did you want to wire them from another account or did you want to go into a branch and deposit it that way?
You know do I need to wire it or?
You don't need to
What?
Do you suggest?
Well did you get a check from the title insurance company with your with the with the funds that you received from your sale of your grandfather's house?
I don't know. I just wanted the money. I don't look at it.
Did they did they how did they give you the money?
I think it's a check but I just went and cashed it cuz you know I I wanted to buy some clothes.
Oh OK. So it's cash. OK so you would need to take that into a nearby branch. And let's see here. You are in Portland. looks like there is a branch very close to you on Morrison Street. Would you like the address?
you know I have GPS cuz I I am caught up with the Apple so I can just search it I believe and it will give me the address and even if I don't make it to the Morrison one I've seen some other branches. I'll find my way around it. You know it's it's not like France with these crazy street names.
Mhm.
OK.
Yeah. OK. Well great. So your account is is set up. It has a zero balance. You do need to deposit at least twenty dollars into it by the end of business today.
OK.
In order to for this to stay an open account. is there anything else that I can help you with?
OK.
you know I think you have helped me with all my questions today.
Great. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank for your checking account needs. If there's anything I can help you with feel free to give us a call back and we're also online at Intellibank dot com. Have a great day.
Oh great. Thank you so much. You are so sweet.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers, this is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes, I think I need to dispute a transaction on my account.
OK, I can do that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
Jill's fine.
Thank you, Jill. So, you want to dispute a transaction on one of your accounts, is that a checking, savings or credit account?
It's a checking.
OK. All right Jill, I'm gonna need to get just some information from you real quick. Can you tell me what your account number is or your social security number?
I'm not really sure, to be honest. My account number, I think, is three four six zero two nine nine eight.
OK, and how about your social security number?
Oh, That's eight six four zero nine eight seven six five.
OK, so the account number was not correct, but the social was correct Jill, what was also your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
OK, and it looks like you have an account security question. So, could you also tell me the city you were born in?
My God, it's Tolleson, I think or it might have even been Maiken.
OK, Jill, that unfortunately is not the correct answer.
Can you give me like a clue? Like, I created that question a really long time ago and I don't really remember.
I I'm unfortunately not able to give you a clue, but it does look like you also have a four digit pin code on your account for security purposes. Do you happen to know what that account number, I'm sorry, what that pin number is?
Oh my God, Oh Geez. It's the last four of my social isn't it? Eight seven six five.
No, I'm sorry that is not correct.
Is it two two one four?
No, Jill, I'm afraid that is not correct either. unfortunately, if I'm not able to an if I'm if I'm not able to get those answers for the security questions verified then I'm gonna be unable to share any account information with you to process this dispute. Would you be able to maybe look up that information somewhere? Possibly like on a birth certificate? I can wait on the line while you look that information up?
Oh, God. My mom has my birth certificate and she's on a cruise in the Atlantic right now, so I don't even think I can get a hold of her. and there's no, there's like really no way that I can dispute something without having to answer all of these questions?
Jill, so yes there is. If you'd like to, you can go to one of our local branches and provide a valid photo ID in person. then they can also process that dispute at that bank for you, once that ID is provided. they can also, once they if you provide them with your ID, they can also help you to reset those security questions so they can have them set to something that you can remember.
OK, so I can do all that in person then?
Yeah, you can do that at any Intellibank branch. I'm gonna go ahead and note our conversation on this account as well so whenever you you do go in they will have that information up and know what's going on, as far as those security questions were concerned.
I mean I'm glad that you have the security on the account and all but just stinks I can't make a dispute today, and there's possibly fraud on my account.
Yeah, I I completely understand and I wish there was something I could do to help you but unfortunately, because of the the security that we put in place for Intellibank to make sure somebody doesn't get your information we have to be able to verify your account with you and without those, I mean I know that you provided your your date of birth and your social security number, but unfortunately we we we wanna go with an extra level of security to make sure that your account is safe, and that's why we have that pin and that security question on there for those kind of measures.
OK, I guess, I mean I understand, but I don't understand.
I know, I I I apologize again, but I do want to let you know that all of our branches should be open until five p.m. today. So, if you're available today you can go to any of those locations and make that transaction in per person, OK?
OK, well I guess I will have to do that. I mean I I guess I'll go in person, that will be fine. I just want to get it taken care of and make sure no one's using my card. So, you can't flag anything right now? can't flag my account as fraud at all right now, without me giving you that pin?
No, unfortunately I cannot. I have put the notes in there so it once you go into the location today, they should be able to pull that information up and know immediately what it is that you're trying to call or what you're coming in there for. And be able to get that resolved for you, and again I'm sorry I was not able to help you with that dispute today. but is there anything else I can maybe do?
Have so, you said they're all open til five?
Can you tell me what the nearest location is for me?
Yeah, give me just one second. So, it looks like the nearest location for you is two thirteen, Donovan Lane and that's in Kansas City, Missouri. so, it's two thirteen Donovan Lane in Kansas City and it looks like that's in the Wilshire the Wilshire building which is looks like it's a little strip mall. Are you familiar with that area?
Yes, I think I know where that's at does it intersect on Donovan and Hill?
Let me look here at the map. Yes, it looks like it's right on the corner of Donovan and Hill.
All right, then I know where I'm going.
OK, Jill well thank you again and is there anything else I can help you with today, before I disconnect with ya?
No, I think that's fine. I'm gonna go ahead and head over there now to get it taken care of.
All right Jill, well thank you for choosing in Intellibank and good luck with everything, OK? You enjoy your day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Lisa, how can I help you today?
Hi! I need to pay for a car out of my account.
OK, you're buying a new car?
well it's used but I'm buying it from a car lot.
OK. And they would like you to make a wire transfer to pay for that that car?
Yes, that's right.
OK. I can help you with that. I need to get some information from you first. Do you have an account with us already?
Yes, I do.
OK. And your first and last name is?
Pamela Couch.
Great. And your date of birth?
It's August second, nineteen sixty.
OK. And I need your address and phone number, please.
My address is one eight four two Woodvine. That's W O O D, V like Victor I N E.
Thank you.
And that street is Fairpoint, Ohio four five three two four.
Is there possibly an apartment number listed with that?
Yes, H two.
Thank you. And your phone number again?
Is nine three seven five three two five five seven nine.
Awesome. And then, I need to get two more things to verify your identity. First one's gonna be your authenticating ID number.
well that's my driver's license number. It's D L five four two nine one six.
Thank you for that. And then the answer to your security question, It could be your pet's name or your mother's maiden name.
my mother's maiden name is Winn.
W I N N?
Yes.
Thank you for that, I was able to verify your information. Now can you give me the account number? Since you have two accounts with us I need the account number that you'll like to withdraw the funds from.
It is three five six seven zero eight nine.
Thank you. And the routing number on that account?
The routing number. This is hard to read but it looks like one one zero two four one.
Yeah. That's right, thank you. All right. So let's talk about this transfer, how much is the cost of the car?
This is nine thousand.
Nine thousand, OK. And it looks like you have enough in your account to transfer nine thousand out. So we . Right now you have twenty thousand in your account and after that nine thousand transfer and the fee, you will have nine thousand and eighty left.
OK.
Does that sound correct?
How much is the fee?
Twenty dollars.
OK.
Is that OK with you?
That's fine.
OK. So this is a domestic transfer within the United states or is it an international transfer?
It's here within the United States.
OK, I figured as much but I have to ask. So go ahead and give me the name of the bank that you would like it to go to.
I'd like it to go to Ohio Federal Bank.
All right, and do you have their routing number by chance?
Yes, it is five six zero seven zero one one.
OK. And their account number is?
could you hold on just a minute?
Sure.
Sir, what's your account number? OK, ma'am, it's four five six zero five nine.
Great, thank you. It's easier when they're right there to help you, huh?
Yeah.
Good. OK. So I'm gonna initiate this transfer today but the transfer won't actually occur until Monday the eleventh.
Oh no! I've gotta have this right away because I don't have transportation to work.
Oh! That's not good. OK. Well, I can put you on hold and ask a manager if we can expedite it for you. I can't promise, but I can definitely ask.
Yeah, definitely ask.
All right, hold on just a minute, please.
Ms. Couch, are you still holding?
Yes.
OK. I talked to my manager and he is going to go ahead and expedite the transfer out today, however, there will be an an expedited fee of forty dollars. Is that something you're willing to do?
Forty dollars, is that in addition to the twenty?
No, that will just be forty all together.
OK, that's fine.
OK. So we'll go ahead and initiate it now and it will be done at the end of the business day, today at five o'clock.
OK, thank you.
Thank you, welcome. That's the fastest we can do it.
OK.
All right. So looks like we got that all set up but I need to read the numbers back to you just to verify it for myself before I send it through.
OK.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
OK, we're sending this money from Intellibank and your routing number is one one zero two four one one .
OK.
And the account number is three five six seven zero eight nine, does that sound right?
Yes, they're both correct.
All right, and we're sending ten thousand dollars today? OK. And it's going to Ohio Federal Bank?
Yes.
Wait a minute, it's nine thousand dollars.
Nine thousand. OK. I'm sorry, lemme change that. Thank you. So I have it set for nine thousand and it's going to Ohio federal Bank.
Yes.
And the routing number is five six zero seven zero one.
That's right.
And the account number is four five six five zero nine.
That's correct.
OK. So I went ahead and initiated that transfer, it should be done by five o'clock.
OK.
Now I need to ask, do you have online banking set up with us?
No, I don't.
OK. So one of the options to do wire transfer instead of calling, if you're frustrated with the wait time would be to do it in online banking. Can I go over really quick how you should set that up?
OK.
Yeah, sure.
OK. So you're gonna go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and click on online banking at the top of the page.
OK.
And then has an option for sign up new account.
OK.
And you will need your basic information, your name, your address, your phone number, and then it will ask you for your authenticating ID and security questions like you gave me at the beginning of this call.
OK.
And the account number. One of the. Just one of your account numbers to set it up.
OK.
It doesn't matter which one. And then it'll process that after you hit submit and then you'll have access to your account balances, you can make transfers, and on the transfer tab off the top of the page, it will give you the option for a wire transfer there too.
OK.
So unfortunately, you'll have to call if you wanna expedite it but for a regular wire transfer, the option is right there on the page.
Is that free if I do it that way?
It's still a twenty dollar fee.
Oh! I see.
but it might be quicker than waiting on hold for the phone. E. Either way, you're welcome to call.
OK.
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, not today.
All right. Well, I hope you enjoy your new car.
OK, thank you.
You're welcome. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Megan. And how may I help you today?
Hey Megan. How are you doing today?
I'm doing just fine ma'am, and how about yourself?
I'm doing great thank you. I was actually calling to see if I could transfer some money from my savings account into my checking account.
Yes ma'am, I'd be more than happy to help you with that. First let me get a little bit of information from you so I can pull up your account. May I have your first and last name please?
Sure. It's Lilly L I L L Y Richie R I C H I E.
Thank you Miss Richie. May I also have your date of birth please?
Sure, it's June the sixth, nineteen ninety-one.
Alright I have June the sixth, nineteen ninety one. And may I have your driver's license number please?
Sure it's M as in Mary seven seven eight two six five six three four eight five.
Alright I have M as in Mary, seven seven eight two six five six three four eight five.
Yes ma'am that's correct.
Thank you. And may I have the savings account number you would like to withdraw the money from, please?
Sure. Let's see that is zero two six four eight three three five two.
All right, that was zero two six four eight three three five two?
Yes ma'am that's correct.
Thank you, and how much would you like to transfer into your checking?
a sorry. A thousand dollars please.
All right so a thousand dollars from your savings into your checking. And may I have that checking account number please ma'am?
Sure absolutely. It is two six one nine eight two four seven eight. And after you get that transferred, could I check the the available balances in both. Or I guess the new balances for both of those accounts?
Yes ma'am absolutely, just one moment while I get this transferred for you.
OK great. Thank you.
Yes ma'am.
All right Miss Richie I do have that transferred over for you. And do you want to check the checking account first or the savings account?
Oh it doesn't matter. Either or.
All right. Let's go ahead and do that checking account. And just to double check that was the checking account number two six one nine eight two four seven eight?
Yes ma'am that's correct.
All right just one moment, let me pull up that balance for you.
OK.
All right Miss Richie that new balance is gonna be two thousand four hundred ninety eight dollars and twelve cents.
OK. Twenty-four ninety-eight twelve.
Yes ma'am.
OK, great.
All right are you ready to check the savings account balance?
Yes ma'am.
All right and just one more time to verify, that was savings account number zero two six four eight three three five two.
Yes ma'am.
All right, just one moment, let me pull up that new balance for you.
OK great. Thank you.
Yes ma'am. All right Miss Richie I do have that new balance as eight thousand four hundred twelve dollars and eighty five cents.
Alright so eight eighty four twelve eighty five?
Yes ma'am that is correct.
OK great. Now is this the only way that I can do the transfers or I mean I know I can go into the branch locations but besides doing that is there any other way that I can do this?
Why yes ma'am. Actually you can go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com and you can use our free online online banking to be able to do that and you can also check your balances, all your transaction history, and you can apply for credit cards if you'd like. But if you would like I I'd be more than happy to help you set that account up.
no ma'am but thank you for that information. I'll go on there and set the account up later.
All right Miss Richie. Well is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No ma'am you've been very helpful, Megan. Thank you so much.
Yes ma'am and thank you for calling Intellibank, and you have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Ashley, how may I help you today?
Hi, I'm calling because I'd like to open an account.
OK, I'll certainly be happy to help you with that. just give me one moment and I'll bring my system up here so I can start that process for you.
Great, thank you. How has your day been so far?
Oh, it's been pretty good. I can't complain. it's Wednesday, hump day so you know, almost over, in the middle and I have a a date tonight with my husband so that's something to look forward to.
Ooh, definitely.
All right,
OK. All right and how did you hear about our bank.
Actually, my mother has an account with you guys and I've been having a lot of problems with my bank so she told me to call you guys and open an account with you
Oh really?
Just been yeah, it's just been one problem after another.
Apparently, someone hacked into my card right after Christmas and the fraud hotline called me to let me know.
But they said they were gonna refund all the charges. They knew it wasn't me. You know, all that fun stuff that comes after.
Oh my goodness.
Wow, I'm sorry to hear about that. Well, definitely won't have that issue with us.
so, I'll be happy to get this started for you. All right, so in order to open up account just need to gather some information from you.
so let's start off first with your first and last name please.
My name is Hailey Parker.
Thank you and what is your date of birth?
Four fifteen eighty-nine.
And my social is five nine two seven seven nine nine eight eight.
OK, perfect. Thank you let me just recap that information. So your date of birth I have April fifteenth nineteen eighty-nine.
Social is five nine two seven seven nine eight eight.
Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
OK, all right and what type of bank account are you looking to open up? checking or savings account?
for now I just wanna open a checking account.
OK, absolutely we can definitely do that. now for security purposes, we do just have to set up a security question on the account. We do that for all of our clients.
A lot of people do the most popular is your first pet and your mother's maiden name. Did you wanna go ahead and do those or choose something else?
Oh, that'll be perfect.
OK, all right so what is your first pet then?
Jenkins.
And that's J E N K I N S.
Thank you and your mother's maiden name?
Ruggers and that one is R U G G E R S.
OK, perfect.
All right, so we got all that information in here so when you call, anytime you call or over the phone, you'll be asked for that information just for verification purposes cause we like to keep our accounts super secure.
All right, so.
That's appreciated.
Absolutely. It might be a pain in the butt but it's definitely worth it to make sure no one's hacking into your account, you know?
Oh yeah and especially not around a holiday.
Exactly, so we offer our simple checking savings account. it has no monthly fees no minimum that needs to be in there, no maximum needs to be in there and it only costs fifty dollars it's only fifty dollars to open it. You can put more if you want but it has to be at least fifty to open the account.
So would you like to, do you have that, to go ahead and transfer in there?
I do. And you said there's no monthly fees?
OK.
Correct. Yeah, there's no monthly fees, we don't charge for withdrawals from the ATM, we don't charge for debit transactions.
You know, no like monthly maintenance fees or anything like that so it's completely free checking.
Absolutely.
Perfect.
All right.
I'm ready.
OK.
All right so what you would need to do then is we got this all set up. So you would just need to go and make a deposit at one of our branches.
and what I would like to do is go ahead and and tell you about our online banking service if you'd like to hear about it.
Absolutely, I do most of my banking online or through apps.
OK, all right perfect, so you would go online to Intellibank dot com or go to the app store and download the Intellibank app.
You create a username and password. They're gonna ask you for some personal information much like how I asked you and once you get your check checkbook in the mail that has your routing number and your checking account number.
We will you can go ahead and enter that information to in order to start your account and actually they might be able when you go into the branch. I'm pretty sure, I'd have to double check on that.
but they might be able to give you a checking in checking routing number there. but if not, you'll definitely get it in the mail.
so that'll be much easier for you to be able to conveniently check your checking account, do transfers, different things of that nature. OK.
All right, so you're all set up here so when you go online to the when you go online to the website or through the app you'll actually be able to put in your location information and it'll bring up the branch that's closest to you.
That was actually gonna be my next question.
Yes.
I know where the one closest to my mom is but not to me.
Yeah, so it'll it'll tell you right, you know, based on your location the closest one to you and most of the branches are open nine to five Monday through Fridays. Some are open on Saturday from I believe it's nine to two.
OK and when they say where the branches are, do they tell you whether it's walk up or drive thru, ATMs?
Yes, when you do when you are looking for that, yeah, it has like little symbols on there and it tells you like what each symbol means.
So it'll definitely tell you all about that when you're ready to use the ATMs.
Mhm.
OK, perfect. Thank you so much.
You're welcome, is there anything else that I can assist you today Ms. Parker?
No ma'am, that's all.
All righty, well thank you very much for calling Intellibank and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too, thank you.
Thank you, bye bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intelli Bank today. How can I help you?
Hello. I'd like to separate my expenses my expenses to different checking accounts.
Sure so would you like to open a new account then?
Yes, I'd like to open a new account.
Alright, no problem. First I will gather some information for you so we can go ahead and create that account. Can I get your name and date of birth, please?
OK my name is Charlene and my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
All right, thank you, Charlene. Can I also get let's see.
How how is your day going?
Oh, my days going very well thank you. How's your day going?
My day is coming up well.
that's good that's good to hear.
Yeah.
OK and can I also get the last four of your social security?
OK I will check. Let me get the card out.
OK.
OK.
Last the last digit are eight six six.
Mhm.
Seven five.
Alright, thank you so much for that. Alright So first can I ask you what kind of account would you like? Would like checkings or a savings account?
Checkings.
OK.
Sure thing and also can I ask for your current account number?
OK my current account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
Alright.
And my credit card number is four nine two nine three eight one three two seven five five two two two four oh.
Alright, thank you so much for that.
OK.
So for this new account your going to need a security question. Which will be asked of you every time you try to log in. It's to make sure your account stays secure. So I will give you two options that you could choose from and you could tell me which question you can choose for yourself. So the first one will ask for your mother's maiden name and the second will ask for the name of your first pet. So which one would like to choose?
Uh-huh.
I'll choose my mother's maiden name.
OK sure.
It's easier to remember.
Of course, so let me get that information then. What is your mother's maiden name?
Taylor.
Taylor?
Yes.
So is that T A Y L O R?
L O A R.
OK sure thing. I'm just recording that information on my end.
Uh-huh. And do have a return card?
Return card? Oh did you mean rewards card?
Yeah, a rewards card actually.
Yes, we do actually have that. so a rewards is a card that you will get rewards anytime you use it to to spend or anytime you use for a transaction and there's more information on that card on our website and you can also apply to to online to see if you can get accepted.
Well OK.
Alright so I see your new account has been created.
Uh-huh.
would you like information on the other types of accounts you can open?
not really I just do have queries on the new account.
Sure.
I was wondering so how soon or when will I be able to access it?
You should be able to access it right away all the information will be sent to your email address. And you can use the same username and password you used for your old one to access the new one.
Oh so in that case then that mean I can also use my my former credit card or will I need to also get the new credit for the new account?
so if you would like to use your other account you would have to issue you yourself a new credit card.
Oh. And is is this the.
And
No, it'll have to be a different one unfortunately but you can go to your new account online and it's very easy and you can just fill out a little form and it will issue you your new card to your address.
Oh OK.
Yeah and would like help with anything else today?
No that's it for today.
Alright, thank you so much for calling Intelli Bank.
Well, thank you so much for your help.
Have a great day.
You too.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lisa. How may I help you today?
Hi. Is this the bank that offers that traveler's card?
That I saw on television?
We do offer a traveler's credit card. Yes sir. Would you like to apply for that today?
Well, I'll apply for it later, but the reason why, the main reason why I called today is I wanted to open up a bank account with you guys.
Oh, I'd be more than happy to help you with that. What type of account would you like to open?
checking and savings.
Checking and savings. All right.
Yeah.
Let's let me get you to please I need your name, first and last name.
it's Daniel Corson.
C O R S O N.
Thank you, Daniel.
And your address, please?
OK. Well I have two different addresses right now, because I just moved. So the one on my drivers license is forty-three seventeen Perry Street.
OK.
but the, the address I just moved into is ten seventy-five Deer Cove Avenue.
And that's Midlands, Texas. And the ZIP code is seven nine seven five six.
Which would you consider your permanent address?
Well yes the, the new address is the permanent one. So ten seven five Deer Cove Avenue.
OK. Are you receiving permanent mail there yet?
Yes.
OK. Great. And your telephone number, please?
its four three two eight nine four one nine six six.
Thank you.
Let me read that back to you. Daniel Corson, one zero seven five Deer Cove Drive.
Midlands, Texas, seven nine seven five six. Is that correct?
Yes it is.
Telephone number four three two, eight nine four, one nine six six. Is that correct?
Yes, yes it is.
Great. OK. Can I please have your social security number?
OK. My social is eight one three seven zero five four one nine.
Thank you. Eight one three, seven zero, five four one nine.
Yes.
Thank you. And your email address, please?
OK. That's Daniel L Corson at NetAid dot com. That's N E T A I D dot com.
Thank you. Daniel L Corson at NetAid dot com.
D A N I E L L C O R S O N at NetAid dot com.
OK. I will need your state issued ID or driver's license, please.
OK. My driver's license number is C six one four dash seven three three dash seven zero dash six six six dash zero.
Thank you. C six one four seven three three seven zero six six six zero. Is that correct?
Yes it is.
Thank you. And your date of birth?
January twenty-seventh nineteen seventy.
Thank you. And you'd like to open a checking and a savings account, correct?
Yes please.
OK. I just have one more question for you before we get that going.
I need I need to pick a security question. I need you to pick a security question. And give me the answer that we can keep on file so we make sure that your get the highest security here.
I'm gonna give you a, a couple of options, and you let me know when you hear one that you like. what is the name of your first pet?
What street did you grow up on?
What is your mother's maiden name?
What is your favorite song?
Any of those sound appealing?
Yeah, I'll use the the street that I grew up on.
All right. Street that you grew up on. And what is the street that you grew up on?
It's Hollow Hills, with an S, Avenue.
Hollow Hills. All right. We have that.
Sounds good. bear with me here for just a moment while I get everything entered and get your account numbers.
So how's your day been?
It's been pretty great. How's yours been?
Oh, I'm good.
I've just been at home all day.
It's actually great when I hear people are seeing our commercials and, and, you know, getting the word out.
I love hearing that.
Yeah, the traveler's card sounded interesting to me.
Oh it has some really great benefits. When you receive all this information about your new accounts you'll be getting some information on how to apply, and details all those benefits.
OK. That sounds.
Yeah just just read through it, apologies for that. OK. I have your new account numbers.
Do you have a pen?
Yes. Give me one second.
OK. I'm ready.
OK. Your checking account number is seven eight, zero zero, one two, three six seven nine. And your savings account number is seven eight, zero zero, one two three, six two seven.
OK.
You're gonna be receiving your debit card in seven to ten business days. So keep an eye on the mail for that.
I can either take a deposit today, we can do a transfer from one of your other accounts into this new account.
Or you can wait and deposit the money once you receive your card. What would you like to do?
I'll just wait until I receive the card, before I transfer any money over.
OK. No problem. So you have all the information that you need for now. Be looking out for that pack from the bank. We welcome you to our family.
Intellibank is, is grateful to have you. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No. That's all good.
All right. well again, my name is Lisa.
thank you for your time today. And have a great day.
OK. Thank you, Lisa. You too.
Thank you.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Alicia, and how may I assist you today?
Hey, Alicia. How are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well, ma'am, and how about yourself?
Well, I was doing great actually, until the mail came. And I got my credit card statement in the mail, and I was looking it over. And there's a charge on here that I did not make.
All right, ma'am. I would be more than happy to look into that for you. I do need to get a little bit of information from you first so I can pull up your account.
OK. What do you need?
May I have your first and last name please, ma'am?
Sure. It's Jennifer Hornsby H O R N S B Y.
All right, Miss Hornsby. And that was H O R N S B Y?
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you, and may I have your date of birth, please?
Sure. It's August the twenty-fifth nineteen fifty-eight.
All right. So August the twenty-fifth nineteen fifty-eight. And may I have your driver's license number, please?
Sure. It's S three eight nine four one seven eight five zero four two.
All right. I have S three eight nine four one seven eight five zero four two?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
Thank you, and I also do have a security question on file for you. What street did you grow up on as a kid?
that would be Jane Street.
All right. Thank you, Miss Hornsby, for that. Now may I have the credit card number that you would like us to be checking into today?
Oh sure. It is. Let's see. Five five nine zero eight seven zero four nine six nine zero one five nine seven.
All right. So I have five five nine zero eight seven zero four nine six nine zero one five nine seven?
Yes, ma'am, that's correct.
Thank you, Miss Hornsby. Now I'm pulling up your transaction history on that card right now. What is the date that you last remember using your card on?
it was probably on the twenty-seventh of last month. I took my grandson down to Big Bill's Skateboards to get him a new skateboard. That boy absolutely loves to skate.
Aww. Well that is so nice of you, Miss Hornsby. Now that was on September the twenty-seventh twenty twenty one at Big Bill's Skateboards?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct, and the charge that I did not make. It was made the following day it seems. for almost two thousand dollars with Microsoft. Well, one thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents And definitely did not make that, although I really could use a new computer. But it's not a good time
Oh, I understand that completely. Let me check into that Yes. We are showing that charge of one thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents made to the Microsoft Corporation on September the twenty-eighth. Now, what we can do is we can go ahead and send a request over to our fraud team for getting the start on an investigation. And I can't give you an actual timeline of how long that investigation will take. But usually it will be completed within about two weeks. And they'll give you a call and let you know the results of that. But I'm going to go ahead and mark this right here as being a fraudulent charge, and what I can do is go ahead and cancel this credit card right here for you. And we can process you a new one and mail that out to you.
Oh OK. Yeah, that will be great.
All right. Let me go ahead and send this request on over to the fraud team. Just one moment, please.
OK. Thank you.
Yes, ma'am.
All right, Miss Hornsby. I do have that sent on over to them now. I do need to verify your address to where we need to send your new card to.
OK. we are at four twenty-three Heaven Street. Heaven. Well like H E A V E N Street And that is in Norcross N O R C R O S S Georgia.
All right. So I have four twenty-three Heaven Street in Norcross Georgia. Was that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. Thank you, Miss Hornsby. Now this will take about seven to ten business days for it to arrive. And whenever it does arrive there will be a little sticker on the card with the phone number. Just call that phone number and follow all the prompts that you get. And that will get the new card activated for you.
OK. Thank you.
Is there anything else that I can help you with today, Miss Hornsby?
No, ma'am. That will be all. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
Yes ma'am, and thank you so much for calling Intellibank. You have a wonderful day.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie, how may I help you today?
yes, hi. I'm in a clothing store and the debit card machine is down.
All right, sir. I can give you a few close by ATM machines. Would that be useful?
A yes yes. Thank you. Thank you. That would help me very much.
All right, sir. That way you can just make you a nice debit and pay for it in cash that way that machine won't be a hassle for you anymore.
So
Appreciate that.
OK sir. could you give me your first and last name please?
My first name is Dale, my last name is Walker.
All right Mr. Walker, could you give me that address for that location?
yes, I certainly can. it's four nine eight Bowman Road. Jeff, Illinois. six two eight four two and Geff with G E F F.
All right. So that is four ninety-eight Bowman Road. In Geff, Illinois at ZIP code six two eight four two.
yes, it is.
All right. Thank you, sir. Give me just one moment while I look up any nearby ATMs within that close by that location.
All right.
Take your time now.
OK, sir. Looks like we actually have two nearby ATMs that are within walking distance.
OK.
OK. We also have three that are located about half a mile away so in case those ATMs won't be helpful or useful to you. You can go ahead and make a quick drive and then you can get back to your day.
All right.
All right. Take a bow.
All right, sir. That first location is at nine fifty-nine Corona Avenue.
All right.
That should be looks like it's right across the street from that address.
OK. I've got that.
OK. That is a ATM that closes. That's within a branch so it closes at five.
At five? All right.
Yes, sir.
The hours are from nine a.m. to five p.m. daily.
OK. Got that.
OK, so the next one is at one Marlborough M A R L B O R O U G H Avenue.
That one is a twenty-four hour ATM. it's still located within the branch lobby but that lobby is left open. The branch itself closes at nine.
All right.
OK. I got that.
OK, sir. The next these these are also close by like half an hour but they are not within walking distance.
So we have one at ninety-one seventy-three Cannon Avenue.
That Yes, sir. C A N N O N.
That one. That one there.
All right. Got that.
That one is located inside a lobby as well.
And, that lobby closes at five p.m. daily.
OK. Five p.m..
OK, the next one I have on file here is at sixty-one White Lane.
Sixty-one. You said White Lane?
Yes, sir. White. W H I T E.
All right.
OK. Thought you said wide. All right.
That one's located outside sir. That is a drive-up and walk-up. So that one's twenty-four hours.
OK.
All right. Thank you.
And the next one, this last one, is at six oh two Duke Drive.
OK.
Also within a mile.
Duke Drive.
And, it is also a twenty-four hour.
OK.
And it's only walk-up access, sir. There's no drive-thru for that one.
OK. And how's the fees looking for these machines?
OK, sir. at these local branch ATMs there are no fees.
But, I do have one located that does have a fee. It's not with our local branch.
OK.
It's in walking distance as well.
OK. That's got to be the closest one to me?
yes, sir.
All right. I'll take that one.
OK, sir. That one is located at thirty-five Windsor Street.
Thirty-five Windsor Street.
Yes, sir. That is an outside ATM. Twenty-four access but there is a fee of anywhere from two to five dollars for use for outside non-network ATM sir.
OK. OK. That sounds fair. All right.
OK sir. Is that all for you today?
yes. Just looking here. Yes, I believe so.
All right sir. Thank you so much Mr. White for your time and patience. Again, my name was Leslie I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
All right. I sure thank you for your time too. And, you too.
Thank you sir. Bye bye.
All right. Bye bye.
Good evening. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Crystal. How may I help you today?
yes, hello Crystal. I would like to update some of my personal information. Basically my address.
OK. I can help you with that, sir. And what is your name?
it's James Frank.
OK, Mr. Frank. And, can you give me your date of birth?
It's nine one eighty-one.
OK and can you give me either your account number or an associated debit card number?
yes. The debit card number is four five five five six two two two three one one one eight nine nine nine.
All right. you also have a security question on your account. Could you give me the answer to that security question please?
yes. I believe it's Ferrari.
All right. OK, sir. I have your account pulled up. What information do you need updated?
I need to change my street address. so I am still located in Atlanta Georgia, but I need to change my address to four twenty Members Drive.
OK, four twenty Members Drive. And you said everything else is still the same? So it's still Atlanta Georgia three zero three three there for the ZIP code?
yes.
All right. Let me get that updated for you here. Give me one second.
and how are you doing today Crystal?
I'm doing fine. It's definitely been a long day. I'm actually working from home and my son has been a little sick today. So that's been fun. Luckily my husband has been able to tend to him a little bit.
Oh, how old is your son?
he's one years old.
Oh, wow. OK. That's that's awesome. I hope that he feels better.
Thank you. he seems to be doing a little bit better than he was earlier this weekend, so hopefully he's on the mend and we'll be able to get him back on his regular schedule pretty soon. But, thank you. Thank you so much for asking.
Sure. No problem. actually I have another question for you. can you tell me what kind of credit cards are available through Intellibank?
yes, sir. So we have traveler's cards, cash back rewards and then as well as our platinum, gold and silver cards. so our platinum card actually has no limit, no credit card limit. are you interested in applying for one of our credit cards today?
no not at this moment. I was just wondering you know, what products were available.
Yeah, no problem. whenever you are ready, just let us know. you could either call back and a representative could walk you through the application and then you could also apply via our mobile app.
OK. Thank you.
All right, Mr. Frank. So, I have updated your address to now show as four twenty Members Drive Atlanta Georgia, ZIP code zero three. I'm sorry, three zero three three three. you can also update any information regarding your account via our mobile app. do you have our mobile app set up?
actually no I don't. How would I go about doing that?
OK, yeah sure. so you can either download the. Well, you can download the Intellibank app either through the Google Play store if you have a Android or on the app store if you have an iPhone. you would just put in your account information and then set up your user name and password. And then from there all your account information will show up. So if you ever need to update your address or your phone number or anything like that, you can do it straight from the app and you don't have to call in.
OK. thank you. I will remember that for for next time.
All right. well is there anything else that I can do for you this evening, sir?
no. I believe that is it.
All right. Well thank you for calling Intellibank. You have a good rest of your evening.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank! This is John. How can I help you today?
Yes, John, I need to get some money to my daughter real quick like. Oh my God! She finally found the venue that she wanted for her wedding and it looks great! However, she needs a deposit today!
I definitely can help you with that. We can most likely just do a wire transfer. first things first though, can I get your name?
My name is Madaline. James.
How.
How would you spell the first name?
M A D A L I N E.
OK. Thank you Mrs. James. And can I get your date of birth?
My birthdate is zero three twenty-seven sixty-five.
March twenty-seventh nineteen sixty-five. OK I got that. And just for verification can I get your debit card info? Your debit card number that way I can look up your accounts?
And I don't have my debit card. I do have my account number will that be helpful?
The account number would work, yes.
OK. That's eight nine four seven seven two.
Eight nine four seven seven two and OK OK I got it right here. And just for security purposes, can I get the name of the street you grew up on?
Oh dear, you're making me think here. that was Patowski. I'm trying to remember the house number. One second. The house number was seven zero two Patowski Lane.
Patowski Lane. That is yep, that's right and congratulations on the wedding. Hopefully, we can get this set up for you.
That would be great.
And this is going to be domestic or is it international?
It's going to be domestic.
OK. We can do that. And is this going to be coming out of your checking account or the savings account?
The checking account number I gave you. The eight nine four seven seven two.
Eight nine four seven seven two. Yep. OK, we can do that. What I'll need for the transfer is the deposit routing number of the account you want it to go to.
Oh no, Where did I put that? Where did I put that? give me one second, I'm going to need to check my purse real quick like.
OK, not a problem. I'll be here when you're ready.
Thank you. One moment.
OK, I got it. the deposit routing number you said?
Need the routing number of the bank it's going to please.
OK.
That's zero seven nine four zero zero seven eight five.
OK, that was zero seven nine four zero zero seven eight five.
That's correct.
OK, and the account number?
Four nine seven five one zero.
Four nine seven five one zero. OK.
That would be correct.
Alright, and how much would you like to transfer?
I'm going to go ahead and geez she said she needed three hundred for the venue for that to start with. I'm going to go ahead and send her five hundred and fifty dollars.
OK, we'll get that entered in here. And there will be a fifteen dollar transfer fee.
OK.
If that's
Fine with you?
That's fine.
OK. I'll get that started here.
Can you tell me how long that will take to get to her account? Will it get to her today?
Well, looking at the system here, it looks like the transfer has been started. She should be able to get it within about six to eight hours. best bet just have her contact her to see if the deposit has come through. And once it has then she just has to verify her identity. And be able to pull that out.
Great, that's so great. OK.
And that should leave you in your checking account twelve hundred fifty dollars and thirty-one cents.
That's awesome. Wow! OK and could you please explain to me a little more about your traveler card?
Yeah, the traveler's account that is designed for people who do a lot of travel, anytime you book a hotel or take any flights or train you get extra points that you can use for later travel or hotel or reservations. And discounts.
OK, so that really wouldn't be one to have for like a one time thing. I was just looking for something that I could put like a little extra money on and put it aside for this wedding. Do you have any other type of card that that might?
You could probably just use, we do have the previous just like most stores will have you'd have prepaid cards you could use for short term. And all it would take is the activation fee of two dollars and ninety-five cents and then you, whatever money you put on there is available just like a regular debit card.
OK, maybe that will be something I can think about. Alright, well gee I don't. You said it would take between six and twelve hours for the transfer?
According to the system six to eight hours.
Six to eight hours. OK, well I guess that would be all I need for today.
Alright, anything else I can help you with?
Not that I can think of.
Alright, well, again congratulations on the wedding. I hope the venue is perfect for her.
Oh, I'm sure it would be.
And I will look forward to talking with you again.
OK, thank you.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Angel. How may I assist you today?
Hey, Angel. How are you doing today?
I'm doing just fine, ma'am. Thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
Well I was doing pretty good until I went to the grocery store, and I got to the checkout counter And I went to get my credit card to pay for everything, and it is not there. I went home. I searched everywhere. I can't find it. So I need I guess to report my credit card as lost and see what I need to do about I guess canceling that one and having a new one issued.
Alright, ma'am. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that today. Let's see. Let's go ahead and pull up your account and take a look at everything for you. May I have your first and last name please?
Sure! It's Alicia A L I C I A Kelly K E L L Y.
Thank you Miss Kelly. And may I also have your date of birth as well as your driver's license number please?
Sure! my date of birth is July the twenty-fifth nineteen eighty-six and my driver's license number is R as in Rover zero two zero seven six seven nine one two zero five
All right. So I have July the twenty-fifth nineteen eighty-six . And your license number is R as in Rover zero two zero seven six seven nine one two zero five. Was that correct?
Yes, ma'am, that's correct.
Alright. Thank you, Miss Kelly. And I do have a security question on file for you. May I have your mother's maiden name, please?
sure. It's Green.
Alright. Thank you, Miss Kelly. Now may I have the credit card number that's in question, please?
sure. It was sorry, I'm trying to find it here on my statement. It's five two one two nine one eight five eight two eight zero seven zero two. I'm sorry. Seven zero seven five.
Alright. Let me repeat that back to you just to make sure I have it correct. That was five two one two nine one eight five eight two eight zero seven zero seven five?
Yes, ma'am, that's correct.
Alright. Thank you. And what was the date that you last remember using it on?
on the eighth of October.
Thank you, ma'am. and what was the business name where you last used your card at?
I went to go and buy a toy for my nephew. It's an Acme toy. Sorry, I had to think of the name of it.
Oh that's no problem, ma'am. So Acme Toys on October the eighth of this year?
Yes, ma'am.
Alright. I was just checking the transaction history to make sure that there was no additional charges. And there have been no charges made after that. So we can go ahead and report this card as lost and we can go ahead and re-issue you another card. And it'll take about seven to ten business days before that is mailed to you. Will that be OK?
Oh, yeah. That will be great. Thank you so much.
Yes, ma'am. And I do need to go ahead and verify the address, where to send the new card.
sure. It is two forty-seven Westside W E S T S I D E Avenue in Newark, New Jersey.
Alright. I have two forty-seven Westside Avenue in Newark, New Jersey. Was that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
Alright. Just one moment please while I go ahead and process, and get your new card sent on out to you.
OK, great. Thank you.
Yes, ma'am.
Alright, Miss Kelly. I do have everything processed for you. And is there anything else that I can help you with today?
no, ma'am. I think that will just about do it.
Alright. Well thank you so much for calling Intellibank, Miss Kelly. You have a wonderful day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Mary. How can I help you today?
Hello this is Peter Davis I want to update my street address.
OK sir I would be glad to help you with that let me pull up the screen and let's get that started. OK your name again? I'm sorry. What was your name again? Peter Davis. OK, I need to get some identifying information from you to get that set up. For the address change, could you please provide me with your date of birth.
Peter Davis.
November fourth nineteen sixty-eight.
OK do you happen to have your driver's license handy? Or the last four of your social security number.
give me a second please. my driver's license is five zero zero two one four eight one.
So I've got five zero zero two one four eight one.
Correct.
OK, and we have a security code set up on your account. Do you happen to know what it is?
That's mullen.
OK, great. And let's see, so you need to update your home mailing address?
Yes.
OK, so I currently have five forty-nine West Avenue Austin, Texas.
That's the old one.
OK, so what what is your new home address?
The new one is one thousand Marilyn Street Austin, Texas seven eight one two two.
OK, one thousand Marilyn Street, Austin, Texas seven eight one two two.
Correct.
OK, let me go ahead and verify your email address I've got Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK. is there any other information we need to update?
How long does it take till I get my new statement my bank statement at my new address?
OK sir, so that goes into effect immediately once I complete the screen and we send out statements the very beginning of the next month following the close of that statement. So let's see today is the thirteenth, so it should be just fine. You will be getting the new statement for this current month at your new home address and that you'll get it in November, so shortly after the first of November you should be receiving it.
That's perfect.
we also have the option where you can get it done electronically. Is that something that would be interested you'd be interested in?
No no no no no.
OK. So we'll keep you on the paper statements coming to your home. we also have. are you a member of our online banking system?
Not yet.
OK, would you like to be set up? We can do that over the phone right now, or is that something you would like me to send you some information so you can review it at home?
I'd rather have the information to review it.
OK, so I can send that to email or to your home address. Do you have a preference?
Email please.
OK, so I'm going to send out information regarding our online banking system, to your Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com . email.
Oh, I just got a tornado warning here. how's the weather there?
Oh, I'm that's pretty scary Mr. Davis. well outside it's pretty sunny and warm here. Gosh yeah I did see on the weather that the the weather was pretty bad in the Austin, Texas area. That's that's pretty scary sir . Please stay safe.
Yeah, yeah.
OK let me let me go ahead and finish some information with you so that you you can do what you need to do. I know you have to take cover and stuff sometimes those storms come through and it's pretty dangerous so let me see what other things we got to go through. If you've gotta hang up please just let me know. Don't don't hesitate.
I will no problem.
OK. So let's see you are a member of our traveler's credit card right?
Ye~
Yes.
so we have a new card that's just come out. It's the platinum traveler's card. Would you be interested in applying for that today?
what is the the benefits?
So the benefits on that one is you get three times the points every time you use it. So right now you may only get one dollar per per amount of money that you spend. And with this new credit card you'll actually get four dollars. Or four points.
And without an extra cost?
It there is a higher cost on the annual fee. That's two hundred dollars a year, but if you use it quite often those rewards that you get back pretty much outweighs the cost of the card.
Can you send me also some information about that?
Sure, I'd be more than happy to do you want me to send that over to you via email?
Yes, please.
OK, I'll get that sent right over to you. let's see, and you do have a savings account set up with us it looks like. Do you have any other cards that you would be interested in receiving?
No, I'm good for now.
OK and we see that you have a a loan with us right now. Would you be interested in re-financing your auto loan? We're offering some really low interest rates right now.
Not at the moment.
OK, if you happen to be interested that I can send that information over to you. you're more than welcome to just give us a call, and we can get that information to you.
OK.
is there anything else you would be interested in learning about today?
No, that's it.
OK Mr. Davis well we appreciate your business that you've been a great customer let's see since nineteen eighty-five. So yay, you've been an awesome customer, we're so appreciative of that. please just call us back with any questions, problems or if you want to apply for any further loans. This is Mary, and I'm with Intellibank, so please call us back with any problems that you have. We're here to help you.
OK, thank you very much Mary. Have a nice day.
You're.
You're welcome. Bye bye.
Bye, bye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank this is Jerry. How can I assist you?
Yes, my name is Evelyn Richards and I want to dispute a transaction that was made on my platinum card.
Be happy to assist you with that Mrs. Richards. if I could I just need to verify some information, but how is your day going?
The day is going pretty well.
That's good to hear. I tell you it's been a bright and sunny day out today, you know I wish I could get out to the park and walk the dog. cuz he really loves the sunlight.
Well, that sounds like that's a lot of fun and it is beautiful to get out there in that weather.
I I love my dog, she is something else. But Miss Richards definitely want to get this matter handled for you. Let me just verify some information for you. What is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK and for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
OK and you said you wanted to dispute a transaction on your platinum card?
Yes.
OK. And if I could just ask what is the platinum card number?
I don't have the the card number.
Oh, you don't have the card number?
no, I don't.
OK, well, unfortunately, Miss Richards I'm not going to be able to dispute the transaction if you don't have the card number.
So there's no other way that you can look at this? Because I really don't want this transaction on my account because I didn't authorize it!
I see so you're saying you did not authorize the transaction?
No, I didn't. So, what are the next steps?
Well, that's a great question Miss Richards and again, regret the inconvenience because I certainly understand how concerning this would be. but unfortunately, I'm not able to pull up your account information without your credit card number. but let me say that you could potentially go online via our online banking system. Do you, are you aware of our online banking system?
No, could you give me a little bit more information about that so I can see if that's something I can try to do?
Absolutely, Miss Richards. It's simple, all you have to do is go visit our website and when you're at our website you can then enter in your or if you don't already have an account set up, you can set up an account with your username and password. And then from there, you can access your account from right there online and you could actually process and request a disputed transaction right there online.
OK, all right, I will certainly look into that.
And again I understand how frustrating this can be and particularly if this was an unauthorized transaction. do, how much was the transaction for?
It was for four hundred dollars.
OK and again, I regret that I wasn't able to pull up your account but you can go online and set up the account, it's free and once you access your account placed dispute request in online and then our security department will be able to pull up your information and begin the process of investigating of the requested dispute.
OK, I will do that because four hundred dollars is a lot of money. And I am glad I can go and do that.
Yes ma'am, I completely agree. I understand that you would want to get this matter handled quickly and we certainly want to assist you with that as quickly as we can. And one of the fastest ways to do it would be online. You can make your request on there. Our security department will get that and from there, generally just to follow up on your earlier question. You'll receive an email notification from our security department. Generally, within about three to five business days. And they'll let you know what the status is of the investigation on your disputed transaction.
OK, thank you very much. Three to five days?
It's three to five business days, yes ma'am.
Oh, OK.
Well let me ask Miss Richards, is there anything else I can be of assistance to you?
no, there's nothing else for now. I'll go online and make that step to see if I can get that taken care of.
Terrific! And of course, also if you wanted to access your account balance, make payments online, to your credit card account or make payments to your account for your car loan, you'd be able to do it right there online.
OK, I will do it!
Thanks again Ms. Richards and if there's nothing else you have a terrific day.
And you too. Thanks.
Thanks
For calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Vicky. How may I help you?
Hi, my name is Jackson. my mom is always running out of money.
OK, Jackson, and were you thinking of sending her some money?
Yeah.
Oh, and do you have an account with Intellibank?
Yeah, I have a checking account.
Does your mother have a checking or savings account either with Intellibank or with another financial institution?
Yeah, she has a checking account.
OK. Well, Intellibank offers domestic and international wire transfer services. Would you like to transfer money from your Intellibank checking account into your mother's checking account?
Yeah I would.
All right, I could get you squared away today. To start let's retrieve your account. What's your full name and address and date of birth?
My name is Jackson McDaniels, my address is seven thirty-eight Hampshire Lane. And my date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you for that and please verify your account number for me.
My account number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven .
Zero zero one six three nine two two one seven, is this account will be withdrawing funds from today?
Yes.
And what is the name of your first pet?
Winky.
All right, thank you, Jackson. I see you have a balance of one thousand one hundred thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents in this account.
that sounds right.
And is this going to be a domestic or an international transfer?
my my mother's in Canada. Since that's in North America I suppose that's domestic.
Actually, sir, Canada is considered international.
Oh OK. does that cost more?
the fee for international wire transfers is the same. as the domestic transfers and that's nine dollars and ninety-nine cents, for any transfer in the amount of five thousand dollars or less.
Oh well I'm only going to send her a hundred dollars. So what will that fee be for for me?
That'll be nine ninety-nine. Again the fees for zero to five thousand nine ninety-nine.
OK. since I must do it.
All right, Jackson, and will you please provide me with the routing number for the account you'd like me to forward your funds to?
sure, just give me a second I had her info written down.
No problem take your time.
Which one is the routing number?
The routing number should be nine numbers.
OK. The routing number is ninety two five four three six four four.
You said ninety two five four three six four four.
Yes.
Thank you, and what is the account number?
It's seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Yeah .
OK thank you . And how much did you want to transfer today?
Like I said that's under a hundred dollars.
OK. To confirm Jackson McDaniels is authorizing an international wire transfer in the amount of one hundred dollars, from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. We are sending these funds to routing number nine eight two five four three six four four and the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is all of this information correct?
That's right.
OK. I will go ahead and process this request. It will be final within thirty minutes you'll receive an email confirmation of this transfer when the funds are posted to the following account. Is the email on file still correct? J McDaniels at Hotmail dot com.
actually, can you send it to Jackson McDaniels at Hotmail dot com?
Is it J A C K S O N M C D A N I E L S at Hotmail dot com?
Yes, it is.
Would you like me to update that in our system?
Yes, please.
All right, let me get that switched for you. I'll also go ahead and process this wire transfer request and I have a transaction ID number for you to write down.
OK.
OK, Jackson. I have a transaction ID number for you if you're ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
That number is nine nine nine one two six five.
Nine nine nine one two six five got it.
And your new balance is one thousand thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents. Would you like to receive information regarding additional services and pending promotions here at Intellibank?
not particularly but I can do a wire transfer like but can I do a wire transfer like this online?
Yeah, you can do wire transfers on our websites. It's WWW dot Intellibank dot com. You could set it up as a one time transfer or set it up recur at whichever interval you'd like. We also have a mobile app available at the Play Store, once you downloaded it to your phone you have access to over a hundred Intellibank services at the touch of a button.
Cool, I have to look into those.
All right, is there anything further I can assist you with today?
Nope, that should do it. Thank you so much for all your help.
No problem have a great rest of your day.
Thanks, you too.
Thank you bye now.
Bye.
Good afternoon. This is Rose at Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great! Kim sorry I almost said your my name back to you.
It's been a long day huh.
It has.
Well hopefully it's over for you soon.
It will be, thank goodness
Good.
Thank you.
well Rose I'm calling because I am trying to check the balance of my account. I had tried to check this information online and was having an issue and I've had several things hit up against my account over the past several days and I I really I I need I need to know the balance and like I said trying to go online hasn't been successful. So I was hoping that you'd be able to help me out.
Oh certainly. I can definitely help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions so that we can get into the account that's in question . And, what type of account are we checking today?
sure it's a checking account.
All right. OK so I know you said your first name is Kim and that's not Kimberly correct?
Right, just Kim.
OK and what's your last name?
and my last name is Johns that's J O H N S and my date of birth is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
Awesome thank you. I was just gonna ask you that.
it figures. I been through this before with you guys.
No worries. All right, I need to ask you your security question Kim. What is your mother's maiden name?
Sure, it's Murphy.
All right, thank you so much. And, let's let's see here I will need your account number.
OK. Hold on for one moment lemme grab that for you.
Sure.
OK. OK, my my checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. Thank you so much and bear with me just a second. We've been having issues with our internal server today. So that's probably why you weren't able to get the balance online cause we've had call we've had callers all day talking about the issues online. So I completely understand.
Oh OK.
Yeah, bear with me just a moment.
All right it looks like it's finally back up. OK, so the account balance Ms. Johns is three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
Oh OK great. I actually would like to since that balance it it actually is a little bit more than I thought. I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars over to my savings account. do you think you could help me with that?
I sure can. I certainly can. Bear with me just a moment while I clear out my screen and get to your other page here. Can you please provide me with your savings account number?
Sure. It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you ma'am. OK Ms. Johns and what is the dollar amount that you would like me to transfer over from your checking to your savings?
I'm gonna transfer five hundred dollars please.
Five hundred dollars even.
Right.
OK, bear with me just a moment why I set that up for you.
All right Ms. Johns, I set that up. I've transferred five hundred dollars even to your savings account . Also sent you a confirmation receipt to your email that we have on file. Do you mind checking that for me just to make sure that you got it?
Oh yeah absolutely lemme check here.
OK.
well I keep trying to refresh it. But because I was having issues checking my account earlier it may actually be my my phone. Phone service or whatever that's having the issue. if I don't get the if I don't receive it within the next couple of minutes I'll give you all a call back.
OK hon I completely understand and I'll be here until six p.m. so please feel free to call back and ask for me specifically. Again my name is Rose and It looks like our I just got a a notification that the online banking portal has been fixed. So would you like any information on that? so that it would be easier for you to do this online.
Next time. Oh no that's OK. I I already know how to do it. That's usually what I do. I just couldn't access it today.
OK, no worries . Well Ms. Johns, it was a pleasure helping you today and as a part of the Intelli family we'd like to thank you for your loyalty and also your business. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your evening.
Thanks you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Intellibank, my name is Ashley, how may I assist you today?
Hi, yes ma'am I'm calling because cause I need to update some of my personal information.
OK, I'll definitely be happy to help you with that let me go ahead and get you verified then I'd be able to process your request. First off, may I have your name and date of birth please?
yes ma'am. Hailey Parker, four fifteen nineteen eighty-nine.
Thank you, and your phone number?
Three one five four four four two two three seven.
Thank you, and your credit card number?
It is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Thank you, and finally your security question which is your birthplace?
Chattanooga Tennessee.
great place. Alright and what can I help you with today Mrs. Parker?
OK, it's probably gonna be a few things but the first thing I need to do is to update my E mail address.
OK, that is
And
Sorry.
No that's OK, go ahead.
yeah that's gonna be Hailey Parker one four three at G mail dot com.
OK, all right let me just update that for you real quick all right and save changes. Alright, so that is updated for you and effective immediately is there anything else that I can assist you I can assist you with today Miss Parker?
Yes ma'am I'd also like to cancel an account and transfer the funds.
OK, all right I could definitely help you with that not a problem. What is the account number for the account that you are wanting to close?
It's gonna be the three four six seven two three nine.
OK, all right and I see this particular account has a remaining balance of five thousand dollars and is there a particular reason for the closure today?
I just don't need it anymore.
OK, understandable. I would notate that here. Alright and what type of account will you be transferring it to, checkings or savings account?
I'd like to transfer all of the money into my checking account please.
OK, perfect. I'll be happy to help you with that. And what is the routing number for your checking account please?
It is three four five eight seven six three two one.
Thank you and the account number for your checking account?
It's going to be two one one seven six five eight.
OK, thank you. Let me just pull that up here. OK so your checking account has a balance of eight hundred and fifty dollars so we'll be transferring the balance from your savings which was five thousand to your checking account the transfer, it would be submitted and it would be finalized within twenty four to forty-eight hours and you'll be able to see your updated balance on your checking account after at least that. OK? all right and.
OK.
Thank you
So much. And I do have one more question for you
You're welcome.
Sure, go ahead.
is is there any way that I can set up online banking and do this my self in the future without having to go
Yes actually there is. I'm glad you asked. you can go two two different things you can do. You can go online to Intellibank dot com or go to the app store and download the Intellibank app. You just create the user name and password most likely they'll ask you for your personal and banking information in other to verify you so just make sure you have that info available when you are creating the account. you can then go into your profile settings and update all of personal information there after you have created the account OK?
OK great that sounds really easy thank you so much.
You are welcome is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Come to think of it, I'm sorry I gave you the wrong phone number earlier. Can I update it to a new one?
Sure.
OK the new phone number is going to be three one five six seven seven three four two four.
OK, repeat that back to you three one five two six seven seven three four two four?
Yes ma'am.
Excellent, OK, so that has been updated, effective immediately. Is there anything else that I can assist you today Miss parker?
No, thank you I appreciate all your help.
Alright, you are very welcome, it's been a pleasure assisting you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too, thank you so much again.
You are welcome, bye bye.
Good afternoon, thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great Kim, thank you so much for asking. How about yourself?
I'm doing great. I'm out visiting a friend in Portland Oregon and I've been taking in the local sights. I've never been out here to the West Coast before so I've been been enjoying myself. It's definitely totally different, I'm I'm an East Coast girl and it's been really cool seeing the you know the the stark difference in not just weather but kinda people and the energy and everything.
How is it out there? I've always heard it was a real cool vibe I'm very interested.
Yeah.
It really is, it is amazing and I say if you ever get that opportunity definitely make sure you travel out here. It's it's wonderful, and the music scene of course is just beyond anything that I've ever experienced. The live music out each night you know, is I love it.
I've heard quite a bit about the music scene, I have a friend who lives in Tewaaraton and he has some friends that perform out there. He even told me that he knew he had met Kurt Cobain and knew most of the people that were in Nirvana before they became famous when they were just a garage band. Yeah. So I've always wanted to come out and check out the the food scene mostly.
Oh, OK.
Wow.
Wow.
That's awesome.
Oh yeah, the food is amazing. and oh my gosh. Literally it's amazing. Everything I've experienced.
I h~
Oh my gosh.
I wish you could.
I was gonna say I wish you could send me a picture so I could just see.
You're too funny. That's awesome.
Well, I'll have to live vicariously through you. until I can get out there.
Until you get out here.
OK. Well I was I was calling because I'm actually I haven't and been able to have access on my phone for some reason . I'm not getting any bars where I am. and I need to transfer some money from my savings over to my checking so I have access to some money out here.
Mhm.
OK, I can totally help you with that. So we're changing over from your you're putting money from your checking to your savings, or was it the other way round? I'm sorry.
That's OK. The other way round, from my savings to my checking. Right.
Savings to your checking. OK.
All right. I can definitely help you with that. I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into your accounts to make your internal transfer.
OK.
I know you said your first name is Kim. It's just Kim, not Kimberley?
Right. Just Kim.
OK.
Thank you, and what is your last name?
my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S and my birthday is April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK thank you so much for providing that. I do have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
All right, thank you so much. And can you please provide me with the withdrawal account's number of your savings account?
Sure. my savings account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine four.
Thank you so much. And Miss Johns, what is the dollar amount that you would like to transfer to your checking?
two thousand dollars please.
And no change?
No change, right.
OK. And can you please give me the deposit account number please ?
sure. It's one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK. So we're transferring two thousand dollars even from your savings to your checking. Bear with me just one moment while I initiate this transaction.
OK thank you.
You're very welcome.
OK Miss Johns, I have initiated that transaction. It takes just a few moments, you should be getting a confirmation from me in your email address. And could you please provide that for me so I can make sure we have the right one on file.
sure. It is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com. and I I do see I actually got a notification for the for the email. That came through so. You all must have the right address on file.
Fabulous.
OK.
Awesome. And I just wanted to advise you of your new account balances. it looks like in your savings now you have one thousand five hundred and twenty-two cents.
OK.
And then in your savings you have three thousand and eleven dollars even, no change.
OK. That you meant in my checking?
I mean in your checking. I'm sorry, I said the same thing.
OK.
No, that's OK. I just wanted to make sure.
So sorry about that.
No worries. And while I have you actually since my phone isn't letting me use it to do any online banking or anything can I bother you to help me find an ATM around here?
I sure can. give me an address that you're at or close by and I'll see what I can find for you.
sure, I will give you the address. Hold on, I I jotted it down at the restaurant we just ate at. See here. Oh here it is. It is eight two eight South West Second Avenue.
OK.
And that is in Portland, and the ZIP code is nine seven two zero four.
All right, thank you so much. Bear with me just a few moments while I find something that's hopefully within walking distance. I don't know if you're on foot or driving.
I I have I can do either. so we are driving but I also can walk to something if there is actually something close enough, that would be awesome.
OK.
OK Miss Johns, I've found three in the vicinity that you're in and they're all in walking distance.
OK.
OK, so the first one we have is at seven hundred South West Fifth Avenue and that's within the Pioneer Place. It's open right now and it closes at six p.m.. and we have another one at six oh two North West Twenty-first Avenue.
OK.
And that's at the Quick Stop market and that market closes at two thirty a.m.. Isn't that a weird time to close?
Yeah that is strange.
Really strange.
and then I found one that's twenty-four hours, that's five fifteen North East One Hundred and Second Avenue. And that's in seventy-six. I'm assuming that's a also a gas station and that one's open twenty-four hours.
Awesome. OK.
Well thank you so much for your information and for your help today, I really appreciate it.
Oh you are very welcome. Was there anything else that I could help you with Miss Johns?
no, that's everything. Thanks again, have a good one.
Oh you are so very welcome. You have a great day too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Katie. How can I help you?
Hello Katie, I guess how you doing? I don't know if I should be calling you first or the police first but my it looks like my card was stolen.
Oh no! What happened?
I came out this morning to go to work and somebody busted. I left my wallet in my car last night like an idiot and I came out and somebody busted the window of my car and they stole my wallet out of my glove compartment.
Oh no. OK so you did not file a police report yet?
Not yet, no.
OK, I'm gonna recommend to you that you do that as soon as you hang up from me.
OK.
I am so sorry. let me. Let's let's take it slow just I'm here for you just to let you know.
OK, thank you.
And let's
Start from the beginning. What is your first and last name?
I the first. My first name is Peter.
OK.
And last name's Quimlan.
How do you spell that Peter?
Q U I.
OK.
M L A N.
OK and Peter what is your date of birth?
September first nineteen ninety-six.
And what is your social security number?
my my card is in my wallet I can I can tell you my last four. You know everybody always asks for the last four, that's all I remember, OK.
OK.
OK. OK. OK.
Yes. Let's go with that. Let's go with that.
All right.
All right so the last
Four is two zero seven six.
Uh-huh.
OK. OK no problem and I just need to. For you to answer your security question. What was your favorite food as a kid?
OK.
Oh, hot dogs. It's always hot dogs, I was a hot dog kid.
OK, OK so what.
And also too on top of top of this the other day, I got a letter from Intelligible Bank saying that there's a problem with my account, so I I have like a lot of issues going on right now.
OK.
I'm sorry, it's Intellibank
Oh, OK.
From our. You're talking about from our bank, from Intellibank, OK. I'm sorry, it's Intellibank. So yeah I see the only thing why we sent that out was we don't have a correct email for you. so if you wanna just go ahead when you're ready just give me your email.
Yes.
Oh.
OK it's Peter Q.
OK.
Nine one one.
Mhm.
At Gmail dot com.
OK and and Peter is that a capital P?
Yes it is.
On that OK. OK that's all we needed, I'm sorry to confuse you or like get you nervous about that. Whether I know it was like kinda ominous and not explaining I'm so sorry Peter.
I I still I can't believe I left my wallet in the car, it was just it it was I can't believe I did. Like I I know better. Like I always make sure never to do that and yet I did it.
Peter please don't feel bad. Do you know how many customers call and like has that has happened to? please don't feel bad, it's not an uncommon thing. Now what I want to do is I want to cancel that card. Do you have the account number of the card number by chance?
I I don't have the card number.
OK.
I have the account number.
OK.
When you're ready give me that account number.
OK, let me ask you this though by canceling that will that you know will that hurt any of my credit, will.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mm-mm.
Will that cause me any problems?
No, absolutely not, we're gonna cancel that card and send you a new one.
OK.
I just wanna cancel that because, you know just in case somebody found it and they're trying to use it right now.
But what if they did use it?
Need to get.
Well we're gonna find that out so. Give me the account number.
OK.
And then we're gonna get into that.
OK my account number hang on hang on a sec.
OK take your time. Take your time.
All right the account number is.
Mhm.
Oh five.
OK.
Four three.
OK.
One nine.
Mhm.
Seven eight two.
OK and do you recall what was the last thing you charged on that card? Do do you know?
I I got gas last night at the the Shell station.
OK perfect, that is the last. So I'm canceling it right now.
OK.
OK and I'm also putting a note that it was potentially stolen just so if anyone finds this it's they're not gonna be able to use it so don't worry there was nothing charged, the gas station was the last thing So I have canceled it. So what I would like to is send you a new card.
OK.
and you'll get the PIN number first and then the card and the card will have a sticker on it with a phone number to Intellibank and we will walk you through the steps of setting up your new card.
OK.
Just confirm your address for me so I can send that out.
All right it is.
Mhm.
Eight six five.
OK.
Brenton Woods.
Mhm OK.
And that's Nashville.
Mhm.
Tennessee.
Mhm.
Three seven oh.
Mhm.
One five.
OK perfect so it takes five to seven business days to get the card. So unfortunately I'm so sorry if you need to get your money out you'll have to go to your branch. Do you know where your branch is?
Yeah, yes I do.
OK.
Would it have been better if I went just directly there or is it easier just to call you guys?
No it's fine. No this is perfect. Everything is fine and done through this call. It's just that if you need to get your money out you just have to go to the branch.
OK.
Until the card comes. Hopefully it'll come earlier. We say five to seven days but it could be earlier hopefully.
OK.
So and I'm so sorry this happened. Is is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, no I I have to to call the police.
OK. All right if you need anything else just call us back. Our customer service line is open until eight p.m. Eastern and do. You know, if you need us just please, like I said reach back out.
All right, thank you so much.
OK, take care.
You too.
Bye bye.
Hi! Thank you for calling Intellibank my name is Amanda. How can I help you today?
Yeah. I'm looking to find an Intellibank branch.
let's see. Do you mean Intellibank? I'm sorry we just have a sister location that's like Interbank. It's really close. OK let's see. so you're looking to find a branch. Do you have an account with us?
Yeah I do.
Yes.
Is. . is there any sort of other business that you'd like to conduct with your account or are you just looking for a branch?
Yeah. Well.
I got this email saying there was some information that I should look into I'm not really sure what it's saying though. So I just wanted to talk to someone in person about it.
Oh OK. we just recently sent out an email asking people to update and change their security questions because we're adding an extra two and also a two-factor authentication process. So you'll get a text message when you want to log into your online banking account. And we're just adding a similar security question. So would you like to update that now? Is is that helpful?
I'm a little confused. I I have to update my security?
I can walk you through it. So first I just need to verify your identity for safety what is your birth date?
OK.
my birth date is oh seven oh two nineteen eighty-five.
OK. and your code word?
my code word is giraffe.
OK and the last four digits of your social security?
last four, my. Hold on one second.
Yeah no worries.
OK OK OK it's seven six eight zero.
OK so I've got your identity verified. So what we're looking to do is just instead of having a code word We're doing. We're changing it to three security questions. So the first question will be. What is your mother's maiden name?
Mhm.
Oh OK. that's Johnson. Man this is gonna be harder than just just remembering giraffe!
It should be information that is just natural to you. So let's see what.
You ever.
Seen a giraffe? I went on a on this safari trip ten years ago. And you know you see pictures of them being all tall eating leaves and stuff and I gotta tell you. Seeing one in person it just really nails it in how how just long they are. Like you see one in person and that's just in your head forever so.
I actually stayed at for a couple nights at the Animal Kingdom Lodge in Disney World. and there were giraffes outside your window. They weren't joking and I was like your head is almost as big as my dog. You don't realize the scale. Like you know they're tall but you're. Until they're like right there and you feel like you can touch them and you're like wow. So. OK so. We are looking for. a. Oh right sorry we're still setting up your security questions. One moment. So we've got your mother's maiden name. what is the name of the hospital you were born in?
Oh, -huh.
I know.
Mhm.
Yeah. OK.
Mhm.
Ooh God. OK. oh oh. I actually know how to figure this out. One second.
Alternately we could do the city. Just the city like where it is. Yeah.
Oh the city is. No let's.
Just do the city. that's easier for me. Baltimore.
OK. All right so we've got mother's maiden name Johnson.
Mhm.
City that you were born Baltimore.
Mhm.
and the name of your first childhood pet.
I actually didn't have any pets growing up.
Oh OK. Let's see we have a couple of other options. what was the city that you've got your first apartment or house or place away from home in?
OK.
Oh OK. Yeah I got my first house in Little Rock.
OK so we'll just say well I'll make that your first house city and that's Little Rock.
Yup.
OK. So Johnson Baltimore and Little Rock. Awesome! So we've got those set. and then. I just wanna make sure that your phone number is up to date. Because if you log in on your online banking. you will it's it's Intellibank dot com slash login and if you do that you'll be asked the three questions and then you'll get a text message to your phone number with a little code. Or you can get a phone call. So I just want to make sure that your phone number is up to date.
Yep.
Mhm.
OK.
Mhm.
Oh yeah.
so let's see. Can you just give me that that current phone number?
Yup yup, it is three oh one five six eight two oh nine oh
Mhm.
Yup.
OK great so that's the one we have on file. and let me just check and make sure that there's nothing else we need to update.
OK.
OK so you're looking for a branch location? Thank you for going through the security update by the way. I know it. And I know it's a little long process. so where are you currently and then we can look on map and find you a good find you your nearest branch.
Mhm.
Yeah so right now I am in Saco Maine .
OK. that's funny. That's near where I grew up. OK so it looks like we have a branch office located inside the Hannaford. Do you know where that is or would you like me to pull up an address?
Oh.
Oh no no I know where that is.
OK great yeah. So we have that's that's full branch service. You can do everything except take out a loan there. So is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Great.
No that sounds good.
All right well thank you so much and have a great day.
Thank you bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Kathy. How may I help you?
Hi, Kathy. How are you today?
I'm good, thank you, and yourself?
I'm doing great. I sure am enjoying this beautiful weather we've been having.
Oh, I know. It's been very nice. Can't ask for much better than what we've got going on now.
I know. I just love the fall.
Yeah, that's one of my favorite seasons too.
Yeah, yeah. OK, well, the reason why I'm calling is I wanna make an internal transfer.
OK, I'd be happy to help you with that. Can I get your first and last name and your date of birth, please?
My first and last name are Julie Williams. And my date of birth is seven twenty-five of fifty seven.
OK, great. And if I could get the last four of your social security number.
It's six eight one eight.
And if I could get your mother's maiden name.
Smith.
OK, thank you so much for that. And you said you wanted to make an internal transfer today?
Correct.
OK, what accounts would we like to transfer?
From my checking into my savings.
OK, great. Could I please get your checking account number?
OK, it is. Let me see. One five zero one zero six eight five. And the other's is two five six two seven one three seven nine.
OK. OK, thank you for that. So one five zero one zero six eight five. That's your checking account number?
hang on. Let me check. Yeah. I think from this balance, it's it's the checking account number.
OK, great. Thank you so much for that. And the other account number you gave me, was that your savings account?
Yes, it was.
And and that ends in one three seven nine?
That's correct.
OK, great. And you wanted to make a transfer?
Yeah. What are. What are my balances on those two accounts?
Sure. I'm showing your checking account balance at this time is five hundred forty-seven dollars and seventy-five cents.
OK.
And your savings balance is one thousand six hundred seventy-five dollars and twenty-seven cents.
OK, so I think what I'd like to do is transfer three hundred dollars from checking to savings.
OK, great. Three hundred dollars from your checking into your savings. Checking ending in zero six eight five into savings ending in one three seven nine.
That sounds right.
And three hundred dollars, you said?
Yes, that's correct, three hundred.
OK.
OK, great. I have gone ahead and make that transfer for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, actually, I need to update my personal information.
OK, certainly be happy to help you with that. what personal information do we need to update today?
my address.
OK.
What what
Do you have as my old address?
right now, I'm showing one eight two Biscayne Way.
OK, that. Yeah, that is my old address. My new address is thirteen forty-one Overland, O V E R L A N D, Drive. And that's in Saint Louis.
Thirteen forty-one Overland Drive?
Correct.
In Saint Louis.
That's correct.
Is that still in Missouri?
Yes, it is.
OK, thank you so much for that. I've gone ahead and updated your personal information. While I have you on the phone, I was wondering, I I see that you're not signed up for our online banking service. And I just brought that up because you did make an internal transfer today, and I just wanted to let you know that we do offer that through our online banking.
Now that. that transfer I made today, when is. When am I going to have access to that money?
That that transfer is immediate. So that is now in your account.
OK, good. And you were saying about online banking?
Oh, yeah, that's a service you can do right online at any time, twenty-four hours a day. You make transfers from one account to another account. Of your own between your own accounts. And you can also make transfers to other people's accounts within the bank or to another financial institution.
Wow, that's great. That's a really great service. Can I do that from online?
You sure can.
OK, I think I do wanna sign up for online banking. What do I need to do to do that? Can you sign me up?
Well, you have to sign yourself up. And you can go to Intellibank dot com and click on Get Started. And the reason you have to sign it up is because you have to enter your personal information. And once we see that everything matches what we have on our system, then we will go ahead and approve you. It's usually the same day. And then you'll be all set to get started.
OK, all right. I I will do that today then. It will be so much more convenient to do it online instead of having to make a phone call.
Well, we don't mind you calling. You can certainly call us any time. But this gives you another option.
OK, all right. Well, Kathy, you've been so helpful today.
OK, Julie. I hope you have a great day.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie. How can I help you today?
Hi, how are you doing? I just moved and and I just wanted to know if there were any close by ATM machine chine by this address?
yes sir, I can certainly help you with that. You want to find a few nearby ATMs for your new address?
Yes, please.
All right sir. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yeah, first name Dale. Last name Walker.
All right Mr. Walker. So you need to know a couple of locations. I'm going to have to get a little information about your address please.
OK.
could you give me the address including the city, state and ZIP code?
yes. Hold on please. Got that written down somewhere. OK. My address well, I have two on file here. Let me give you my first one first. the first one is though, though, though right now, it's forty-nine oh seven North Wright Street. Peoria, Illinois six one six oh seven.
All right, sir.
All right, sir.
And my other one is is thirty-two oh four North Loubough Street.
All right, sir. We have your new address here on file. The forty-nine oh seven North Ricet Street.
Yes.
All right, sir. We have that on file for you that's been updated.
OK.
All right, write that down too.
All right, give me just one moment while I look up ATMs nearby that location.
All right. Take your time, ma'am.
All right Mr. Walker. Looks like we do have we have about six ATMs close by. but those last three, they're you know a little over a mile away. These first three that I have listed, their actually fairly close by. At least half a mile from your address.
Oh wow.
OK. Any of them walking distance?
yes, sir. I actually have one that's outside of our banking department that's within walking distance.
OK.
OK. This is with a different local branch. So, there's actually a fee if you have to, if you use this ATM.
About how much is that?
It's
Usually between two and five dollars.
it usually depends on the amount you're withdrawing.
Five dollars. That's a lot. OK.
All right.
Exactly.
So I can give you so do you want those close addresses?
yes, please. The closest one first.
OK.
OK, sir. I'll give you the one that in, within walking distance. This one is at Farm Bureau Bank is not with our bank.
OK. Farm Bureau Bank.
OK.
So, that location is at seventy-two thirty-three Spring Street.
Spring Street. OK.
Like I said, sir. There's actually a fee associated with any type of withdrawals from that ATM.
And we actually have a five hundred dollar withdrawal limit usually placed upon our accounts. You could go online and increase that if you need to.
OK.
All right, sir. Now I'm going to give you about four of these other addresses are with our branch. There's no fee to withdraw anything from those branches.
All right.
But
That five hundred dollar limit still applies.
OK.
OK, the first one is located at forty-seven Meadow Road.
OK.
That
Is one of our twenty-four hour branches.
All right.
so that ATM will be available twenty-four hours for you.
Not bad.
OK.
All right, sir. And the next one is at three East Gold Road.
All right. Three East Gold Road.
Yes sir.
That is an outside, drive up ATM. So that's twenty-four hours as well.
OK.
the next one we have, sir. Is at three Sunset Street.
Sunset street?
Yes, sir.
OK.
That one is a is located inside of a lobby. And that business closes at ten. So that should be accessible until ten p.m..
OK, I got that.
OK. And this last one is at eight thirty Pinenole Avenue.
OK.
And this one actually shortest availability. It closes around seven. It's located with inside the lobby of a business.
OK.
All right. Got that. Thank you very much.
Right, sir.
Lastly?
No problem, sir.
And you you sound very, you sound very professional. so how long have you been working at the job you at?
Oh, sir. I've been here for about ten years. Can you believe that? Oh, I wish. I wish, sir.
Ten years.
Oh, man. So you up for a bonus, right?
Well, I need to call them and tell them to give you one.
I've
I've accumulated some vacation days. So I'm up for vacation.
well at least you got something there.
That's a bonus to me.
Oh, yeah. Amen.
All right. Thank you so much Mr. Walker, for your time and patience. Is there anything else I can do for you?
that's it.
I so appreciate it.
All right. Thank you, sir. Again, my name was Leslie and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
you too.
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Bye, bye.
Hello, my name is Alexis. Thank you for calling Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Hi Alexis. I have trouble today. And I need to change my address.
OK. So what do you need to change about your address?
I need to change the whole address, if you don't mind.
OK, Well, let me pull up your account. May I ask for you account number, please?
Sure. My account number is four eight four eight five six seven three two one nine eight. One zero one two one one.
And may I have your date of birth, please?
It is eight fifteen seventy-eight.
And the answer to your security question?
Blue.
Thank you for verifying your question. Let me proceed on to help you on with changing your address. OK, so what's your new address that you need?
My address is two four five six Main Street Houston, Texas four three eight eight two.
Yes.
OK, so let me repeat that. It's two four five eight Main Street Houston, Texas four three eight one two?
No, it's two four five six Main Street Houston, Texas four three eight eight two.
Oh, I apologize for the inconvenience. Let me go ahead and correct that.
That's OK. How've you been doing today, Alexis?
I'm doing good. How are you ma'am?
I'm doing good. Getting by .
I know what you mean. The weather is nice out there today.
It is beautiful. I love fall. So the new address to be changed into your account is two four five six Main Street Houston, Texas four three eight eight two. Is that correct?
That's correct, Alexis .
All right, we made these to your account. Is there anything else that you need me to help you with today?
No, that is it, Alexis. I thank you so much.
Well, if you need any more changes to your account or anything else with the banking service, please don't hesitate to give us a call at any time. You have a good day.
You, too, Alexis.
Bye.
Bye.
Hello. Good evening. Thank you for calling Intel Banking help helpline. How may I help you?
Hi. Yes, I'm interested in finding out more information in regards to your internal transfer.
Oh, sure. I'll be able to assist you that. May I have your first and last name, please.
Yes, Mimi Leeks.
Oh, hi, Mimi Leeks. How you doing today?
Good. How's your day going?
Not too bad, can't complain. OK so you're interested in doing internal transfers, is that correct?
That's right.
OK perfect. do you have an account with us? Do you bank with us currently?
Yes.
Perfect. OK I'm gonna ask a few security questions, just to be able to log onto your account on my end. Is that OK with you?
Of course.
OK may you please verify your date of birth.
Yes, it is oh one twenty-one nineteen sixty.
OK perfect. may I also have your either account number or can you give me your last four digits of your social. Whatever's convenient for you.
I'm not too good with numbers. May I be able to give you the last four of my social?
That's perfectly fine.
OK. Seven B eighty-four.
Perfect. OK. All right. Missus Leeks, I'm able to login to your account. I see that you have a checkings and savings with us and you've been banking with us for almost twenty years. That's awesome. Thank you for being a loyal customer.
Thank you so much for having me.
Not a problem. OK, Mrs. Leeks, so you wanted to do an internal transfer, is that correct?
That's right.
So what funds are we gonna be moving? Are we moving your savings or checkings? Or which way do would you like to do it this evening?
Checkings please.
OK not a problem, and I know earlier you stated you didn't have your account number available. In order for me to do this internal transfer, I'm gonna need more security questions for you to answer, and just for security reasons, I just need you to verify the last recent transactions that took place with your checking account please.
Of course. Yesterday, I made a purchase at the Aspro Shops for a hundred and twenty dollars.
OK great I see that. That's awesome. I also need you to verify the last recent transactions that took place with your savings account please.
Oh, that's easy. I actually did a transfer. No, I did a deposit in that account in the amount of a hundred dollars.
OK perfect. Thank you so much for verifying that information for me, Missus Leeks. OK so for this internal transfer are we doing. I believe you said checkings to savings, is that correct?
That's right.
OK how much money are you looking to transfer today?
Let's do. I want to do eight thousand, is that possible?
That is perfectly possible cuz our limit is ten thousand dollars.
Music to my ears. Thank you.
Not a problem. So just give me brief moment. I'm going to go ahead go ahead and withdraw I believe we said it was eight thousand correct?
Yes.
Sorry about that. I was just I I had a brief moment of a brain fart, I guess you can say. So it's eight thousand dollars coming from your checkings, and we're gonna go ahead and deposit that into your savings, correct?
That's right.
OK just give me one brief moment. I'm going to go ahead and do that for you, the withdrawal of eight thousand out of your checking and put that into your savings account. OK, Missus Leeks, I was able to go ahead and do that internal transfer. Please allow twenty-four to forty-eight hours for that to postdate on your transactions online or when you give us a call it'll postdate on there.
Perfect.
OK, Missus Leeks, was there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I was speaking with my husband and we were interested to know if you guys provided auto loan.
Oh, we actually do do auto loans through our bank. an easy way for you to apply is to go on our website WWW dot Intel Banking dot com. Once that website populates you'll see on your right-hand side an a tab that has auto loans. Where it says loans, and then when you click on loans and you scroll down a little bit, it'll have a pull down tab and it'll say auto. You click on that tab that says auto and it'll allow you to apply for a loan. Once your loan is approved, you'll see the amount that you will receive from us and you can take that amount and take it to any local dealership that you will like to use. Just print out that coupon out or certificate and once you have that you can take it to any bank and that that certificate will be good valid for the next ninety days. Just to let you know, so if you do are if you're really interested in applying for an auto loan just make sure you have it set it up that the last time you can use that certificate, and it's valid for, is for ninety days.
Mm.
Perfect. Didn't know that.
Well, I'm glad I was able to assist you with that. And also, just to let you know, since we're on the topic of doing auto loans, when you go on our website we also have a feature for online banking. So if you can. If you don't have an online banking account, you can actually just go on our website the WWW dot internal internal, apologize, Intel Banking dot com. You'll click on that and then once you see that it'll have an option for you to create a username and password. Once you set that up you'll be able to log into your account and you can see your transactions with your savings account, along as your as your checking account as well. And you can also do internal transfers online as well. So you wouldn't have to call us. You can just log on to your account and do your internal transfers from the comfort of your home or wherever you may be during the day. And that will easily be able to transfer monies back and forth, if you choose to do so that way.
Oh, that's amazing. That's a great feature. Thank you for telling me that. I had no idea.
Not a problem, glad I was able to help you with that. do you have any other questions or need help with any other assistance today?
just so my husband and I know can you just briefly tell me the nearest branch at my location.
Oh, definitely can do that. can you just provide me with your street address first please.
Of course. One one oh nine Hillsborough Way.
Perfect. May I please have the city and state that you live in.
Yes, that's in West Palm Beach, Florida three three four zero nine.
Perfect. OK while that I put that in information into my computer and access them I'll see how much populates. OK looks like there is three local branches near you. I guess you'd want the closest branch, is that correct?
Please and thank you.
OK the closest branch that is near you is located at twenty-one ninety Avenue Lane and that's in West Palm Beach, Florida. Does that work for you?
Perfect, I know exactly where that's at.
Awesome. OK great. So, if you go there to that bank there I'm able to do ATMs. We have ATMs drive-thrus. And we have an ATM pull-up. So, you can just use your debit card, and that's how you can access the pull-up ATM. Like drive you know getting out your vehicle and going inside and typing in your code. Or you can also do the drive-thru. So, if you don't wanna talk to someone or you don't wanna deal with getting in and out of your car, there's a drive-thru ATM as well, and they're both available twenty-four hours. Seven days a week.
Perfect. Thank you so much. I know my husband will be happy to hear that.
That's great. Is there anymore questions that you may have today, Missus Leeks?
No, thank you been a doll. Thank you so much.
Not a problem. Thank you for calling, and thank you for being such a wonderful customer with Intel Banking. You have yourself a great evening.
You do the same. Thanks.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How may we help you today?
Yeah I'd like to make an internal transfer and I need to check about some ATMs in the area.
yes sir, I'd be happy to help you with. can I please have your first name?
Kermit Willis.
Thank you for that, and your date of birth?
Nine sixteen, nineteen seventy-three.
And could you please supply me with an account number on your account so I can verify it is you?
nine one six eight one two four three seven. Or hold hold, wait a minute that's. You need the sixteen digit right?
Yes sir, yes sir.
That's three three one two four one one one seven seven three seven eight seven seven seven.
Thank you for that sir, and could I also have your social?
Yeah, two three one one one one wait a minute. Two three one one two eight three two three.
Yes sir thank you for that. And you said you wanted to do an internal transfer, is that correct?
Yeah we got money going low in the checking account. I was wanting to get this new swing and I just figured transfer little bit off from my savings to my checking so nothing overdrafts or anything like that.
Yes sir I can totally help you with that. Could you please give me your deposit bank number that the the account's going into?
All the
All the all the all the routing? Oh OK, gotcha. It's nine one six six eight two four three seven.
Yes, sir.
Thank you for that sir. And I I'm gonna verify the funds in your account as nine hundred and sixty eight dollars.
No problem
That's in my checking?
Yes.
OK yeah yeah that's right.
OK Thank you and this transaction will occur tomorrow. At two o'clock.
OK.
So that you'll know exactly when you can look for that transfer to go through. And is there anything else I can help you with?
yeah, I also had the I wanted to check about some ATMs cuz we moved again for the third time this year. We ended up moving up on Blade Mountain up on Farley Hollow, just I want to know closest ATMs in that area are and do they offer the cash deposit, do they offer the ITM and all that stuff.
Yes sir I can totally help you with that.
OK.
And are you familiar with our online banking?
Yeah yeah we got that.
It it also is a great way to keep you updated with our different loans and our percentages. And things that you can do twenty-four hours a day. Not even have to contact the bank or even have to make an in person deposit. We also offer the check less deposit. which is very helpful for most people that work late hours. And can't access the bank. And yes we do show some ATMs in your area that are close. there's one that is at the Walmart. And it is two miles down the road on East Lane Street. are you familiar with that?
OK.
Yeah yeah that'll be fine. That sounds great. And I just need to deposit seven hundred from my savings to my checking.
OK yes sir, I can totally do that for you also. I'll get that
Big meteor shower
Going on tonight. You gonna watch it?
Oh yes sir, I have heard about that.
Big shooting stars all night long.
Yes sir.
You are my shining star. Yeah.
Yes sir.
OK. So yeah, that was seven hundred from my savings to my checking.
OK and yes as I said you will be able to see that go into your account at two o'clock tomorrow. And is there anything else I can help you with as far as the transfer?
Is there any limits on how much I can withdraw per day?
Yes, sir. There is a five hundred dollar limit to what you can take out from any ATM in the area that is is affiliated with Intellibank.
Can I can I get that put down to two fifty, because I don't want my old lady spending too much money?
Yes sir. I can totally take care of that let me do that real quick for you.
Two fifty.
Yes sir. And I also wanted to tell you if you do use any if you do use any other ATMs in the area that are not affiliated with Intellibank there are fees that do occur from that. You can be charged up to three dollars. And fifty cents a transaction.
Yeah I'm aware of that. It should all be free if you ask me. That's just me, you know what I mean mean?
OK.
Yes sir. Yes sir. I I.
I was rhyming there hey.
I totally agree sir.
Yeah.
And is there anything else I I can help you with today?
I wanted to make sure oh yeah I needed to update my address too.
Yes sir, I can totally do that for you. Go ahead.
Cuz I moved up on Blade Mountain. It's one hundred Farley Hollow Blade Mountain, West Virginia, one one eight one one.
Yes sir, I totally have that down for you. Yes.
You got that?
All right well hey, I appreciate everything. got everything I need. I transferred seven hundred from my checking to my savings, thank you for telling me where the ATMs were. And I thank you so much kindly.
You're welcome sir and it was a pleasure helping you today at Intellibank. Have a great day.
You too, thank you ma'am.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy my name is Hank. I called earlier but it was way too loud in the pub and I couldn't hear a thing the previous agent was saying. I I need to update some information on my account. My phone number to be exact.
Certainly sir. I'd be happy to help you update your account information. Just give me your full name, and your address please.
Sure. My name is Hank Harlow, and I live at eight nineteen charity lane.
The city and state?
It's Branson Missouri, and the ZIP code is five nine four four zero.
Thank you. What is the phone number we currently have on file?
It's two two nine seven three zero one nine one nine.
Thank you. And then can you give me your date of birth Hank?
Sure, it's September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you, and what is the name of your first pet?
Muffin.
Muffin cute. All right thanks Hank, please verify your account number for me.
Sure my account number is one nine six three eight four five two.
Great. Let's go ahead and update your info. What is the new phone number?
Well I thought I had it right here but that's not the one. Sorry. will you give me a second while I find that?
No problem, take your time.
All right here it is, my new number is two two nine zero zero seven zero one nine one.
Two two nine zero zero seven zero one nine one?
Yup.
All right Hank, one moment while that updates. Just takes a second here. All right your phone number has been updated in our system. Is there anything else I can help with today Hank?
Yeah I was trying to log in to make this change on your website. But I couldn't login for some reason.
Oh yes, yeah we have to activate your online banking request. And then you can use your email as your username And the password would be the last four of your social security number. The system will automatically require you to change your password that very first time that you login. And then I don't know if you're aware Intellibank also offers mobile banking through our mobile app. You can use the same login as your online banking for the mobile app. I've gone ahead and made that request and activated that for you. You should be able to create your online banking access now. I also sent you an email. With all of the necessary information in there. Has that come through yet?
Yeah I see it. Got it. Thank you.
Great. Now do you have any questions or concerns about that?
no but I do have a question, could you tell me the address of the closest branch to me?
Absolutely. One moment while I look that up.
The hours also please.
Sure thing. One moment. All right Hank. I've got that branch here. looks like the branch closest to you is gonna be point two miles from your house. And the address there is seven twenty-nine peacock avenue.
Yeah. OK. Great. I know right where that is. And hours listed there?
What's that?
Are the hours listed there?
Oh yeah, yeah, let me see. Their lobby is open Monday through Friday nine a.m. to five p.m.. And then its also open Saturdays ten a.m. to two p.m.. Their drive thru is open Monday through Friday eight a.m. to six p.m.. And Saturday nine a.m. to three p.m.. They do have a twenty-four ATM on site. It's right inside their entry way. You'll be able to deposit cash or checks at that ATM.
Perfect. Thank you.
No problem. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Mm no no I think that's all I need. Thank you.
My pleasure. Have a great day.
Yeah you too.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi, Daisy. I'm George and I wanna close my account.
Certainly, George. I'd be happy to assist you in closing your account today. Let's just pull up your account, and what is your full name and your address?
My name is George Francis Emory. But I'm not sure which address you want. I recently moved. Do you have fifteen thirty-three Apple Bottom Way, or one seventy-one East Northwest Circle?
looks like we have Apple Bottom Way.
Yeah, that's where I currently live.
Thank you, and your phone number?
My cell phone is six one two, two two nine three nine zero nine.
Great. And what is your date of birth, sir?
My date of birth is September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you. And then the last security question, what was the name of your first pet?
Winky.
Winky, OK, thank you. And George, I see here you do have multiple accounts with us. Which account will you be closing today?
I'd like to close my personal checking account.
OK. And can you, please, verify that account number for me?
It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
I got zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Yep.
All right, thank you. And your current balance on this account is eight thousand dollars and twenty-one cents. And may I ask you, what is the reason for closing this account?
my parents helped me open this account when I was young. It no longer fits my needs.
I see. And will you be transferring these funds into your business account?
No. I actually receive a higher interest rate with a competitor of yours, so I'd like to move my funds there.
OK. Certainly. To confirm, you only wish to transfer funds from and close your personal checking account? We won't be doing anything with your business checking or personal savings accounts today?
Exactly.
All right. Now can you please provide me with the routing number that's associated with the financial institution you will be transferring these funds to?
OK. The routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four.
I got nine eight two five four three six four four.
Yup.
And the account number?
The account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
And is this a checking or a savings account?
This is a savings account.
Savings account, got it. To confirm George Francis Emory is asking Intellibank to forward the balance of his personal checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven, funds in the amount of eight thousand and twenty-one dollars. He'd like these funds forwarded to a savings account at another financial institution. Routing number, nine eight two four four three six four four, and the account number, seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Upon completion of this transfer, Mr. Emory would you like this checking account Mr. Emorly would like this checking account closed. Is this information correct?
Yep.
Thank you. Sorry for that little snafu there. This process may take up to three business days and you should expect a confirmation email. Where would you like me to send that email?
G Emory at Hotmail dot com.
Is that G E M O R Y at Hotmail dot com?
Yes.
Thank you. I'll go ahead and process this. In a moment, I will have a transaction ID number for you. Do you have a pen handy?
Yeah, I've got one right here.
Great. And just a moment. OK. That transaction ID number is nine nine nine one two six five.
Nine nine nine one two six five, got it.
Great. Would you like me to provide you with your balances on your business checking and your savings accounts?
Yes, please.
Your business checking account balance is nine thousand seven hundred and fifty-one dollars and twenty-two cents. And one moment while I pull up your savings account. Looks like that holds three thousand dollars exact. Would you like further information regarding all of your current promotions? All of our current promotions?
Could you please include that in the email?
Oh sure, I'd be happy to include that in the email.
That'll be just fine.
All right, George. Do you have any questions or concerns, that I may assist you with?
Nope. That was all I needed. Thank you.
Of course, have a great day.
Yeah. You too. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yeah. First name Ben last name Reilly.
OK.
Reily R E I L Y?
R E I L L Y.
L L Y OK.
And also can I get your date of birth?
yeah. November twenty-third nineteen seventy-nine.
OK.
And for security purpose can I get your State ID or driver's license.
yes. That is R P four zero seven five seven three.
OK.
Also can I get your email address?
yes that is a B as in boy Reilly R E I L L Y seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
OK. How can I help you today Ben?
Also I wanna to report a stolen card and I wanted to transfer money from the the account that the card was attached to to another account.
OK.
All right. Now when when did this card get stolen?
I recognized that it was missing from my wallet two hours ago.
Two hours ago?
Yes.
OK and when was the last time you made a purchase yourself?
A little over twenty-four hours ago.
OK.
Have you gotten any pings on your account of being used or anything?
yes. This is why I wanna report it stolen. I saw that there was at least one transaction made.
OK. OK. Do you remember what transaction that was?
it was for the Marathon gas station.
Marathon gas station. For how much?
twenty-four dollars.
Twenty-four dollars. OK. all right. And this was in your savings or checkings account?
This was my checkings account.
Checkings account. Can I can I get that checkings account number?
Yes.
yeah. It is nine eight seven one two three four five zero six.
OK.
All right I'm looking and we're gonna close this out and you want this transferred to your savings?
yes that is correct.
OK.
And just for confirmation can you give me your savings account number?
yes zero nine one eight two seven three six five four.
All right there Mr. Reilly
We're gonna get this get the money transferred over to your savings account. Your current balance for your checkings account is five thousand seven hundred forty-three dollars.
OK and this is after the unwanted transaction?
Yes. and we are going to make a note and send in the report that you have a transaction of you said it was twenty-four dollars right?
OK.
correct.
At the Marathon gas station?
All righty all right that card is now locked and closed and we did move all that money to your other balance to your savings account.
OK.
Now we need to re-issue a new card.
OK.
you will get in the a email for the information of the card so within two days two business days so if you need to order from DoorDash or anything you can do that from that email. but the card itself won't be out until five to seven business days.
OK.
if everything else should be. Everything should be just smooth sailing from right here I'm really sorry that this happened to you but do have the Instella Intelli app?
Yes yes I do.
OK. you can also report your stolen card on there. I don't know the the real time of it.
But it's the same same thing that you will go through here. You'll fill out a form on there and then it'll actually issue out everything that you just gave me today on the app. So if you couldn't get in or couldn't get a hold of any of us you can do it on the app as well.
OK awesome.
All right? looking over everything. Is there anything else I can help you with Mr. Reilly?
nope that will do it.
All right I don't know exactly when but once the issue with Marathon goes through they know to send it to your savings account and they should hit your account within five or ten business days. Sometimes it's sooner but just give it some time. OK?
All right. Sound's good.
All right and that's all I can do for you today Mr. Reilly?
that'll do it.
All right. Thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a wonderful day.
All right. You too.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi Daisy it's actually a really funny story. So my wife sent me out to the house to go get groceries. She gave me four hundred dollars and while I was on my way to the grocery store I I listen to my podcast and it gave me this really hot tip this undeniably good tip. So I decided to go to the track test my love which is a little bit of money. Well you know how that goes. One thing leads to another and I'm out four hundred dollars so I really need cash right now to go get groceries before my wife kills me.
Sure I can maybe help you with that. Are you thinking you want to go to an ATM or a branch and make a withdrawal?
I think an ATM will work just fine. I just need something. I just need what's the closest to me.
Sure and let's just pull open your account one moment Please provide me with your full name and your address.
Sure, my name is George Emery. I live at one fifty-three Pine Cone Circle in Branson Missouri and my ZIP code is five five five three two four.
Thank you George. Can you verify your phone number and email for me?
My phone number is six one two two two nine three nine zero nine and my email is G Emery at Hotmail dot com.
Thank you George, and what was your mother's maiden name?
Smith.
And verify your account number for me.
sure let me just find it in my phone. OK. I have it here. It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
OK you said you weren't exactly sure what is near you. Do you want me to look according to your home address or is there a different address that you're that you know nearby?
the closest address I know is nine two one Prancer Lane.
Nine twenty-one Prancer Lane. Stakes Race track.
Yes.
OK it looks like I am showing two ATMs that are run by Intellibank near you and then one non Intellibank. So I've got two twenty-eight Laverne Court is an Intellibank machine and four ninety-six Macintosh Street which is in the Super America around the corner from you. Those are both Intellibank machines and then a non Intellibank location is seven forty-nine Hope Avenue. That location will be subject to a four dollar non-refundable transaction fee.
OK is is there a branch nearby?
There is a branch located near you. It's at one sixty seven Pittsburgh Way however it doesn't look like that's gonna work for you cuz the lobby closed at five and the drive-through closed at six and it's six eleven right now sir so unfortunately that's not gonna work. Your ATM does have a four hundred dollar daily limit so if four hundred is what you're looking to cover that should still be all right.
Yeah that works for me.
OK and so you've got that. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
yeah could you repeat the address of the ATM for me?
Yeah the two Intellibank locations? Two twenty-eight Laverne Court and four ninety-six Macintosh Street.
and could you really quickly just confirm my balance for me right now?
Absolutely. One moment while I get back to that screen.
Yeah no problem.
OK I've got your checking account balance here. It's one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two dollars and twenty-eight cents and it doesn't appear that there is anything posted since last week so that will be your current balance with nothing outstanding.
And do you have. Can you see my the balance of my savings account too?
I can, one moment. Will you just confirm that account number for me please?
Sure it's zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
Zero zero one six three nine three three one eight?
Yep.
That didn't retrieve an account number. Can you give it to me one more time?
It's zero zero one six three nine three three one eight.
Thank you. Yeah your savings account balance has four hundred dollars even.
OK sounds good.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with today George?
No that'll be all.
OK you have a great day and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy. How may I help you?
Hi Daisy. My name is George. So I'm actually playing the dangerous game of you know robbing Peter to pay Paul and I just need to move some funds around for a few days.
OK let's see if I could help you. What is it you were hoping to do today?
I wanna move money from one account to another. Is this something Intel does over the phone?
Intellibank.
Yeah sorry.
No problem. are you is it that you're thinking of doing a wire transfer from your checking to your savings.
No. I actually wanna move money from my Intellibank checking account to a bank to the checking account I have at another institution.
Oh so moving it from you have Intellibank account and you wanna move money from there to another account you have somewhere else.
Yeah.
OK George now I gotcha. Yeah I'll be happy to assist you today. Let's pull up your account and what is your full name and your address?
My name is George Emory. And I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson Missouri five five three two four.
Thank you. Your date of birth.
September twenty first nineteen ninety-nine.
Your first pet.
Winky.
And confirm your checking account please.
It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
All right. is this the account that we will be moving funds funds from today?
Yeah.
Great I show you have a current balance of six thousand four hundred ten dollars and fifty-two cents. How much are we gonna transfer?
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
All right and is this going to be an international or domestic wire transfer.
What does that mean?
Oh. Is your other financial institution also in the United States?
Oh yeah.
Thank you. May I have the routing number please?
Sure. Would you give me just a minute I have to look that up?
No problem take your time.
OK I've got it.
All right George. Go ahead.
My routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four.
Nine eight two five four three six four four. All right and what is the account number?
It's seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
All right George one moment while I put all this information together and then before we go ahead and process that I'll just have you confirm the information for me. One second here.
OK.
All right George. Here's the information George Emory is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of seven hundred and fifty dollars from his Intellibank checking account the account zero zero one six three nine two two one seven we are sending these funds to another financial institution here in the United States routing number nine eight two five four three six four four and account number seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is this correct?
Yeah.
Great. It'll be just a moment and I'll have a confirmation number for you.
OK.
How's your day going Daisy?
Pretty good. It's been going kinda slow. Haven't had that many calls today? How about you?
pretty good besides just being stuck at my desk trying to figure out how am I going to pay all these bills.
Yeah I get that one. OK George I have the transaction number ready for you. Do you have a pen and paper?
Yes ma'am. I'm ready.
All right. That number is eight nine eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
OK. Eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that. Yeah, you've got it right. And your final balance on your Intellibank checking account is five thousand six hundred sixty dollars and fifty-two cents. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yeah actually. I was trying to log into my banking account earlier but I wasn't able to log in.
Oh I see here that you've actually never created your credentials does that sound right?
Yeah.
OK well in order to create your credentials the first time that you try to log into Intellibank's online banking you'll have to click the first time user's enroll here link. You'll read and accept the online banking disclosure and enter your account number your social your date of birth and create a password. Once you're logged in you'll be asked to choose an answer five security questions and also enroll in the one time security code feature. Does that make sense?
Yeah.
All right. if you have any questions or concerns you could feel free to give us a call back but is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No that's about do it. .
Would you like me to email that information?
Yes please.
And is your email still G Emory at Gmail dot come.
Yeah.
All right. I sent that through anything else today George.
No, that's it.
OK have a great day and thanks for calling Intellibank.
Thanks you too. Bye.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hi! Thank you for calling Intellibank, how may I help you today?
Hi! I'm and I was requesting if I could get some help in a wire transfer.
All right, no problem, Charlene. lemme ask you a couple of security questions. First of, what is your name and date of birth, please?
My name is Charlene Peterson and my date of birth is twenty-ninth December, nineteen ninety.
All right, and also, what is your account number?
OK. My account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right, thank you for that. I'm going to ask you also a security question. So what is your mother's maiden name?
Her maiden name is Taylor.
OK, thank you Charlene for that. So so what is the amount of the wire that you're trying to transfer?
Eight hundred dollars.
OK. Eight hundred dollars. And could I get the pink account number that you're trying to withdraw this amount from?
It's my account number?
Yes.
Yeah. Three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right, thank you for that. So what type of transfer will this be? Will this be domestic or international?
It will be domestic.
Domestic, OK.
So now, I will need the information for the recipient. So first, I will ask you for the deposit routing number.
OK. Eight six seven five five four
Three three.
there should be an extra number.
Oh! Four.
Four. OK, so lemme repeat that back. Eight six seven five five four three three four.
Yes.
OK, and can I also get the deposit account number account number?
OK. one nine five five nine one two nine.
All right. So that is one nine five five nine one two nine, correct?
Yes, correct.
OK. So I see your account balance is right now five thousand two hundred and you will be making the wire for eight hundred dollars, is that correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK, would what are your questions for this transfer?
first of all, how much will will I be charged for such an amount? As in, what what are the rates?
Sure. So the rates for a domestic wire transfer will be free. However, the international fee is five dollars for each transfer.
And how long will the transaction take?
So for domestic transfer, it takes usually in one to two business days and for international, it's three to four business days.
And do I get a notification once it once the transaction is completed?
So I will complete the transaction right now over the phone and I'll will verbally confirm with you the transaction and you will also receive an email confirmation.
Oh! OK. With all the details?
Yes, it'll have all the details for the account numbers and the amounts and the dates.
Oh! OK.
OK. And so, while I am transferring the wire right now, it'll take about a couple seconds. See. All right. Great, so it's just been transferred. you should receive the email in about ten minutes, it does take sometime to to send out. So the recipient will receive this in one to two business days since it is a domestic transfer? and you'll also receive a confirmation once the wire has been received. So look out for that in about two days. So would you like anymore information about online banking or do you have any other questions for me?
No, are the those are the questions I have for today.
All right, thank you. It's great talking to you Charlene, have a great day.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
Well I'm I'm hoping you might help me figure out where I can get some money. I'm having trouble finding a place.
So you were looking for an ATM or a branch office maybe?
That's right. I'm looking for a nearby ATM and also I want to know if bank is gonna be closed for Memorial Day.
OK Intellibank will not be open for Memorial Day sir unfortunately. Now let's see if I can find you an ATM that's convenient to your location.
That sure would be helpful. I'm tired of driving around and looking for machines. This town is new to me and I can't find my way around very well. I'm not familiar enough with it, landmarks and places.
I know being in a new place can be hard and frustrating if you can't find what you're looking for. Let's see what we can do to help you. OK can you give me your street address, city and your ZIP code please .
OK well I know the street address. It's thirty-four Topper Lane, and the city's Gainesville Florida. But I can't remember the ZIP code, I'll have to go look. wait a second.
OK it's three two two five seven.
Great. OK, let's see what I can find out for you. Can I put you on a brief hold now?
You sure can.
OK, I'm back. I found three ATMs that should be close to your location. Let me know when you're ready and I will go give you the addresses, and I can also send them to you by email if you would like .
OK I'm ready.
The first one is at nine hundred Fifth Street in University Way. It's at the corner besides the CVS Pharmacy. And the second one is next to the library entrance off of Patterson Way and Third Street. And let's see, finally there is one at the public shopping plaza at the intersection of Canterbury Place and Merrill Road. Do you want me to email this list to you?
That'd be great. I'll try and see if I can find the one by the library.
OK. What email address do you want me to use to send this to you?
How about flying dog twenty-two at Yahoo dot com. That's F L Y I N G D O G twenty-two at Yahoo dot com.
OK. Let me reverify that. F L Y I N G D as in dog O as in Oscar G as in George twenty-two at Yahoo dot com.
that's correct. oh is that Intrabank bank ATM at the library location near a parking lot, do you know?
you mean the Intellibank ATM?
yes. What did I say?
I believe you said Intellibank. But that's OK, I just wanted to clarify. let me check the parking lot situation. it'll be just a moment. Hold on please.
OK, yes there is a parking lot indicated nearby. It looks like it's right next door.
Yeah that's great since parking can be awful down there at times from what I've heard. probably should try the other ATMs you mentioned, but I don't know that location is at least.
OK, it should be nearby. To you, that one that we mentioned and easily accessible according to the information I have. They apparently have good parking nearby. Is there anything else I can help you with at this time?
I can't think of anything else right now. But thanks for the info.
You're welcome and I hope you have a wonderful afternoon. Feel free to call us with any banking questions you might have at any time in now or in the future.
Will do. Bye bye.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Leslie, how can I help you today?
yes, I'm calling you back. I called earlier. I got that information that I needed to update.
All right sir, but before I can complete your request I need to ask you a few questions to verify your account first.
OK.
All right sir, could you give me your first and last name, please?
Yes, my first name is Dale. My last name is Walker.
All right, that's D A L E?
Yes.
Walker, OK. Sir, could you also give me your date of birth?
Yes, my date of birth is ten thirty-first one nine seven four.
All right, you said ten thirty-one nineteen seventy-four?
Yes.
OK, sir, thank you so much, and for authentication purposes could you give me your driver's license number, please?
yes, I can. My driver's license number is excuse me. is six one nine five two four nine six nine.
OK, sir, you said six one nine five two four nine six nine?
Yes.
OK. And for account security purposes can I get the last four digits of your social security number?
yes, you may. The last digits of my social security number is seven zero three nine.
OK, sir, and can I get the account number that you're wanting to update?
Yes, you may. It's a checking account number.
All right sir, go right ahead.
OK. That number is are you ready?
Yes, sir.
OK. It's five one four three three six seven zero seven zero.
All right. To verify, that number you gave was five one four three three six seven zero seven zero. Correct?
Correct.
All right, sir. You need to update again?
I need to update my my my phone.
OK. So you wanted to update your phone number on file?
yes. I wanted to update that on file.
Were you wanting to replace the number on file or were you wanting to just add an additional number?
I'm just gonna add an additional number if I may, please?
OK, sir go right ahead and give me that new number.
That new number is going to be
area code eight four seven eight eight seven nine four nine six.
OK, sir. You said eight four seven eight eight seven nine four four six?
my fault nine four five six.
OK, sir, you said eight four seven eight eight seven nine four five six?
Yes.
OK sir, give me just one more moment while I update that information on your account.
All right.
All right, sir, I've added that phone number of eight four seven eight eight seven five six to your account. is there anything else I can do for you today?
I used to use my old number for security on this account. will will it automatically be updated to this number? would I have to go online and set it up like I did before?
sir, it won't be able to update on our end because it has to go through authentication with you and your cell phone provider. So, you would have to go online and access your account and set up that new number. For for security purposes.
OK. So, I have to set that up myself?
Yes, sir, you would have to go online to your online banking account. Do you still have that active?
yes I have yes I do.
OK sir, so when you access it you can go into your personal information phone.
OK.
And usually, it has a listing of your your phones you have on file. I didn't remove any numbers so again, if you wanted to verify that that old number was no longer active on your you look on there, and then you would actually set up the new number as security.
OK, so I I set the new number that's my security?
Yes sir.
OK, I think I got that.
All right.
I think I can figure that out.
OK sir, thank you so much, Mr. Walker. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, you better much helped me a lot there.
All right. Thank you, Mr. Walker, for your time and patience. If you have any other questions feel free to call us at this number and again my name was Leslie. You take care and enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you. You too.
Thank you, sir. Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Cathy how may I help you?
Hi Cathy how are you today?
I'm good thanks and yourself?
I'm doing great. Aren't you enjoying this weather we've been having lately?
OK where are you located?
I'm located here in Greenville.
Oh what state would that be?
That would be Missouri.
Greenville Missouri huh. You're having great weather there?
Yes we are. Where are you located?
Oh I'm actually in Florida and it's very hot here right now.
Oh I see. I see. OK well the reason why I'm calling is I wanna make a transfer of some money from my checking account to my savings account.
Oh sure I'd be happy to help you with that. If I could get your first name, your last name, and your date of birth please.
my first name is Julie Williams, and my date of birth is seven twenty-five nineteen fifty-seven. And my address is one eighty-two Biscayne Way. Do you need me to spell that?
Oh no that's fine thank you for that. If I could also ask for the last four numbers of your social security?
my last four numbers are eight six one six.
And if I could get your mother's maiden name please.
My mother's maiden name is Smith.
OK Julie thank you so much for that. And you said you wanted to make a transfer from your checking to your savings?
That's correct.
OK and what account number did you want to transfer. Which checking account?
the checking account is one five zero one. Zero six. Eight five. and I need to know what my balance is for each one of these accounts. before I make the transfer.
OK so I'm showing you have one savings account here that ends with one three seven nine. Is that correct?
Correct.
OK I'm showing right now you have five hundred forty-seven dollars, and seventy-five cents in your checking.
OK.
And you have one thousand, six hundred seventy-five dollars and twenty-seven cents in your savings account.
OK so what I want to do today is to transfer. Let me think do I want. Two is two hundred gonna be enough? Yeah I think two hundred dollars from my checking account into my savings account.
OK great I'd be happy to take care of that for you. So two hundred dollars from your checking into your savings. I have gone ahead and made that transfer for you. Was there anything else I could help you with today Julie?
yeah actually I need to find an ATM machine.
OK great. So you're. Said you were in Greenville correct?
That is correct.
OK so we do have several locations. Do you have an address where you are right now? Are you at home?
yeah I am at home. and I remember I gave you that address. One eight two Biscayne Way and. Do you need my phone number too?
let me go ahead and verify your phone number go ahead.
It's five one seven. Five eight six. Three three four nine.
OK great thank you so much for that. I'm showing the nearest location for an ATM to you would be our location at one five seven Mouse Street.
Oh OK yeah that should be easy to remember. One five seven Mouse Street. OK Oh and you know there's something else that I need to do. I I can't believe I left this to the end. I need to report my credit card stolen.
Oh I'm sorry your card was stolen. OK let me see. I'm. I see you have a card here so let me ask you. I'm showing the last transaction on this card to be for twelve dollars and eighty-eight cents at Caleb's Corner. Is that your transaction?
That's sounds like my transaction yes.
OK and I don't see anything after that so it looks like nobody has used that card at this time. I will go ahead and close the card for you right now, and get a new one sent out to you in the mail.
OK. That sounds good.
OK great. Well Julie was there anything else I could help you with today?
no I can't think of anything . Let's see tell me again what if there's a additional ATMs in addition to the one that you gave me? Cuz that's just one what if they're out of money?
OK great I'm showing a couple others near your location. There's also one at one four eight Turkey Lane.
OK.
There's another one at two five seven Bulldog Drive.
OK that sounds good. But I think between the three It'll probably. I'll probably be able to get my money out OK yeah well. I hope your day is as going as good as mine.
OK thank you so much for that. And thank you again for calling Intellibank.
OK you're welcome I'll talk to you soon.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley, how may I help you today?
Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm calling because I'd like to open an account.
OK. I can certainly help you with that. It'd be my pleasure.
just give me one moment here and I'll pull up my systems and get started. OK?
All righty.
just curious how did you hear about our services? Our bank?
actually my fiance has an account with you guys so I figured I'd go ahead and open an account and then later on when we got married we can open an account together.
Oh OK. Awesome. That's sounds great. Well, welcome to the team. I'll be happy to to get you on board. so I just need to gather some information from you.
first, let's start out with your first and last name and your date of birth please.
OK. My name is Haley Parker and my birthday is April fifteenth nineteen eighty-nine.
Perfect. And, what is your social please?
It is five nine two seven seven nine nine eight eight. And, just in case, I have my phone number for you. It's three one five four four four two two three seven.
Perfect. Thank you very much. I was going to ask for that so that worked out. And, what type of bank account are you looking to open up? A checking or a savings?
for now, just a checking.
OK. Perfect. All right. And, just so we have some extra security on the account I'd like to do two security questions for you.
Most people choose this. If you wanna do something else just let me know. but we're gonna gather the first pet and the mother's maiden name. Is that OK with you?
Yes, ma'am.
OK. All right. So, what what was your first pet?
Jenkins.
And, that is spelled J E N K I N S.
OK. And, you mother's maiden name?
Ruggers.
R U G G E R S.
Thank you.
All right. So, we offer our Simple Checking savings account. no monthly fees, no fees for internal transfers no fees for withdrawals from out ATMs and it only costs fifty dollars to open the account.
you can go to one of our branches and pay with cash or a cashier's check, or a money order. It doesn't have to be fifty. It can be more than that but it has so be at least fifty to open up the account and I would like to go ahead and tell you about our online banking service because that is really convenient and a lot of our customers really enjoy using that.
so you can go online to Intellibank dot com or download the app.
The Intellibank app. You create a user name and password. They'll ask you for the same kind of personal information that I asked you and you'll need to have the banking information. So, you can't create it until you get your checkbook with your bank account and routing number or your debit card number.
Now you said that your fiance has an account with us?
He does.
OK. All right. So the good thing about that. Like I said, there's no fees with internal transfers so if you guys wanted to transfer money. To each other for for any reason. For bills, you know, major purchases or just because anything like that. you can actually either call us to make that transfer.
You would just need to make sure you have his routing number and bank account number.
or you can also do it through your phone as well. And, then once you get once you get married if you guys want a joint account, all you would need to do, is just one of you would need to cancel an account. One of your guy's accounts. And then, you would just add your name. Like he can cancel his and then he can add his name to yours.
Or vice versa. However you want to do it.
OK. if we wanted to keep our own personal accounts could we still open a joint account?
Yes. Yes, absolutely. so that would require you guys going into the branch together.
because you do need to sign some forms when you're doing a joint account and also show proof of marriage. So, you'll need to bring in your marriage certificate. it's just for security measures and protocol that we have for opening joint accounts. And, yeah. It should be it should be done. They can probably do it in about thirty minutes if it's not busy. So, it's a really easy process.
OK. Sounds simple enough.
Oh yeah. all right. So, we look forward to having you as a customer. You're all set up in here, we just you just need to make your first deposit.
And then, you'll go and you'll be sent or given, depending on what branch you're going to your bank account and routing number with your checkbook.
OK.
OK. All right. Is there anything else that I can assist you today, Miss Parker?
I think that'll be it. You've been very helpful. Thank you so much.
All right. You're very welcome and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hi, thanks for calling Intellibank. My name is Wilda. What can I do for you today?
Hi, I need to make a transfer money funds from one account to the next and also might because my card is stolen and it's stolen.
OK. I can help you with that. I just need . Let's do it one at a time. wire transfer. what is your first and last name?
Brett Stockton.
Date of birth?
Seven ten eighty-nine.
OK. How about a driver's license number to verify your account?
Yeah, it's it's a Wyoming driver's license. Six five three two five six eight three, four five.
OK. And I've got a security question on the account for, what is your mother's maiden name?
My, mm, my mother's. I was adopted, so I don't really know what my mother's maiden name is.
You know what, there is a second question on the account. Would you like to answer that one instead?
Sure. Let's try that.
What is your first pet's name? Well, I'm sorry. What was your first pet's name?
Grover. He was a fish.
He was a f~. OK, yep. That's what I got. Grover the fish. OK. So.
Do you have the account number? We need the account number for your withdraw. The account you would like the money to come out of, which what account number is that?
Let's see. From account seven six nine, three five eight one.
OK. And amount you would like to transfer?
Everything that's in there.
So three thousand eight hundred and sixty-four dollars and twenty-one cents?
Yes.
And where would you like this to go to?
That's a lot more money than I thought I had.
is it is it gonna be a domestic or international transaction?
Oh
International. We're out of here.
All right. International it is. OK. What is the account number for the deposit.
Of the three thousand eight hundred and sixty-four twenty-one?
Let's see the the account number is six eight three seven four four six.
And the routing number?
Ooh, routing number. Hold on one second. I've gotta I've gotta ask my my buddy here.
OK, take your time.
I'm gonna send a text message so I can still talk and.
Oh, OK.
You know, I had I had my car stolen the other day also. I mean people are just stealing left and right from me.
A car stolen?
Yep. I'm pretty sure it was it was Mildred from the off the church function we had the other day.
Did you report it stolen?
Yes, I did.
Did they get it back?
They didn't believe me.
What?
No, they said Mildred wouldn't do something like that.
Really?
Yeah.
Huh. I didn't realize it was the police officer's job to know whether someone was trustworthy or not, but to just report the accident that happened.
Well, he goes to he goes to our same church. So I think they're just friends.
Funny, I didn't didn't think that that would be a reason not to do their job.
Sure. She brought it back later.
It was it was a little couple flat tires and stuff.
Oh
OK. All right. Now we're getting somewhere. OK. That is really interesting. And that would make sense as to why he maybe didn't want to report it.
OK. I got my routing number back.
OK. I'm ready whenever you are.
It's eight six six seven, four four three, one one.
OK.
OK. That one's OK. I got that. OK. I've got confirmation on deposit on the second account, to international account for three thousand and eight hundred sixty-four dollars and twenty-one cents. It was the entire amount, and that leaves your balance at zero. OK? Now, to report your card stolen, was that what I heard?
Yes.
OK. So let's see here.
I think it might've been Mildred as well. But.
What is the date you lost the card?
What's the date I. It was yesterday.
And what was the last transaction you recall on your card?
Let's see. It was a Home Depot trip, and we were we were getting a toilet for the for bathroom, we're putting it.
And how much was the transaction for?
It was fifteen dollars and eighty-six cents I think. .
Fifty? I'm sorry, it was fifteen dollars and eighty-six cents?
Yes, ma'am.
You got a toilet for fifteen dollars and eighty-six cents? Fantastic.
Well, I've gotta I've gotta dealer's license card there.
Cool. I I wanna get one of those. Yeah, that's a cheap toilet.
Discounts are great.
All right. OK. So I've got a confirmation on that cancel. it's definitely canceled. It's gonna take twenty-four hours to cancel. we'd like to re-issue you a new issue you. I'm sorry. I have a frog in my throat. I'd like to re-issue issue you a new card. What is the address that you would like me to send it to?
Whatever you've got on file there will do.
Is twenty-eight Aspen Grove in Evanston, Wyoming. Is that correct?
Yeah, that yeah that's, that works. That's where I'm headed actually right now.
Eight two nine three zero for the ZIP code, right?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. OK. So you should. I expedited that card for you. So it should be forty-eight hours, about forty-eight, seventy-two hours before you get it there at your address.
Fantastic.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I think that's it. yeah. That's it.
OK. Well, thanks for calling Intellibank. Have a wonderful day.
Thanks, you too.
All right.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling bank. This is Ron Smith, operator two three four. How can I assist you today?
hi my name is Ashley. I'm just calling to find an ATM that's close to me.
No problem ma'am. I can be able to assist you with that. I just need to ask you a few questions so we can verify your account. may I please have your full first and last name?
First name is Ashley, last name is Johnson.
No problem ma'am and the date of birth?
my date of birth is April fifteenth nineteen ninety is the year.
No problem and final question there's just a security question on your account. What is the name of the block that you grew up on?
it's it should be Nelson but if it's not Nelson you can always. Can you use my email address? Which is A Johnson at Gmail dot com. Or my account number which is one one four fifteen.
no problem ma'am. the security question you answered gave me access to your account. now if you can give me one second I'll be able to find an ATM that's near you.
Mhm.
I'll be able to pull up multiple ATMs within a two mile radius. if you use your ATM at any of the Intelli branches they will not charge you a fee. But if you use your Intelli ATM at a local gas station there will be a two dollar and fifty cent surcharge. Just give me one second ma'am while I look up your ZIP code.
all good.
How is your day going today?
OK.
My day is going pretty good thank you for asking. And yourself?
Yeah it's fine. I just I just need to get out and get some money, pay some bills, that's all.
No problem. My system is showing that there are two branches within zero point five miles, and we also have three more just ATMs where you'll be able to use your ATM. Your first location is seven sixty West Pim Pim street and that's around about zero point five miles away from you. do you have an email address and I can send you those directions?
yes yes. The email address is A Johnson. The letter A Johnson my last name at Gmail dot com.
No problem. Also ma'am I just wanted to let you know if you have the Intelli bank app for next time it'll show you all the branch locations and ATMs that's near you. And also show you the times of those branches.
OK. I'll look that up next time. I'll use that. How do I gain access to the app?
Well you would go to the app store and just download the Intelli app. It takes just a few seconds. After which you would need your account number and or debit card number to sign in with your email. you create a password. And at which point you'll be able to have access to your balance ATM locations and things like that. If you would like I could try to set it up here with you, but I would need just a little bit more information.
OK we can do that some other time. I'm just I'm running a bit behind. I need to get my rent paid.
No problem ma'am would you like any help with anything else? Would you like for me to look into any other account for you ma'am?
no. No not not at this moment. thank you very much for helping me today. I appreciate it.
No problem ma'am. I thank you for calling Intellibank. this is operator two three four. if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to give us a call at at any time and I will be here to help you. This is your operator Harold Smith and I thank you for calling Intellibank and you have a blessed day ma'am.
Oh and you too. Thank you very much.
Hello. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Carl. How may I help you?
Oh, hi Carl. How's it going?
Well! How are you doing?
well, I'm a little tired, but it's all good.
OK. how may I help you today?
so, I am moving.
I'm just switching apartments and I guess I gotta update my address?
OK.
go ahead and give me your first and last name, please.
first name is Tanya Bishop.
OK.
Can you spell that for me?
T A N Y A. And last name is B, as a boy, I S H O P.
OK.
OK.
All right. And your date of birth Tanya?
it is February second nineteen eighty-eight.
February second nineteen eighty-eight, OK.
All right, and, your current address?
my current address it is two seventy Silver Cloud Road.
In Heber Montana nine one zero one one.
OK. All right.
And then, for security purposes, what's the last four of your social security number?
three four one one.
Three four one one, OK. And the the name of your first pet?
it is was it Boney?
no that is not what we're having we have on record.
is it hold on a second, let me think about it real quick.
what the heck was it?
How about your mother's maiden name?
that's probably easier, I I should know that. It's Summer.
Summer?
OK. All right, so we need to, you are moving, is that correct?
Yes, Im moving.
OK.
So.
What is the new address?
the new address will be four fifty Main Street.
OK.
OK.
And the ZIP code is nine zero zero one one.
Nine zero zero one one?
Yes.
And that was four fifty Main Street in Camas Montana?
Yes. Yep.
Correct?
OK.
And would you like this? are you renting or owning?
I'm still renting.
OK. All right.
Cuz you know we do have mortgage products if you're ever interested in buying a place.
Yeah, with sky-rocketing prices. So when I'm gonna be able to afford one? But thanks for the offer.
OK.
All right, so I have gone ahead and updated your new your address to the four fifty Main Street in Camas Montana.
Yep. OK.
Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Actually, since I have you on the phone, can you tell me about the mortgages you guys have? What's the current rate? Or, you know.
I.
What do I, like what kind of papers I need to have ready?
So the I don't have a whole lot of information about the mortgages. I could have one of our mortgage specialists reach out to you.
OK. Would that be by phone or by email?
would you prefer by phone or by email?
how about by by email. I'm no good at answering the phone unless
OK.
What what email address would you like me to put on the account?
T, as Thomas Bishop at Gmail dot com.
So, T Bishop at Gmail dot com. So that's T B I S H O P at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
At Gmail dot com.
Yeah.
OK. I can have one of our mortgage specialists reach out to you.
you know our current rate is one point five percent.
For a fifteen year fixed mortgage. it it is cheap.
That is so cheap.
So and they can go over all the information.
OK. Yeah, cuz I gotta know like if I have enough for doubting. I gotta have a down payment, correct?
Yes, you do.
Yeah, so I have to find out like how much I qualify and what down payment I need to have. OK. All right, so, somebody is going to email me?
Yep.
Within like?
it should be within the next day.
A day or two?
The next day.
It's
Generally they they follow up on this immediately. It might not be too long after you get off the phone.
And then it will be, whoever name person and then it will end on Intellibank dot com?
Intellibank, yes.
OK, cuz I can put it how do you spell your bank, sorry?
I N
T E L L I B A N K.
OK. I always call it the wrong name.
OK.
all right, so I got that. I'll put it in my email so it won't block it. OK.
OK. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
no, that was all.
All right.
Well thank you very much for calling Intellibank.
Thanks.
You have a wonderful day.
You too, Carl.
All right.
Bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
Yes, Monica Stephens.
OK, Ms. Stephens. And also can I get your date of birth?
One one nineteen sixty. Sorry about that.
You're fine. Also for security purposes can I get your state ID or drivers license?
Yes. P G one three three seven four A.
Mm OK. And also for security purpose can I get that email that we have on file?
Pineapple hat at Gmail dot com.
Mm OK. And what can I do for you today Ms. Stephens?
I wanted to wire some money to a relative. Is that possible?
Yeah, we can do that.
OK.
And would this transfer be coming from your checkings or savings account?
It'd be my savings.
Mm OK. Can I get the savings number?
Yes, A A zero zero one four five five six zero zero nine eight.
Mm OK. And how much are we transferring today?
I'm gonna do two thousand.
Two thousand?
Yes.
Mm OK. All right. Now can I get the recipient's name?
Yes, Mary Wright.
Mary Wright?
Yes.
OK. W R I G H T?
Yes.
OK. Well because you did this already we we already have her saved on file, so.
Oh OK, great.
We got everything under control there. All I need you to do is confirm the last four of her account?
Five three three six.
Mm OK. All right.
All right. Ms. Mary is having the transfer done right now.
OK.
Your reminder out of your savings account is now five thousand eight hundred sixty-eight dollars and forty-two cents.
OK.
Mm OK.
And did you want a update on my email?
Update on your email. Do you need to update your email? That's what you're saying? OK, OK.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Alrighty, we can do that as well.
OK.
All right what's the new email?
Organic peach at Gmail dot com.
Organic peach?
Yes.
Mm OK, someone like fruit.
Yes I do. Love it.
The A that's that's God's candy right there.
Yes it is.
All right. And that's organic peach at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
OK. And just a heads up Ms. Ms. Stephens,
That Ms. Mary, the transfer should hit her account within forty-eight hours.
OK.
depending on her banking it it usually happens between now and literally forty-eight hours, so just give her a heads up.
Oh OK I'll give her a call and let her know.
All right.
OK. That's cool. do you have the the app by any chance?
Yes.
OK. On the app you if you go to transfers you should see all her information but you can also do transfers with the app.
Oh OK, OK.
OK.
that's just in case you call and we're too busy. I know a lot of people been been on hold and waiting for. Yeah so the app kind of cuts cuts in the middle man on that one.
Oh OK.
Oh OK.
OK. but other than that is there anything else I can do for you?
no, that's about it.
That's about it?
Yeah.
OK, well you have a lovely day, Ms. Stephens.
You too, I appreciate your help.
Aww that's no problem, thank you for calling Intellibank, you have a nice day.
You too, Bye bye.
Bye bye.
.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Jenny. How can I help you?
Is there anyway to find out some of the branch locations town of I forgot where we were going. Oh, we're going to Colorado Springs that's right.
Oh,
Colorado Springs. Lovely town.
Yes.
OK, and let's see do you already have an account with us?
I do.
OK and in that case your name please?
Yuri Arms
All right, Mr. Arms. Hang on for me one second.
That's my Arms Family Homestead, you know.
Oh I do watch actually watch Arms Family Homestead.
I already enjoy Daniel and the boy Austin.
Yep Thank you. Those are my kids. That's my kid and my grandkid.
Wow! You're like stars. That's pretty cool.
They are, I'm not.
All right so and if you're going to Colorado Springs from from wherever they are in Oh Oh. So they're in Nebraska? Omaha, Nebraska? Oh I didn't know there was an Omaha Omaha.
Omaha.
No, Omaha Omaha
Well, you learn something new every day.
Yes you do.
All right. So let's see and let's s~. Your account number please Mr. Arms.
That I don't think I have. I don't remember what it is.
All right. Well without that information it's gonna be mighty hard. Let me throw you on hold real quick and I'll check with my supervisor and see if there's some way we can't get around that.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you. One moment.
OK mister Arms are you there?
Yes.
All right so unfortunately, without that account number we're gonna have a very hard time gaining access in to your account.
I'm sure there's way you can find out how to get into my account without that. I have pin number. I have addresses. I have everything else.
Oh all right hold on one second. OK let's start try your address. Maybe that'll get us in.
One two three four Navy Boulevard.
One two three four Navy Boulevard and that's in Omaha Omaha?
Omaha Omaha yes.
All right. Great. And the ZIP code please?
Three seven seven three two.
Three seven seven three two. OK and as long as you've got your security code I think we're golden.
Zero nine one nine.
Perfect all right. So I have gained access to the account. do you need to did you want to check your balance or anything like that?
I do wanna.
Check my balance in my savings account and my checking account.
OK so let me give you those numbers first in your savings three thousand four hundred and twenty-one dollars seventy-two cents. Checking eight dollars and fifty cents.
That can't be right.
that's what I see here. Would you like to go over your previous transactions?
Yes. In the checking account please.
All right checking accounts. So let's see the first check that I see are the most recent one I see is paid to Watson Properties in the amount of forty thousand dollars.
OK.
OK and then the one before that is to King Super for eighty seven fifty three.
OK.
One before that is to Comcast for five hundred and thirty-six dollars.
That's not right. Comcast bill is only two hundred dollars.
OK. Well all I can tell you is what the check amount was for and who signed it. And it looks like it was you that signed it.
Is that a check or was it a debit card?
it was actually a paper check. I see it here in front of me.
OK. Then that must have been misprinted or something happened coz it's usually two hundred dollars.
OK. So I. Yeah, I was gonna say I would definitely call them and follow up on that. And then the one before that is to AMW All Car Tow and Repair and the amount for that is seventy-five dollars.
All right that's it. That's that's mine.
All right. Great. OK so did you need any more?
no I need a branch location though.
Sure and I'm sorry Oh you said you were going to Colorado Springs?
Yup.
All right. Colorado Springs Colorado OK. I do have several locations here. Do you know which neighborhood you're gonna be in?
I'll be on the west side of Colorado Springs.
I think the ZIP code there is eight zero nine zero four.
OK.
Perfect. That helps a lot. Eight zero nine zero four. All right. So it looks like our first branch is gonna be in Manitou Springs at eighty-even Polk Avenue.
OK.
same ZIP code eight zero nine zero four. Phone number seven one nine two zero zero, three five one two.
And the lobby hours?
Lobby hours are from eight a.m. until five p.m.. Monday through Friday Saturday nine a.m. til two p.m..
All right. Thank you.
All right and the next one is going to be it looks it is three eighteen East Thirty First Avenue.
OK.
And let's see their lobby hours are from nine a.m. until five p.m., Monday through Friday. No weekend hours I. Although their drive-through does appear to open half an hour before that, so that's eight thirty.
Can you hold on one second I gotta see what my dog's chewing on.
A~
Absolutely, thank you so much.
She must have ate the burger we the burger we had for dinner tonight oh that wasn't.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Is.
It's OK.
It was. It was in the trash. It was a little bit left.
OK perfect. All right.
That's all I needed I think.
OK and is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you very much you've been really helpful.
Thank you so much. You have a good day mister Arms. Bye bye.
Thank you. Bye bye.
It's a wonderful day at Intellibank. My name is Micah. How can I assist you?
Hello, Micah. How are you today?
I'm doing great, sir. And you?
I'm not so great, Micah. I'm
I really hope you can help me. That voice answering machine was automated voice is was very upsetting me. I just really wanna talk to a real person.
Well, I I'm real, sir, and I'm happy to help. Are you a customer or customer to be ?
I'm a customer. I actually have a few accounts with you guys. Intel Bank, right?
Well, missing few I's that is we are Intellibank and we're happy to have you as a customer. May I please have your full name, date of birth and driver's license number, please ?
Steven Taylor, one ten nineteen eighty-six. And I'm no where near my wallet at the moment. Can you give me a minute and so I can go check?
Of course, no worries.
Thank you.
yeah, I can't find it right now.
Hey, no worries, sir. May I please have the last four digits of your social security number?
One one zero one.
Thank you, sir. For security purposes, I need the answer to the security question. What is mother's maidens name?
Voloski. V O L O S K I.
Thank you. That matches our records. I have found an auto loan, checking account and a credit card with us. What may I help you with?
I moved to Texas and I can't remember if I changed my address or not.
Where did you move to, sir?
I am in Texas.
OK. We seem to have your old address in Florida.
OK. Let's change it. My new address is one eight five Seagrass Way Forth Worth, Texas seven six one four four.
OK. Let me confirm. The new address is one eight five Seagrass Way, Forth Worth, Texas and the ZIP code is seven six one four four.
Yes.
One moment while I make some changes here to your account.
Now, do you need to update your telephone number as well?
Actually, let's do that too.
OK. Give me one second. My system is updating your address so I'm just waiting here so we can switch update your phone number.
OK.
Now, what is your. What is your new phone number?
Eight one seven five one two three four nine four.
Thank you and that number was eight one seven seven five two three four nine four.
Correct.
OK Thank you so much. Listen, I have sent you an email confirmation to the email on file and that email is Steven Taylor eight one seven at Gmail dot com.
Yeah, that's a good email address.
Great.
Now, sir. Would you be interested in setting up online banking? Listen, it's a very easy process and it will allow you to check your balance update your personal information, dispute transactions set up wire transfers, pay bills. It's very convenient and it's very easy to set up.
At this moment I'm very busy but can you send the information via email or text?
Of course, I can. Would that be to the Steven Taylor email address we have on file?
Correct.
OK.
So what I'll do is I'm gonna send you a a set up link for your online. OK with instructions. So the instructions are very easy. Just follow that and you have about seventy-two hours to activate it.
So it gives you about three days.
After seventy-two hours, that link will no longer be valid. So you gonna have to call us back if you require to set up an online banking so we can send you a new link.
Oh, OK. That gives me a bit of time to get that set up.
Please do that.
Sounds good. I actually just sent the link to the email on file.
We just got a confirmation. yeah, it has been sent. Now, is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No, thank you. Have a great day, Micah.
Thank you so very much for calling, sir. You too. Have a a fantastic day and thank you for being an Intellibank customer.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hello there. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Fuller. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Hi there. Listen, I'm a customer and I need help. I lost my credit card and I'm having problems with my checking account.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. And I can certainly help you with those issues.
I'm walking the streets of Venice. I'm on vacation.
Oh. That sounds nice. I've, I've always wanted to travel there. It looks like a really special place.
Although, I'm concerned regarding what you just shared with me. And I'm here to help.
OK. Well, I'm with my five daughters. And we're having a reunion of sorts. My oldest and I got into a fight at the restaurant called Vesuvio's. And now I don't know what to do!
Oh. well I'm sorry to hear that. Let's get started with that lost credit card you had just mentioned. Let me pull this up. Can I just have your full name, please?
Yes. It's, it's Terri. Terri Longmire. T E R R I. L O N G. M I R E.
OK. That's T E R R I. Longmire, L O N G M I R E. OK. Thank you Ms. Longmire. can you please just give me your date of birth?
Yeah. It's one twelve seventy.
OK. One twelve seventy.
Thank you. now Ms. Longmire, I need to ask you a security question. what is your mother's maiden name?
Her last name was Phoenix.
OK. Correct.
Thank you, Ms. Longmire. do you happen to know the number for that credit card that you just lost?
I, I've had that card for fifteen years. The number is two three four five. Three three four five. Four five three two. Eight eight seven nine.
OK. I'm just gonna repeat that right back. two three four five. Three three four five.
Four five three two.
Eight eight seven nine. OK. Yeah, it came up.
perfect. And may I ask the last date that you were wh~. I'm sorry Ms. Longmire.
When was the last time you. when was it that you lost this card?
Today. Right now.
Fifth of October.
Oh, got it. OK thank you. so Ms. Longmire, when was the last time that you used this card?
I just used it at the restaurant. But then, after my daughter and I got into it, she stormed off. I think she might have taken, but I just I, I think, I don't know. We should cancel it. Just to be sure.
OK perfect. I'm gonna go ahead and just cancel that card for you right now. done.
Wait. I wasn't at Vesuvio's. That was the restaurant we were at earlier. We were just at a cafe named Vlad's. They're so similar. I, I, I got confused.
Oh OK. Yeah, thank you for clarifying that, Ms. Longmire. I do see that as the most previous charge.
And what I'm doing now is I have officially reported your card as lost. And or stolen for you. And, what I'm gonna do now is I'm reissuing a new one.
Great. but what good is that gonna do me now?
Oh. So you'll receive that new card in four to five business days. I'm gonna go ahead and send this new card to the address that I have on file for you.
right now I'm reading that as four eight seven north Gallow Lane. That's in Buffalo, New York. Is that correct?
Yeah. That's right.
OK. Good. And in the meantime, of course, I knew you said you were on vacation.
I can have a temporary card issued to you. And you can ha~, go ahead and pick that up at any local Intellibank, for you, there in Venice. does that sound OK?
yeah. That sounds perfect.
Great.
All right. So to activate the card, all you have to do is just dial the number on the back. It'll be on one of these little glossy stickers, and just verify a few items with the digital key pad on your phone.
Do you have any kids? Mine are such a hassle.
Oh. I do. And, I can relate. And, I'm sorry about that.
What do I have to do next?
Well, I'm taking care of everything for you, Ms. Longmire.
You know, you know what? I've changed my mind. I wanna close my account.
Oh, most certainly. I'm, I'm so sorry to hear that. May I ask why?
I don't wanna see any surprise charges pop up. I just, I just wanna clean slate.
OK. just hold for me one moment. all right. Pulling that up. OK. All right. So, Ms. Longmire, I just wanna confirm the number to the account you'd like to close.
Hold on. Let me look in my purse. I have the number written down.
OK. I will hold.
OK. It's one two three five. Five five three two. Four five.
OK. Great. So, I'm gonna go ahead and just close down this account for you. And fulfill that request.
need to know though. Where shall I transfer the funds?
My other bank. That routing number is three four four. Three three two one. It's a checking account.
OK. Perfect.
All right.
I have taken care of this for you, Ms. Longmire. Appreciate you being a valued customer of Intellibank. And just wanna know, is there anything else I can do to help you with today?
No. Thank you for your help.
Thank you, Ms. Longmire. Have a great day.
Hello, this is Roderick from Intellibank. How may I help you today?
Yes. Somebody while I was at the gas station somebody stole my Intel bank card. I don't know what to do. I think they're going to try to spend money on it.
OK. OK. And, real quick ma'am do you mean Intellibank?
Yeah yeah.
OK. I'm so sorry to hear about that. Have you reported this to the police?
Not yet.
OK. I recommend that you report this to the police as soon as possible. And, I'm going to help you with replacing that card and closing down your previous card.
I'm just going to ask you for some basic information just to verify who you that you are who you say you are. May I please have your first and last name?
Roshanda Jackson.
Thank you so much ma'am. And, how's Roshanda spelled?
R O S H O N D A.
And, is Jackson spelled J A C K S O N?
Yes sir.
Thank you so much ma'am. Can I have your date of birth?
Yes. My date of birth is June thirtieth two thousand and one and my last social is nine nine two eight. Just case yeah.
OK. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much ma'am.
OK. Can I OK.
And, can you give me your pet's your first pet's name?
Lady.
Thank you so much ma'am. Everything was correct. Can I get a credit card number that was stolen?
Yes sir. It's eight nine five zero two four two three four seven one five six seven six zero.
And, I'm going to read it back to you. the numbers that you gave me. Was it eight nine five zero two four two three four seven one five six seven six zero?
Yes sir.
Thank you so much ma'am.
And, do you know the date date in which this credit card was stolen?
October first.
OK. Thank you so much.
And, ma'am do you know your recent transaction on the credit card? Do you know where you last shopped or was it online? Was it in the store?
Do you remember the place?
I believe it was September twenty-eight.
at Walmart.
Yes ma'am. And, just so you know I don't see any other transactions that were taken out of this card.
All right. Good. If they do take anything out will I be reimbursed?
Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. And, in fact what will happen is we'll be able to trace the person that does it. what was the location and everything like that. And, so we'll definitely put an investigation on it. But, what's going to happen is they shouldn't be able to do it because right now at this very moment what I'm bout to do is I'm bout to actually close that card. I'm going to actually make it where any type of transaction will be void and I've canceled and what I'm actually going to do is I'm going to go work work on getting you that replacement card. So give me just one second while I get it. While I cancel the previous card that you had you had. I'm just going to ask you for just some basic information so I can send you a new one. OK?
Yes sir.
How's your day going by the way?
My day is going good. I'm just so sorry that your your card was stolen.
Yeah. It's all right. I'm just glad they didn't took any money out.
That's always a good thing, you know? A lot of people don't get get lucky when things like that happen when a card is taken. It's just it's just very sad.
OK ma'am. I have canceled that credit card and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna send you a new one. I'm going to look through your information just to see the address we have on file. I want to make sure it's current to where you're living at.
Yeah.
Yes sir. I have just one question.
Oh. no problem, ma'am. Just let me know.
How long is going to take to get the card and when I get it am I going to have the same credit card number or it's going to be a different one?
OK. Yes ma'am. So the credit card number is definitely going to be different and it usually takes one to two weeks to receive your new credit card.
All right.
OK. Yes ma'am. The address I have on file for you is three eight six Taylor Street.
Yes. That's correct.
Thank you so much ma'am.
And, so what I'm going to do since I have your address on file is I'm going to put in our system to send you a new card.
OK. Everything has Everything has been put through our system and we're going to start mailing off today. and so you already so you already asked me when you're going to get your new card and that will be one to two weeks just to confirm that with you.
when you do get the card ma'am I want to just let you know that you need to look at the card and it will bea sticky sticky tab on it and it's going to have a pad and it's going to have a number. What's going to happen is you're going to call call that number at the bottom bottom of the card and it's going to take you to our computer system and all you do is impute your PIN and then your new card will be ready ready to use that same day.
Is there anything else I can help you with, Ma'am?
Yes. I like I just want to update my email address for my account.
OK. That's not a problem. Yes Ma'am, I can definitely help you with that.
OK. Yes, ma'am. The address I have on file, the email address I have on file for you, ma'am Is. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I'm just looking through some things.
OK.
OK. I'm sorry. I I was looking through the wrong thing, ma'am. So sorry this is on my end. can I have the account number?
Yes sir. Hold on. Let me go grab it.
All right. It's five five six eight one zero two three two three one six.
Thank you so. Thank you so much, Ma'am.
OK, and as your email address I do have on file for that account is Roshonda Jenkins bad at G mail dot com. Is that correct?
I want to change it to Roshonda Jackson ninety-one at Gmail dot com.
OK. Is everything lower case, Ma'am?
Yes sir.
And, this is at G mail dot com?
Yes sir.
Thank you so much. I'm just going to type everything in. OK. I have everything saved, Ma'am.
it's going to take about five minutes just for it to update through our system and remember that your card will be here in one to two weeks. if your card has not come in just all just give us a call back.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No sir. That'll be all.
Thank you for calling us here Intellibank. We're open twenty-four seven Monday through Friday. Have a good day.
You too.
Hello.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank today. How may I help you?
I would like to a stolen card.
OK, no problem. I will first gather some information from you. First can I have your name and date of birth please?
my name is Charlene Peterson. And my date of birth is the twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
Great thank you so much and can I get your account ID number?
my account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
Thank you and can I also get your credit card number?
my credit card number is four nine two nine three eight one three two seven five five two two two four.
All right, thank you so much. And can I ask you when is your date of loss that you first notice your card was lost?
It was around two days ago.
Around two days ago. OK.
I'm just recording all of your information on my end. And can I ask also what was your most recent transaction that you remember doing on that card?
I remember going for shopping at .
OK, sure. One second. And would you like your card to be canceled? And to be reissued a new one?
Yes, I would love that.
OK, no problem.
OK.
And can you confirm from. Oh yes, go ahead.
And.
I'll also like to change the email address.
OK. OK, no problem. first can I confirm your email address to send your new card to?
OK, the new one.
Your current address. Your home address to send the card to.
OK, my current address is nine thirty-three Brookside Street. Dallas city. Texas. And the code is seven five zero four one.
OK.
Mhm.
All right, thank you so much for that. I have reissued you a new card. You should receive it in about four weeks. And I've canceled your old one. And now I can go ahead and update your email address if you will like.
Yeah.
Can I get your new email address?
It is Petersons at Gmail dot com.
Would you mind spelling it out for me please?
OK, P E T E R S O N S.
OK. So that is Peterson at Gmail dot com. Is that correct?
Yeah, that's correct.
All right, it's going to take a moment to update. One second please.
OK.
All right, your email address has been updated. And you should get a an email address from. At that email address which will state the update taking place. And did you have anything else you would like to update?
No, that was the only thing.
All right, great. And did you have any other questions about banking? Such as online banking or the apps or how to make a eCheck deposit?
No, that was my. Those were my inquiries for today.
OK, sounds good. Well thank you for calling Intellibank.
Well, thank you your help.
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great Kim. Thanks for asking and how are you?
I'm doing pretty great. you know sad that it's Sunday and about to be the end of the weekend but it was really nice weather this weekend. Oh my goodness I can't even tell you. Don't get me started on the weather. Hopefully you got to get out and enjoy some of the weather maybe yesterday.
well unfortunately it was more like enjoying it through my open window while I'm doing laundry. But I can not complain because it has been the eighth level of you know what here at the beach, so so hot.
oh no.
Oh yeah.
And it's finally finally calmed down and now it feels more like fall. The only downside is is it's been really overcast. So it feels really dark and dismal and I love the sunshine. I need the sun to come out and it just to be cooler, but not with all the humidity.
Right.
Is that too much to ask? Maybe. I don't know.
No. No. I don't think that's too much to ask at all.
Well.
well Rose I need some help today please with a transaction. I just opened up my my statement that I got in the mail and there was a charge on there I didn't recognize. So I was wondering if you could help me out with that.
Sure. I can take a look at that. I just have to ask you a few questions so that I can get into the account you're speaking about. And which is that by the way? What type of account is it?
it's my checking account.
OK. I just have to ask you a few questions, like I said, and then I can get in there and look at that. Sounds like you may need to dispute a transaction. Excuse me. OK I know you said your first name is Kim. What did you say your last name was?
Oh, sure.
It's Johns. That's J O H N S.
OK thank you so much Ms. Johns and what is your date of birth?
that's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK thank you and I have to ask you your security question. What is you mother's last, I mean excuse me, her maiden name?
It's Murphy.
Thank you. And I need the account number for your checking account.
Sure. Hold on one second here.
Sure. Take your time.
Here we go. OK my checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
OK thank you so much and the reason for your dispute is you just you don't recognize the charge right?
Right. Exactly. I don't recognize the charge. the the charge was on September tenth. and it's for a hundred and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
and I don't recognize the company. It's T E C H Y. I I don't recognize that company and I haven't had any service via anybody with that that company name or for anything for that amount actually.
OK.
OK. Well I have to ask you a couple of questions. They might sound a a bit redundant, but I have to ask them anyway. OK?
Sure.
All right. is anyone else have access to your account that could have possibly made this transaction?
no. No one else has access to my account.
OK and also I know you said you you did you say that you've reached out to the business already or no?
No I I did dial the number that I found online for that business but it never got to a live person it always had had me leave a message. And no one ever got back to me. So that's when I just decided to dispute it with you guys. Cuz I thought you know maybe there's something that I'm not thinking of. but I can't I've racked my brain. I can't think of what it what it would be from, so like I said, I just wanted to call you guys to dispute.
Of course and I completely understand that. I would do the same thing.
Yeah.
I did have to ask you one more thing. could it possibly be a regular membership fee or subscription fee that you might have forgotten about?
no I only have one regular fee that comes out and that's for a service through Apple and it's only nine dollars and ninety-nine cents every month, so no other regular subscriptions or or monthly withdrawals or anything like that.
OK. All right. So what is the dollar amount of the transaction that we're talking about?
a hundred and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
OK. What I'm gonna do Ms. Johns is go ahead and submit this to the dispute department and they may need to speak to you. I have to put you on just a a brief hold. OK? while I give them all of this information and I'm pretty positive I have everything that I need to get this investigation started for you.
Sure.
bear with me just a few moments and I'll be right back.
OK sure.
OK Ms. Johns I apologize for that hold. So what's gonna happen now is we're going to have to close. I mean I'm sorry, not close, but just put a hold on your account until the investigation is over. that investigation is taking place now. It has been started and we're going to contact you by the email and the phone number that we have on file. I just wanted to make sure that we have the correct one.
Sure the my phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five. And my email address is K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK. Thank you so much for providing that. it takes about two to three, I mean excuse me, three to five business days with these investigations, sometimes a little bit shorter and sometimes longer. However, the department will contact you first through phone and then through email. I have sent you a confirmation that this investigation has been initiated, so you should be getting that within the next thirty seconds. do mind checking to make sure that you have it?
yes I did get it. I saw the confirmation come across my phone.
Awesome. OK Ms. Johns. Well we've got you all set up here. And was there anything else that I could help you with today?
no that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I appreciate it.
You are very welcome and as a part of the Intelli family we would love Intellibank family we would love to express that we really value your loyalty. And your business and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thank you too.
Thank you bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. You've reached your agent, Bernard. How may I help you today?
Hi. I wanted to know how can I get cash right now using my debiting card?
Your debit card?
yeah. My debit card. Thank you for correcting me because people people is always correcting me because you know, when I came from my home country I didn't know the correct pronunciation of many words. For example, yesterday I went to the movie theaters and I said can you get my a big bag of popping popping corn. And they told me, well, it's not called popping corn. It's called popcorn. And I said thank you. So thank you too.
Aww, I'm glad they corrected you especially because a movie without popcorn is just not the same.
Yeah, I know. So yeah. It's great to know how to pronounce the correct way a lot of words because. Yeah, I'm learning still.
Yeah. Well, I hope you enjoyed your movie. and I can definitely help you with that. I I could suggest that you visit an ATM. Would that be preferable to you?
Yeah. You can just tell me which is the one that is closer to me.
OK. No problem. what is your? What city are you currently in?
Yeah. I'm in North Carolina, and four seven six Blue Ridge Road, Raleigh.
OK, perfect. let me go ahead and pull up that find out and it looks like you have some a few ATMs near you. We have one which is just a couple blocks away down at one seventy-six Blue Ridge Road and and we have another one which is just around the corner on Glenwood Ave. It's at thirty-two fifty-five Glenwood Ave. You have a couple ATMs. We also have a different banking ATM if you would be interested in knowing about that?
No, I think that's OK. I would like to know what's the daily withdraw limit and does the ATM accept cash deposits?
The daily withdraw limit will be one thousand five hundred dollars and the ATM does accept cash deposits. if you have up to forty bills at once.
Oh, OK. Great. Thank you, then. and also, I don't know if I can do that right now. I would like to check my account balance.
Oh, yes. I can definitely help you with that. what is the name on your account?
Yeah. It's Martha Williams. And my debit card number is four six eight five two four five one, two three six nine, eight five two three.
OK, perfect. Let me go ahead and put that in here. all right. It seems that you happen to have a account balance of seven hundred and forty-five dollars and thirty-six cents. A .
OK, great. It's great to know that. Thank you.
I'm glad to be of service. you can also find ATMs on our website. If you go to our website at WWW dot Intellibank dot com then we will actually have websites there if you click on the ATM locator you'll find at the top right corner of the page. That should be helpful in case you ever need to find one of the ATMs. You can also withdraw using other banks although fees might be involved.
Well that's very helpful. Thank you. I don't think that's there's any other information I need right now. I'm kind of in a hurry. So I need to go.
OK. Well, Mrs. Williams, it's been a pleasure helping you on the phone, and lemme just if you have any problems, you can give us a call back.
OK, great. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. I need to find where is a branch near where I live?
Sure. Happy to help you with that. And if I could just ask what's your name?
Evelyn Richards.
All right. And Miss Richards are you a customer here with us at Intellibank?
Yes. And also by the way I also wanna get my interest rate for my savings. Account.
Happy to help you with both of those issues there Miss Richards. And in order to pull up that information I'll just need to verify a little bit of information. first of all what's your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
And what is your phone number?
Six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
All right. And what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
Terrific. Miss Richards, for me to pull that up let me just get the account number for your savings account?
All right. I don't have that right in front of me. Can you hold on?
Sure.
All right. I I have it now.
OK. And if you would go ahead and let me know what the account number is?
OK. It's nine eight four six five nine.
OK.
Oh OK. No. I'm sorry. That's not right. It's nine eight four six five nine six.
All right. And that is nine eight four six five nine six?
Yes.
All right. Terrific. I was able to pull up your account and I see here Miss Richards that the interest rate on your savings account is at zero point five percent.
Oh that is great. I that makes me happy.
Well you got we of course do try our best to make sure that the our customers who trust us with their funds get some sort of return of investment on their deposits with us.
Well I think that's a good thing.
Well if you would I know you said you wanted to find a bank. let me know Miss Richards what is the address that you are looking for a branch near?
OK. I'm looking for one near the one forty-one Oakwood Avenue.
OK. That's one forty-one Oakwood Avenue. What's the city?
Daton.
And what state is that?
Ohio.
OK. Terrific. I will pull this up here in just a moment.
You know I tell you I am so excited about these you know the NBA and the NFL. You know all together. It's just unusual that they're playing it so closely together.
Well yeah. I mean the you know sports is is always fun. to be able to you know watch the game or go to the game and depending on if you're a football fan or a basketball fan or both I it's always something new and interesting. Now what what what team do you like to watch?
Well I'm I like a lot of different teams believe it or not. you know individual players.
Uh-huh.
you know and also you know of course with the football NFL Tom Brady is the GOAT.
All right. Well I think a lot of folks would agree with you on that.
Well good. I would think so with his record.
And Miss Richards it appears I was able to pull up an address that's about a half mile away from the address you gave me. that is at five twenty-six Jefferson Avenue.
OK. Can you give me one other option?
Sure sure. I I see another one that's about three miles from the address you gave me. That is at two thirty-five Williamson Road.
OK. Well I believe that five twenty-six Jefferson will be better.
All right. Well not a problem at all. And just so you're aware Miss Richards you can also go online if you so choose. are you familiar with our online banking at all?
No.
All right. Well with online banking you can simply go online and go visit our website enter in and create your user name and password whatever you choose and from there you can simply enter that information in, your account information will pull up, you can check your account balance online but you can also find branches or ATM locations right there online by simply entering in the address that you wanna find a branch location and it'll offer you several options near that address.
OK. All right. The way you did?
yes ma'am.
OK.
Well is there anything else I can assist you with here today Miss Richards?
No. I believe that's everything I needed today.
Well Miss Richards again enjoy yourself some football and basketball and of course we thank you for doing business with us here.
Thank you.
You have a good day.
You as well.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary. How can I help you today?
Hi. This Peter Davis. I want to deposit a large amount of money and I don't know how to do it.
OK sir. let me see. So you are a. you already have an account with us?
Yes.
OK sir. So basically I can find a bank location for you to go in to visit a bank branch. Would you be interested in that?
Yeah but what are the opening hours there?
Most bank branches are open from nine to six, Monday through Friday, and eight to twelve on Saturdays.
OK. And where can I find the nearest bank that I can deposit?
OK.
Well sir. Let me get a little information from you and I will find the nearest location to you. OK. Mr. Davis. What is your street address? Are you are you in town where you're located or where you live? OK. go ahead and give me that information and I will pull something up for you.
What?
Yes.
That's one thousand Maryland Street. Austin.
OK. One thousand Maryland Austin. OK. It looks like there is a bank located at North Lamar and Research. Do you know where that is?
Yeah but I think that's too far to walk because it's very hot outside at the moment.
Yes sir. That is probably a little far but we only have one bank branch in Austin.
OK then. I will take the car. It's not a problem then.
OK. So. Yes. It's at the corner of Lamar and Research Boulevard. They're open. Like I said. They will be open Monday through Friday, nine to six. Saturdays, they're open till noon.
OK. And so I can walk in there and they can help me.
Yes. No problem. Just go in there. you will need your account number so they can credit the credit the cash. if it's a large sum they'll take it to the back room and they'll run it through a counting machine. And verify all the All the bills that you have.
OK. And then I have another question. I wanna have a traveler's card.
OK. A traveler's card. We have a couple of options. do you plan on spending a certain amount of money each month?
No no no. Just a traveler's card.
A the
Basic one. OK. So we have three options. We have one that's twenty-nine dollars a year. And it only gives out though. Unfortunately. One point per purchase. Per dollar purchase. And we have the second one that is fifty dollars a year that gives out one point five point per dollar purchase. And we have the Premium Platinum Plus. Costs two hundred a year, but the rewards are awesome. It pays out four times the dollar purchase.
the middle one.
OK. So the one for fifty dollars. The one and a half points. OK. So I can Would you like to fill out an application online with me or. OK. So let me get that information. Let's see. Peter Davis.
Yes please.
Correct.
Let's see. What is your date of birth Mr. Davis?
November four nineteen sixty-eight.
November fourth nineteen sixty-eight. Do you have your driver's license number handy?
Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Four zero zero two one four eight one. And I will need your full social security number. Do you have that handy?
That's eight one nine two two two zero zero.
OK. Eight one nine two two two zero zero. And let's go over your home address again. What is that sir?
That's one thousand Maryland Street. Austin, Texas.
Mhm.
Seven eight one two two.
OK. One thousand Maryland Street. Austin, Texas. Seven eight one two two.
Yes.
OK. are you gonna have an authorized purchaser on this account as well? An authorized user.
No. Only me.
OK. Only you. we also offer different photo options on it. Is there any football leagues. Soccer league. Anything that you would like to put on the cover of that?
The Texas Longhorns.
Awesome. Yay. Go horns. OK. So we'll get the Longhorns put on that. let's see what else we got on this application I need to fill out for you. I think that's about it. So let me get this through the system. Oh wait. I need to add your. What is your salary Mr. Davis? How much do you make per year?
seventy-five thousand.
OK. Seventy-five thousand. And who is your employer?
I'm self-employed.
Self-employed. OK. let's see. What phone number is the best phone number for you?
That's five one two four six seven zero one four three.
Five one two four six seven zero one four three?
Yes.
OK. Gimme one second. Lemme get this application wrapped up. how's your day going Mr. Davis?
Was good, but my leg is hurting.
Aww. I'm sorry to hear about that sir.
I'm
Getting old.
Aww. We all are getting old Mr. Davis. We all are getting old. OK. So let me get that application through and it is usually takes about one minute or so for approval or denial. And let's see what we got here. It should be coming through in just a minute. lemme put you on hold for just a moment Mr. Davis.
OK.
Oh. OK. Mr. Davis I'm back. And it looks like your application was approved. Yay. OK. Lemme see what the limit is on that card you'll be receiving. OK. It looks like twelve thousand dollars. and the interest rate on it is eight point five percent.
That's good.
That's OK.
So what we will we do is They'll usually send this card to you. Probably. You'll see it at your house between the next five to seven business days. you'll just need to activate it from your home number. Make sure it is your home number. Otherwise, it will not activate. And we. We really appreciate your business Mr. Davis. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. I'm good.
OK. Well thank you Mr. Davis for being a proud member of the Intellibank group. And If you have any problems call me back. My name is Mary.
OK. Thank you very much. Bye bye.
Thank you Mr. Davis. Goodbye.
Good afternoon this is Rose. How can I help you today?
Hi Rose my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing really good. Thank you so much for asking and how are you?
I'm doing great. Thank you. I have a a statement here and I am looking at a transaction that I don't recognize. I am looking at the the date and who is charging as well as the amount and I definitely don't recognize any of this. And I was wondering if you could help me with that.
Mhm.
I certainly can. So it looks like you may need to dispute a transaction?
yes please.
OK we can certainly take a look at that for you Kim. I just have to get a little bit of information from you OK so we can get into your account.
Sure.
All right so I know you said your first name is Kim and that's just Kim not Kimberly?
Right exactly.
OK and what's your last name?
my last name is Johns that's J O H N S.
Thank you so much Miss Johns. And what is your date of birth?
It's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK thank you. And I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
Sure, that's Murphy.
Thank you and the account number that's is in question. And what type of account is this?
it's my checking account and let me see here I don't know that off the top of my head and yeah, it's not on this on the statement. Of course it only has like the last four digits. hold on for one moment for me please. Let me go grab that.
Certainly.
Take your time.
Thanks hun.
are you still there Rose?
Yes I'm still here.
OK so sorry about that. I'm still looking for it. Bear with me OK?
No worries I understand.
Thanks so much.
You're welcome.
OK I found it. Sorry about that I sat it on the kitchen counter. I didn't even remember I did that.
No worries. I do that kind of stuff all the time.
I'm the worst. I cannot keep up with anything. OK the account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine five.
All right. And what is the dollar amount that we are disputing today?
It's one hundred and fifty-three dollars and eleven cents. it looks like it's like a some sort of tech company. when I try to look it up online I couldn't find a telephone number for the company to contact them It didn't look like it was based out of the US. So I'm not sure but I just wanted to call you guys and dispute it coz I know that I haven't used any services from any type of company like this.
Nor have I charged anything for that amount.
OK and that's what I was gonna ask you if you had reached out to them and of course your reason for the dispute is because you don't recognize this transaction. I just have to ask you a few questions. I'm sorry they may sound a little bit redundant but I have to ask you in order to move this through to the dispute department. OK is there anyone else that could possibly have access to your account that might have made this transaction?
That's OK.
no. No one has access to my account information.
OK and do you have any membership regular membership or subscription fees set up that could be possibly have been?
I do have a recurring subscription from Apple for storage but it's only for its nine ninety-nine and it always comes out on the same date in the month and it's that like I said I know it's not not them because it always says Apple and it's never more than nine ninety-nine. And if it went up it better not have gone up to a hundred and some odd dollars.
I know right? I was thinking that as I asked like, oh my God who would be charging a hundred dollars but Anyway. OK so I think that I have all the information that I need. I'm gonna go ahead and get this over to the dispute department. that will take a few moments and I have to put you on a brief hold. I did want to ask just one more thing before I go. what is your updated phone number and email because I do know that's how they will contact you.
Yeah.
Sure, it's seven one seven nine nine three zero five seven six is my phone number and my email address is my first initial and last name. K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
OK thank you so much Miss Johns. Bear with me just a few moments. I'm gonna go ahead and get over to the dispute department and get this investigation initiated for you OK?
OK thank you so much.
You're very welcome.
OK Miss Johns I want to go ahead and let you know that that investigation has been initiated. And it takes anywhere from three to five business days to to complete that. sometimes it takes a little bit longer. However, they will be contacting you through email and also phone. so be looking out for those for those communications as well. We unfortunately have to close the account. I mean we're not closing it but we are putting a hold on it just to make sure that those that no one else can make a fraudulent charge on your account OK? However, that freeze will come off of your account as soon as the investigation is done. OK?
Oh, OK.
Yeah I understand. Absolutely.
All right hun is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. I appreciate it.
You are very welcome. and as a part of our Intelli family just Intellibank family I wanted to let you know that we really value your business and your loyalty and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your evening.
Thank you, you too.
Thank you. Bye bye. .
Good afternoon. Welcome to Intelli Bank this is Rose. How can I help you?
hi Rose my name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing pretty good Kim. How are you?
I'm doing pretty well. Hopefully, your workday will be ending soon.
Oh yes, it is rounding out and I am so ready. I've had to work all weekend so
Oh no.
Yeah.
That's never any fun.
Nope because Monday seems to come so quickly.
Right exactly. You you like the extra money but having less free time is is not is never ideal.
No.
well, I needed help today, please. I am I need to open a new account. and I also want to check my account balance. My checking account. so I want to open a savings account and I want to check my checking account balance, please.
OK, certainly I can help you with that. would you like me to check your balance first or open the account? It'd be better to check the balance first because then I'll get all the information that I need to actually open your savings account.
Sure absolutely.
OK all right. So I know you said your first name is Kim. that's just Kim, not Kimberly?
right Kim and my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
OK thank you so much miss Johns and can you please provide for me your date of birth?
yes, it's April twenty-fourth nineteen seventy-seven.
OK thank you so much and also your security social security number.
Sure it's one seven three seven three nine five zero three.
Alright, thank you and also let's see here. OK. What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
OK thank you and also your phone number and email.
my phone number is seven one seven nine nine three zero seven eight five and my email address is K Johns at excuse me K Johns seven seven seven at Gmail dot com.
Alright thank you and can you. hold on let me see here and your current mailing address.
my mailing address is forty-nine Holland Drive and that's Philadelphia, Pennsylvania one nine one zero one.
Alright, thank you so much. OK and last thing is your checking account number.
OK my checking account number is one one two one zero zero zero five nine nine.
OK. Thank you.
Oh, I'm sorry it's I meant zero five nine five.
Oh OK thank you all right so that account balance miss Johns is three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents. And bare with me just a moment while I pull up all of the types of savings accounts that we have.
Oh OK thank you so much.
You are very welcome.
Yeah we've been trying to catch up on on our savings as well as you know our retirement. So I have a savings account through my work through my company and then I figured I need to also open a savings account through you know through you guys. you know can't never can have too much saved up.
Yes, you're absolutely right. We need several streams of income and several accounts. with money in them.
Yes.
Yeah, I agree.
Alright. So we have some high-yield deposit accounts that I can go over with you. We also have one. We have a a promotion going on this this month in October and you just happened to catch the very end of it. And that is for a free account. A free savings account that in that will will earn two percent in interest each quarter. However, it is free for two years. and then after two years then you will start to pay the you know the monthly fee. Would you like to take advantage of that?
Oh wow.
yes, I'd love to thank you.
OK, I'll go ahead and get you set up with that. Now what would you like your security question to be for this account?
I can use my mother's maiden name like for my my checking that's totally fine.
The same thing?
Yeah and it's the the name is Murphy. I'm not sure if you still have it up there.
Yes, mam OK. I'll go ahead and put that in there. Alright, I've got everything set up here. would you like any further information about setting up online banking? In order to be able to access both of your account balances in the future?
no that's OK. I normally do use the online banking but I was having problems with my service today so I I don't know what was going on but my phone wouldn't connect so I figured I'd just give you a call and you know handle it all through you guys.
Sure it's no worries. That's what we're here for miss Johns.
Well, thank you so much for your help. I really appreciate it.
Aw, you are so very welcome. If there's nothing else that you need I'll go ahead and let you go. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Thanks and you too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Ashley. How can I help you today?
Hi, yes ma'am. I was calling because I'd like to close one of my accounts please?
OK, I will definitely be happy to assist you with that. let me go ahead and get you verified so I can get into your account. may I have your first and last name please?
Hailey Parker.
Thank you and your phone number?
Three one five four four four two two three seven.
Thank you date of birth?
Four fifteen eighty nine.
Alright, and last four digits of your social security number please?
Two two six five.
Thank you and lastly for your security question, what was your first car?
A Honda.
Perfect. Alright,
Now, will closing this account effect my credit score at all?
No, it doesn't.
sorry to interrupt, do you guys have a way to check the credit score through the banking app?
Let me go ahead and answer the first question and then I'll get to your second one that'll wrap that up in there. So, it will not affect your credit score because we don't report you know, things like that to the credit card company. The only time we report it to a credit card company is like say you have a negative balance, you over withdraw and then you just leave it open once it's sitting there for a while yes, we will close it and report that to the credit card bureaus, but other than that, we don't do anything with credit. So closing your account will not affect your credit As far as checking your credit score with the banking app, we actually don't have any affiliate that we work with as far as grabbing the credit score to put on there, so I would still suggest you know, trying to get that on your own because we just don't have it and our banking app at this time. It may be something we can do in the future but at this time we don't, OK?
OK, thank you.
Your very welcome. So which account will you be closing today?
My checking account.
OK.
Alright, and let me go ahead and pull this up and I will grab the checking account and routing number from you for that checking account that you would like to close. go ahead and start with the routing number please.
I actually don't have my checkbook with me, so I don't have the routing and account number and I can't remember off the top of my head.
OK, well that is completely understandable. I don't memorize those numbers off the top of my head either. but due to company policy, I can't complete the closing of the account request without verifying the checking account and routing number first, however, I will happy to instruct you on setting up a online account so that you're able to complete the request at your convenience? Would that be helpful?
Yes ma'am, I would definitely appreciate that.
OK, all right, so there's two options. the first one is you can actually go online to Intellibank dot com, create your user name and password, they will be asking you personal, identifiable information so just make sure you definitely have your check book with you, because they are gonna ask for your checking account number and your routing number and then also you can go through the app app store, whether you have the Google play store or the Apple app store and download the Intellibank app and it's the same kind of procedure to set up the online account.
OK, now I know that they are going to ask for banking information but pretty obvious, but what other personal information will they be asking for?
they're will ask for pretty much the same information that asked you when you called in. To verify you like your name, your date of birth, they may ask for your social, your full social or just the last four of your social. they'll ask for your, you know, kind of set up a profile as well so you'll put your phone number in there and you'll put your address in there. some of those were required, some of them are optional, so, you know you'll see that whenever you set up the account. but once you get everything set up you'll be able to process your request right away.
OK, I just wanted to have a idea. now the questions that, the personal questions that they're gonna ask me I know that I have security questions with you guys, are they gonna be the same like if they ask me the same security questions, do I give them the same answer, or does that matter?
yeah they do have security questions on there that you'll have to ask just in case you get locked out of your account and you can't remember your password. So yeah, just, you know, answer them honestly, however they are they'll be, there's a bunch of different ones that you can choose from to answer and then you'll have that all set up, OK?
OK.
Alright, and is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No ma'am, that'll be all for today I really appreciate your help and I'm sorry I didn't have that information with me.
Oh no, it's perfectly fine if you need help with setting up the online account, feel free to give us a call, it was a pleasure assisting you today Ms. Parker and the rest of your day, OK?
You too, thank you and have a great day.
Thank you, bye bye.
.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Susan. How may I help you?
Hi Susan. Hey I, I think I lost my credit card.
You did. OK, so who am I speaking with?
I'm, my name is Todd Knickerson.
OK Todd. Can you give me your credit card number?
yeah it's, you ready? Four eight zero two. Six four one two. Seven seven zero five.
Yeah.
Two one seven seven.
That's four eight zero two. Six four one two. Seven seven zero five. Two one seven seven. Is that correct, Todd?
Yep. That's right.
OK. Hold on just a second here.
OK I will need some information about you. What is the. Or about your card. What is the last three digits on the back of the credit card?
Oh oh shoot
You don't have your card with you.
I. No, I.
Cuz I lost it. it's, I think it's, yeah that's what it is. Three one one.
OK, great. So your full name.
Is Todd Knickerson.
And your date of birth, Todd?
Is is August twenty one nineteen sixty nine.
OK, great. Now I need to authenticate this with. I need a number. Maybe your bank account number. Or your social security number.
Oh.
OK. I I have. Which one you want? I can give you either one.
OK. You can give me a social security number.
OK.
Zero three nine.
Four seven. Two two four six.
Great. OK and, and for the future. So we can quickly verify your identity. I would like to have you answer a security question. Such as your mother's maiden name? The name of your first pet? What street did you grow up on. Which question would you like to have?
I don't, it doesn't matter. the street thing. The street one.
OK. So what was the street you grew up on?
It was Old Harbor Road. Which is kind of funny, do you know why? Is there's no harbor. At all. It's not even near the ocean. I don't know why they did it. Do you ever run into that ?
That's interesting And, and, and so that's where you grew up on?
Yeah.
Yeah, Old Harbor Road. Yep. It's kind of funny.
interesting name.
Yep. So and so I, I I don't, you know I don't think the card was stolen. I think I just lost it. But who knows. I might have I might have dropped it, and then someone got ahold of it. Anyways, I had it. I had it this morning. But now I don't have it anymore.
OK. Let me, what was the date that you last had your credit card?
This morning. October fifth.
OK. And to verify I I have your. OK, you gave me the credit card number. What was the last transaction that you remember you making?
Well, I couldn't remember. I'm thinking is it the one I made online? Cuz I bought a piece of software online. But then I also went out to a a, a burger place downtown. I can't remember the name. Is, it was I think it was yeah. It was a, it was a, it was a burger taco place in, in Raleigh. In downtown Raleigh. I think was the last one.
OK. We have here your last transaction was tacos and more.
That sound familiar? OK. And do you remember the amount of that?
Oh, yeah, that was it. Yep. Yep, yep, yep, yep.
Oh no it was around twenty dollars. Something like that.
OK. Great. there seems to be no more transactions since that. So. Yes, that's very good. not too often. But yes we do see them sometimes and.
That's a good thing, huh?
Does that happen?
Very often? That you see more charges?
I bet sometimes. I bet sometimes people are in a panic when they call.
But we just have to confirm that.
OK. Now what I will do would you like me to would you like me to cancel? This credit card? And issue you a new card?
Yeah. Would they have a new number?
Yes.
Oh that's gonna be hard.
Yeah. I guess we gotta do that. I just gotta be more careful, I guess.
OK.
You know, I bet I left it at, no. I remember taking it back from the guy at the, at the taco place.
OK. Well we'll just send you a new one. And that would, you would get it in about five days.
So not too long.
Oh, OK.
All right. I can't use the other one obviously.
Correct. That one will. It's canceled. I just canceled that now. So you'll have to get the new one.
It's gon~, it's gonna be such a nuisan~, I have to update my credit card on all the places online that I
Unfortunately, that's the process.
Yeah. Well.
Yeah, it.
Is a pain. I agree.
Well, I have I run an online business, and ooh, it's gonna be. Must be a dozen of them. that's gonna be a pain. But.
Yeah.
Well, when you receive, you should receive your card. And when you receive it. it will it will have a strip on it. A number to call. It will act~, that will activate your card. You'll press in numbers, and it, and it will make it so. Make sure you call that number on the strip, before you use it, or the card isn't going to work.
Oh OK.
And I need to send that to you.
At your address.
And what's the, the address I have on file here is eighteen twenty Wake Forest Road In Raleigh.
Yep.
In Raleigh. Yep.
OK.
Then. So that's the address that I'll send it to.
Yep.
OK. Just a second here.
Great. OK. Is there anything else that you need help with?
No. I, I guess that's it. I, I mean if you could somehow make it so I didn't lose my credit card, that'd be great. But.
Well Todd, I'm sorry we can't do that part. But we can help you when you do.
OK.
I'll try not to do it anymore.
OK, Todd.
Well thank, thank you very much. And if you need anything else, call us back.
OK.
Yeah, OK.
Thanks Susan. I appreciate it.
Thanks for calling Intellibank.
OK. Bye bye.
Good morning, Intellibank, this is Amanda. How may I help you?
This is Jennifer Johnston. I wanna know how I can put some money into my sister's account.
Well, you could do a wire transfer or an internal transfer.
What's the difference?
An internal transfer can be done if she also banks with us and a wire transfer is done between different banks.
Oh, OK. She does bank with Intellibank also.
OK, so we can do an internal transfer then.
OK.
OK so, what is your full name and date of birth?
It's Jennifer Johnson and my birth date is eight six two thousand.
OK, what's the last four digits of your social security number?
Nine two one nine.
OK that's nine two one nine right?
Yeah, that's right.
OK, do you know your account number?
No I'm sorry I don't know it.
That's OK, do you know your ID number or a license number?
I know my ID number.
OK, what's that number?
OK, gimme just one second to get it.
OK, I'll wait.
OK it's F eight one nine zero four seven eight one.
OK that's F eight one nine zero four seven eight one.
Yes, that's right.
OK and what's the account number that you want to the money to go into?
It's two zero one three five one eight two nine zero and her name is Vanessa Johnston.
OK that's two zero one three five one eight two nine zero
Yeah, that's right.
OK and you said Vanessa Johnston?
Yes.
OK Jennifer, gimme just a second to get this info put in.
OK thanks.
How's your day been so far?
my day's been pretty good so far. How's yours been?
It's been pretty good.
OK so much are you wanting to transfer into her account?
five hundred even please and is there any fees to do this transfer? Also, will it be in her account today?
OK so you said five hundred even right?
Yes.
OK well there's no fees to make the transfer since both bank with us and yes the money should be in her account shortly.
OK thank you. So you think it'll be in her Intel bank within an hour?
Intellibank?
Yeah sorry, that's what I meant.
OK, I was just making sure because there is an Intel bank.
Oh no, it's Intellibank.
OK and yes it should be in the account within the hour.
OK, thank you.
you're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's it, thank you.
OK, are you signed up for our online banking?
I don't think so, what's that?
well our online banking is free but you can check your bank account balance and transactions anytime that you want to.
You can make mobile deposits, you can do bill pay and you can make internal transfers yourself if you want to.
Is it something that you think you would be interested in signing up for today?
No, I don't think so, not today.
OK, well if you change your mind you can always download the app. It's the Intellibank For All app on your phone or your laptop to get started.
OK thank you
All right, well you have a great day Jennifer.
You too.
All right, thank you bye bye.
Good afternoon. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Rose. How can I help you this afternoon?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. How are you today?
I'm doing great Kim. Thanks so much for asking.
How's the weather over there?
Well it's funny you asked. It literally just cooled down. I'm in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. I'm not sure where you are but the heat has been on another level this summer. We thought twenty twenty was bad. Twenty twenty-one was like no, I have more. So I am so happy to be experiencing what is fall weather for us. But I mean, we don't get as much of the beautiful change and the leaves and everything that everybody else gets, but you know, we also get to wear shorts at Christmas when everyone else is freezing outside. So pick your battles.
Oh, no.
Right, right.
Yeah. It's. It feels great here. Where are you?
That's too funny.
Well, that's awesome. I'm actually out of town. I'm in Denver, Colorado. I I normally live in P A, but I'm visiting a friend. And it's beautiful out here. Oh my goodness, I've I've not experienced the the scenery out here, out west like this. This is this is quite amazing.
Wow. That is amazing.
Yeah.
I wanna be where you are.
Well that's actually why I'm calling cuz I'm having trouble with my phone. And I need to find a branch near me and of course, this is the first time I've ever been out here. And I do not know where any branches are and my phone refuses to give me the information.
Aww, no worries. I can definitely help you with that. give me an address to where you are and let me see what I can help you find close by. And what distance would you like me to look up?
well, if it's possible, I guess whatever is kinda close. I'm out. We're out at a restaurant now but we just left. So let me lemme see here. I wrote down the address, where Here we go. Here, I have it. it is one eight eight nine, sixteenth sixteenth Saint Mall.
OK.
OK.
OK.
Oh, the sixteenth Street Mall is what that meant. You can tell I'm not from here.
Aww OK. I was like Saint Mall. Hmm.
I'm
Like Saint Mall, that doesn't make sense. and the ZIP code is eight zero two zero two.
OK. Thank you.
Sorry about
That. I was reading the the girl at the hostess stand. wrote it down for me, and I'm reading it along like this can't be right. Saint Mall.
Oh, it's
OK. I would've probably done the same things. No worries. All right. So we're looking for a ZIP code with within the eight zero two zero two ZIP code.
Yes.
I mean, not ATM. branch.
Yes, a branch. And honestly, I would like to know the ATM information as well if there is one available.
OK. Certainly. I can definitely help you with that. So let me see what I can find. Bear with me just a few moments.
Sure, no problem.
OK. I have found three that are within walking distance. So if you drive, that's gonna be really really close to you.
Oh, OK. Great.
Yes, ma'am. OK. So I was able to find one at four seven five Seventeenth Street.
And.
Not
Seventeenth to Saint?
Not seventeenth to.
I just wanna make sure.
Not Saint Street. And then, I also was able to find another one at a Seven Eleven that is so so close.
OK.
It's at eighteen hundred Welton Street. It's not even a minute away. It's so close to you.
Oh, wow. OK.
and then, there is another Seven Eleven about two miles from that one which is one five five zero, Courtplace and I'll tell you the hours. So the Seven Elevens, both of those are twenty-four hours. And then the the first branch that I gave you, the hours there are from nine a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday. And then on Saturday, it looks like it's open from nine a.m. to twelve p.m.. Now the bank is attached to both of those seven elevens so it's like a a split. You know how seven eleven is, you know, how they'll do like a like a restaurant on the end. It's the same thing, but it's just a bank.
Oh, OK. I got you.
Yeah.
OK, awesome. while I have you, can I also check my accounts since, like I said, I wasn't able to get on my phone to find a location or do anything cuz it's it's not the your website. It's my phone. I can't get a a signal. I don't know what's going on, so I was just wondering if I could check my checking account balance as well.
So.
Sure, I can definitely help you with that. I just have to ask you a few more questions so I can get into your account. OK? All right. So bear with me just a second while I change my screen.
Sure.
OK, Ms. Kim. Is it just Kim, and not Kimberly?
yes. Just Kim and my last name is Johns. It's J O H N S.
Aww, thank you so much. OK, and what is your date of birth, please?
my date of birth is April twenty-fourth, nineteen seventy-seven. and my telephone number is four excuse me. Seven one seven, nine nine three, zero seven eight five.
Awesome. Thank you so much. And I have to ask you your security question. What is your mother's maiden name?
It's Murphy.
All right. Thank you . And what is is this a checking account you're getting into, you said?
yeah, a checking account balance.
OK. And can you tell me the account number, please?
Sure. It's one one two, one zero zero zero five, nine five.
All right. Thank you. And we're just checking your account balance, correct?
Yes, please.
OK. It looks like you have three thousand and eleven dollars and twenty-two cents.
Oh, OK. Great.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, thank you so much for your help today. I really appreciate it.
Oh,
You're so welcome. I hope you have fun out there for both of us.
Thanks so much, hun. Have a goodnight.
You too. Thanks, Ms. Johns. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello, and thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Kathy. How can I help you today?
Hi. This is Laura Winters, and my granddaughter needs a need mixer. She her old one broke, and I decided that I want to help her and get one. But I need to find out if I have enough money in my account cuz they're on sale for three hundred and seventy-nine dollars right now. And so she has two orders for cheesecake. She needs it as soon as possible.
Absolutely. if you can give me your account number, please, I will be more than happy to verify that balance for you.
OK. Four one two five four seven two three zero.
Thank you so much. And I do also have to ask, what street did you grow up on?
St. Johnson Street.
Thank you so much, Miss Winters. And it does look like you have five hundred thirty-seven dollars and eighteen cents available.
Oh, great. OK. you know what? I can't seem to find my debit card. I I just can't find it. Can you help me get my card?
Let's see here. are you sure it's your debit card that's with Intellibank? I see here that it looks like you only have a savings account with us. you would need a checking account in order for us to have issued you a debit card.
Oh, well, I must be thinking of a different account somewhere else. But I don't want to use Intellibank for this purchase. so I would need to open a checking account then, right?
Yes, you would. you can either come to our branch in person or I can start the process right here over the phone with you.
Well, that would be great. Yes. I'd rather do it over the phone as much as possible.
Absolutely. In order to do so, I will just need to collect some information from you. And then once we've gone ahead and prepped the paper work, you can come by our branch to sign for the new account where we will also give you your debit card. That'll be ready for you the same day.
Oh, wonderful. You can do it that fast?
Yes, we can. We aim to serve here.
Oh, boy. Thank you. I'm really excited about this. I also want to know about checking fees.
Oh, yes. Absolutely. We do have a few fees associated with our checking accounts. We require that you have a minimum of fifteen charges to your account. Otherwise, there is a four dollar ninety-nine cent fee per month. and also, any items that are returned on your account for non-sufficient funds will have a thirty-four dollar and ninety-nine cent charge.
OK, well, I'll make sure that doesn't happen. OK. So how do I open my checking account and get is started?
I will just need to collect a little bit of information from you just to verify against our records here. If I could please first have your first and last name.
OK, it's Laura Winters.
Excellent. Thank you so much. I will also need your date of birth, please.
Four one fifty-five. That's April fifth, nineteen fifty-five.
Thank you. And if I could please have your full social security number.
Three seven eight three nine eight five seven seven.
Excellent. And, Miss Winters, if I could also have you verify the address on file with us.
OK. It is nine eight seven South Papa Drive, Pueblo, Colorado, eight one zero one three.
Excellent. And if I could also have your phone number, please, just have you verify that again for me.
It's seven one nine two one five two six nine nine.
Thank you so much. And because we will be establishing a additional suffix onto your account for the checking, we will also set up an additional security question and answer. we do have a couple different ones that you can pick from or you are able to select your own as well.
I'd like to select my own.
Absolutely. What did you have in mind?
Who was your first grade teacher?
Excellent. We can definitely use that. And what is the answer to that?
Mr. Morrison.
Wonderful. Give me just a moment, and I will go ahead and enter your information in the system here.
Oh, while you're doing that, let me tell you, I am so excited about getting this debit card right away because I have some orchids that I need to buy some supplies for. And one of them just started a new bloom spike. And I need to get some fertilizer so that I can make sure they keep blooming. And well, listen to me go on. Do you like orchids of growing plants?
I feel like I have a tendency to murder the plants that I try to interact with a little bit more. although, you know, my mother does have quite the green thumb. So although I have no skill whatsoever, I do really enjoy them.
Oh, that's so nice. yes, well, I enjoy them too. And I enjoy them enough for probably both of us.
That is good to hear. I'm glad that there are people out there like you and my mother taking care of the plants for us all. And, Miss Winters, I was able to enter everything into the system here. if you give us about another thirty minutes we will have that paperwork ready for you. And once you come to sign for that, we will be able to make the debit card for you. Do you have any other questions for me today?
No. Not not at this time. Thank you so much.
Absolutely. Thank you so much for reaching out to us. And I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. We look forward to seeing you soon.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary, how can I help you today?
This is Peter Davis. I want to say there's something wrong with the bank app I can't log in there. I need to make payments and it won't load. The screen won't load I mean.
Oh.
I'm so sorry to hear about that Mr. Davis. let me see, it looks like we do have some tickets in for slowness with the app. I'm really sorry to hear about that. you can also try to update that app on your phone. Maybe you don't have the latest update on it. Is that possible?
No, I I I don't have time for that right now. I need to go to the car dealer. Because they are fixing my car. And yeah, I need to be there before closing time. Anyway but I I calling because I wanted to update my home address.
Oh OK. Yes sir, I can help you with that. Just lemme pull up my screen. And you provided me with your name. Your name's Peter Davis correct?
Yes.
do you have your date of birth?
November fourth nineteen sixty-eight.
And do you happen to have your drivers license handy?
Yes. Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Correct.
And we have a security code set up. Do you know what that might be?
marlin. M A R L E N.
OK, great. we also let's see what we've got on here. can you please verify your email address.
Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com.
OK, yep. I've got that, that's correct. OK so what is it you were wanting to update again?
My street address.
OK so right now we have five forty west Lynn street in Austin Texas.
That's the old one. I'm glad I'm gone there. Too hot in that building.
Aww. That's so funny sir. OK, let me let me back out of this one and let me delete that and get your new information. OK so what what is your new home address?
It's one thousand Mary Lynn Street. Austin, Texas seven eight one two two.
OK. We got one thousand Mary Lynn Street Austin, Texas seven eight one two two. OK, so I got that updated. let's see. You've been a great customer of ours for the last fifteen years. Thank you so much for your business.
Yeah.
we have a new savings account option. Is that something you might be interested in?
Yeah, sure why not.
OK. So let me see what I've got here. I can send it over via email or to your new home address. Would you like to receive it there?
email please.
OK, so I'll get that set up to send you it over. Oh and by the way sir, we have a new thing that you can do with your debit card. Your ATM card. You can get a picture put on it.
What do you mean with a picture?
You can pick your favorite football team, your animals, anything. It it kinda of is a design.
Oh yeah.
That would be nice.
OK great sir. So lemme get that information sent over to you. I'll send it over to you via email?
Yes, also email.
OK.
That's great. It's a free service you can just select whatever picture you would like on it. And we also do that with checks too, do you happen to still use checks?
No. No. I don't use them anymore.
OK.
When I go to the Longhorn games every time. So that would be great if I have now the Longhorns on there.
Yes we have a quite a few customers who love to put the Longhorns on their card. so let me get that information set up. For you. We also have a monthly newsletter we send out on a monthly basis. It goes out mm about midmonth. Talks about all of the new interest rates at the bank. it also talks gives you information about our managers. We do spotlights on employees. Is that something you would like to receive?
Yes please. Also through email.
OK. Yes, we do have an electronic copy version of that. So let me get that setup for you. OK, I've got that set up right now. And those usually go out midmonth. and you should receive that, let's see, probably in about two weeks you'll receive the first one at your email address.
And a friend of mine told me there was a new travelers card. The platinum one.
Yes we do have a new traveler's card. It's the platinum plus edition. it does cost a little bit more on a yearly basis to have it. But the rewards offerings is quadruple what you normally would get.
Yeah he said two hundred dollars a year or something.
Yeah, it's two hundred a year. But the reward points you get for every transaction you make is four times that transaction amount.
Yes I would it will have some information about that too.
OK, sure. So I'll get that one set up. let's see what else we have. Would you be interested in the new auto loans that we have?
No no no no no. But I need to go now because it's almost closing time for the car dealer.
OK sir. So let me make sure that everything went through with your home address oh something didn't take in the system. Hang on just a second.
OK sir. Can you please verify your home address again?
Yeah. That's one thousand Mary Lynn Street. Austin Texas seven eight one two two.
OK. One thousand Mary Lynn Street. Austin Texas seven eight one two two.
Correct.
OK. I'm sorry. we've been having so much trouble with our systems today. They've been lagging. That's probably what's been giving you that app problem too. but yeah. OK, it looks like it is now holding. Everything's gone through, and set up, and verified. You'll be receiving all that information you requested either by email or by post to your home. is there anything else you need assistance with today Mr. Davis?
No miss.
OK, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. I'm Mary, let us know if you need anything else.
OK. Bye bye.
Goodbye.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes. I got something in the mail today about my loan.
I don't have enough money to do today so what are my options?
Happy to help you with that, ma'am. And, let me see, I'm just going to need some information to pull up your your account. ma'am first of all what's your name?
Elenor Richards.
OK. And Ms. Richards are you a you're a customer with us correct?
Yes.
All right. I'm just gonna need to verify your account with us. if I could ask what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
All right. And also what is your home phone number?
Six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
Terrific. Terrific. And for security purposes what is your mother's maiden name Ms. Richards?
Sanchez.
OK. Thank you. Thank you. I. And you said you received notification in the mail from us about your loan?
Yes I did.
OK. what is. I see you've got a few here. what is your loan account number with us Ms. Richards?
Well just a second let me.
Get that. OK.
OK. All right. It is nine eight four six five nine one.
OK. That number is nine eight four, six five nine one?
Yes.
Terrific. Terrific. And Yes. All right. I was able to pull up your account with us Ms. Richards and Yeah. I. I see you're right that we sent you something in the mail here about your loan. It appears the payment is due today. and the payment amount due today is six hundred and thirty seven dollars. what might be an option because you're. You're right you said you don't have enough funds in the account, what you can do if I may suggest if you want, if you have cash or something of that nature or money order, you can come into the branch and you can make a payment that way on your loan, just do it in person. if. Since you don't have the accounts in your. The funds in your account. Does that make sense there for you, Ms. Richards?
Yeah. I prefer to do that.
Terrific. Terrific. do you know where a branch is near you? Or are you on the road, are you traveling?
No.
OK. Yeah. Well I'll be happy you help you locate a branch near wherever you might be. If you would, let me ask, what is the street address that you're at so that I can pull up a branch near there?
OK. It's one one seven Hall Street.
OK. That's one one seven Hall Street. And that's in what city?
Dayton.
Dayton. And that state is?
Ohio.
All right.
OK well you know Let me say this. I. You know, was at the grocery store and it you know the people in there just seem like they just don't want to work or something. you know. Have you ever felt that way?
Oh I can understand sometimes it seems like people are distracted I guess right?
Oh yes.
Well. You know, you know hopefully you know they'll get better at that. I. I. I don't know what to say about that sometime other than you know talk to the manager. But sometimes even that is you don't have time to do that.
Exactly.
OK. So the one one seven Hall Street branch.
Sure sure. I was able to find a location that's about a half mile from there that's at twenty-two eleven
Jefferson Road.
Yeah, that'll work.
OK. Terrific. Terrific. And let's see here. Is there anything else I can help you with there Ms. Richards?
Yeah I need to know what my last transaction is on my credit card.
OK. Which credit card?
Platinum. Plutonium.
yes. on the platinum card you have with us. we see here that that let me just pull up your let's see if I could pull that up. I just need to get your platinum card number ma'am.
Yes.
All right. Well can you hold on while I get it out of my purse?
Sure.
OK. All right I have it.
Go ahead.
Four four seven nine six five three two, seven four four six three nine two six.
OK. All right I was able to pull that up for you Ms. Richards and on your platinum card I see the last transaction was from October the tenth. And it was a transaction at Neiman Marcus for three hundred and twenty dollars.
Good. I just wanted to get that amount. Thank you.
And again is there anything else we can assist you with?
No.
Ms. Richards again, thank you again for giving us a call and hopefully we'll be able to assist you further once you stop by the branch today.
OK.
You have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sara. How can I help you?
I have a dispute I want to to be helped with because I'm seeing a transaction that has been made through my account which I had no idea or or did authorize it to take place.
OK, no problem. I will ask you a couple of questions to start off. may I ask for your name and date of birth, please?
OK, my name is Charlene Peterson and my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth December nineteen ninety.
OK, that is great. Thank you. can I also ask for your phone number?
OK, my phone number is five twelve nine nine one double five nineteen and also, my home email address is Char Pete at Yahoo dot com.
Thank you so much for that, Charlene, and can I also ask for your account number?
OK.
OK, my number is thirty-five forty-six sixty-eight seventy-nine twenty-four.
Thank you for that. And also, your credit card number, please.
Oh, OK. It is forty-nine twenty-nine thirty-eight thirteen twenty-seven fifty-five triple two and four.
All right, thank you so much for that, Charlene. Now, what is the amount of the transaction that you are disputing?
it's about a thousand dollars.
A thousand dollars. OK, and what is the date of this transaction?
Yeah.
It's it was on the fourteenth of March.
OK, fourteenth of March of this year, twenty twenty-one?
Yes, of this year.
OK. So could you go over with me the reason you are disputing this transaction again?
I'm disputing it because first of all it's a very huge huge amount and second of all, I had no knowledge of, of it. and was wondering how could someone just .
All right, understood. And has anyone else ever had access to your account? Could they have made the transaction?
I'm not sure because I rarely share my, my details.
OK, and would you say that it could be a transaction for a regular membership you may have had or a subscription fee that you possibly didn't remember?
No, I don't have a subscription or a membership of up to that much.
OK. So I'm just recording all of this information on my part. And I'll also ask you have you contacted the business that made this transaction?
and apparently the number doesn't seem to get through. It's like it has been already been disconnected.
OK.
Yeah.
so I am just confirming that I have every piece of information from you. I will ask you also a security question. So what the security question is, what is your mom's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name?
Yes.
Taylor.
Taylor. OK. All right, thank you very much.
OK.
So what's going to happen is, I've recorded everything and I will send in this report to our fraud department. They will investigate it. And it should take around four to six weeks for them to come up with a solution to determine if this was actually a fraud or not. And when they do that they will contact you through a letter. It will be sent to the address we have on file for you. And in that letter there will be next steps to take. if it is, in fact, fraud they will tell you the next steps to take. And you could also call the number on that letter for more information.
Oh, OK. But isn't it ever too long. Four to six weeks be a little bit short. short as .
So the reason it takes four to six weeks is because it, it takes a long time, quite some time for the letter to arrive in your mail. So that will probably be around one week. But the process generally takes about three to four weeks. So and then, you know, maybe one to two weeks for the letter to arrive in in your mail.
Oh, oh OK.
Yes, would you have any other questions?
No, that was my only issue for now.
All right, sounds good, Charlene. It was a pleasure talking to you.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Hi. Yes ma'am, I'm calling because I need to do a wire transfer.
OK. I'll be happy to help execute that for you. Just give me one moment here and I will bring up my system.
That would be so awesome. You know, I went to Walmart the other day to do the transfer using their services and the line was absolutely ridiculous. And of course they've only got one person working the customer service desk. line wrapped around the corner, I just I couldn't believe it.
You know what? You're not the first customer that has said that. we get that a lot actually. You know, cuz people go there to do it and then their line's crazy or there's no help or there's not even there's not even anyone there. So it's just like I don't know. To me I would never go to Walmart to do that kind of thing. Absolutely not.
I
Usually do, but someone said that I could do it through the bank and I'm like, well let me go ahead and do that.
Absolutely. Definitely much easier, and we're always available to help.
Great, thank you.
No problem. All right. So before I can process the wire transfer for you I just need to get you authenticated in our system. if you would please provide me your first and last name?
Hayley Parker.
Thank you, and your phone number?
Three one five four four four two two three seven.
All right, thank you. And your date of birth?
Four fifteen eighty-nine.
Perfect. And your credit card number please?
It is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Perfect. And the security question is your first pet.
Oh! Jenkins.
that's so cute, I love that name.
Thank you.
You're welcome, and what type of bank account are you looking into?
for the checking.
Checking. And what is that bank account number please?
Two one one seven six five eight.
OK, just to confirm, your checking account number is two one one seven six five eight?
Yes ma'am.
OK. So I see you have available balance in that account of six thousand eight hundred and ninety-five dollars. how much are you looking to transfer today?
twenty-five hundred.
OK. Perfect. And is this gonna be a domestic or an international transfer?
Domestic.
OK. All right. And just need some information about the account you're transferring to. if you would for me go ahead and provide the routing number for the account we're sending it to.
OK. That is four three six two five seven zero one two.
All right. Just to confirm, four three six two five seven zero one two? All right.
Correct.
Thank you. And what is the account number for the account you're transferring it to?
That one is two two three four five seven eight eight nine zero one two.
OK. Just to confirm, two two three four five seven eight eight nine zero one two. Is that correct?
Correct.
OK. All right. So just to reiterate and recap over everything, you are transferring from bank account number two one seven six five. You're transferring twenty-five hundred dollars to a domestic account With a routing number of four three six two five seven zero one two. And account number two two three three four five seven eight eight nine zero one two. the transfer will be done immediately. now with as fast as the the time frame it should be.
really
Quick, I don't mean to interrupt.
Yeah.
Oh no, sure.
On the on the bank account number, you missed just the last number. It was two one one seven six five eight.
OK. Two and one sevens, and I do have that written in here so that is the correct number that I have in my system. OK.
OK. Just wanted to double check and make sure.
No problem. Any other questions or concerns you have before I complete this?
actually could you tell me a little bit more about your online banking?
sure. You have two options, you can either go online to Intellibank dot com or through the app looking up Intellibank. You create a username and password we're gonna ask your personal and banking information, so just make sure you have that available. once you input all that information you'll be able to have access to your account and do a bunch of different banking options there as well. Now real quick, just to circle back as far as the transfer is concerned I haven't completed that yet. I would like to go over the transfer fees with you now as courtesy to our customer, the first three domestic transfers are free. After that there's a five dollar fee per domestic transfer. if it's an international transfer, we don't have any courtesy waivers for that but they are fifteen dollars per transfer. would you like to go ahead and process this transfer?
Absolutely.
OK. All right. So this transfer it'll process immediaely, so whoever you're sending it to should have the funds within a few minutes. if you have any issues you can feel free to give us a call back. and we did go over the online banking so that you're able to do stuff like this on your own. is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
no ma'am, I think that'll be all.
All righty, well thank you very much for calling into Intellibank today Miss Parker, you enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you so much. You have a great day too.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Good morning. Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Sherry speaking. What can I do for you today?
Hi, Sherry. I'm not sure, I hope.
OK, let's give it a shot. what seems to be the problem?
I got a call a little bit ago asking about a purchase I made. I didn't answer. They left a message. But my wife just called as well and said they. The card wasn't working. Who called? And what's going on?
Sure. Well, that was our fraud account calling, it sounds like. let me go ahead and get your info, and we'll look into it for you.
Sure.
Can I have your first and last name?
It's gonna be Jacob Lamp.
And do you have your account number, Mr. Lamp?
Yeah, I do. Give me one second. Sorry. I'm back. I had to run to the other room. And the number is going to be zero zero one three five nine oh eight five six.
OK, I have that as zero zero one three five nine zero eight five six. Is that correct?
Correct.
Great. Thanks, Mr. Lamp. And can I have the last four digits of your social security number and your birth date?
Yeah. It's going to be eight eight two zero. And the birth date is going to be three thirteen, two thousand and one.
OK, perfect. Thank you. And for security purposes, what is your mother's maiden name.
Heart, H E A R T.
OK, thank you. All right, I have your account pulled up now. And it seems like fraud was trying to get ahold of you over a purchase made last night for one thousand thirty-six dollars even for Walmart dot com.
Well, glad they called. That was absolutely not me. Great. Is this going to be a mess to deal with?
I know it can be frustrating, sir. But we'll take care of this. I promise you.
Hey, by the way, while you've got my account pulled up, can you change my number on there?
Sure. I can do that for you. I'll go ahead and do it right now. what is your new number?
It's gonna be nine one four nine four four twelve sixty-eight.
OK, I have that as nine one four nine four four one two six eight. Is that correct?
Yes, it is. And now do I call back Ameribank fraud?
I can actually just connect you to Intellibank's fraud protection service. And that way, you will have all of your info pulled up for them, and it'll be faster. if you can just wait on the line a minute, I'll go ahead and connect you.
Yeah, sure. Thank you.
OK, just one moment.
OK, sir, I have Intellibank's fraud service here for you. I'm going to go ahead and hang up and let you guys take care of this. But if you should need anything else, please call us back. And once again, my name is Sherry. And you have a great day, Mr. Lamp.
Thank you, Sherry. You have a great day too. Bye.
Mm, bye.
Hello. This is Josie with Intellibank. How may I help you?
hi Josie. I'm calling again because I was trying to make a wire transfer about two days ago on on Wednesday and and I my golly I forgot the the the routing number to the account that I was going to transfer it to and and I said I would call you guys back. I think I was speaking to Joanne or Josephine about this issue. But, anyway I'm calling back again because I have the routing number now.
Excellent. I think. I. Sounds like you may have been speaking with me. I remember having a conversation a couple of days ago about that.
I'm glad you were able to find that information and call us back.
Yeah you yeah you sound familiar to me. Hello. How's it going?
It's going great. It's a beautiful day today here in sunny California.
Oh man, isn't the the the Oh! You're in California. That's amazing.
I'm I'm currently living in Texas and and my gosh it is it is it's it's a hundred degrees out during the day and at night it's pouring rain. but anyway.
I would like to make a wire transfer.
All right. Let me help you with that. I'm hopefully it won't be hot come winter. could I get your first and last name?
yes. My name is Michael Johnson.
OK. And, thank you, Mr. Johnson. And, I'd like to ask you for your date of birth.
March twentieth nineteen ninety-seven.
Thank you. And, do you have the account number? For the wire transfer where you'd like the money withdrawn?
yes. I'd like to withdraw this or make the transfer from my savings account.
And, that savings account number is nine zero zero one seven six.
Thank you. Nine zero zero one seven six. And that is a savings account?
Yes, it is.
OK. One moment. Let me pull this information up.
Alright. I do need to validate this account information. Do you have your driver's license number?
yes I do. Excuse me my dog is is making strange noises. yes, I do have my driver's license number. are you ready for it?
Yes, sir.
the number is two four seven five six nine two seven.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson. That's what we have on file. I do also need to validate with a security question. can you tell me the name of your first pet?
the name of my first pet that would be Odie.
Thank you.
That is confirmed. That's what we have on file. I do appreciate you confirming that for us, sir.
Let me go ahead and process this wire transfer for you and this is coming out of your savings account nine zero zero one seven six what is the amount that you would like to transfer?
I'd like to transfer a thousand dollars please.
OK. And, what institution would you like us to transfer the money to?
the name of the institution is called University Credit Union.
OK. And, do you have that routing number?
Yes, I do. I have it right here, finally in front of me. are you ready?
Yes, sir.
three one four two two two one zero five two.
Three one four two two one zero five two.
OK. And, what is the account number with University Credit Union where you would like the funds deposited?
that would be my checking account. My checking account. And, the the number for that is five two five four seven zero.
Thank you. Five two five four seven zero and that is your checking account.
All right. One moment please. Let me enter this information.
Thank you, Mr. Johnson. I did forget to ask you the transfer the account at University Credit Union, can you confirm if that is a domestic account or is that an account in a different country?
this is a domestic account.
All right. Thank you for confirming that.
Let me go ahead and enter the rest of this information, sir. One moment please.
Thank you for holding, Mr. Johnson.
All right. it looks like we're going to be transferring one thousand dollars out of your savings account nine zero zero one seven six your current balance in that account is four thousand seven hundred eighty-eight dollars and two cents. That is the balance before this transfer occurs. This will be effective today, October the twelfth.
There is a five dollar wire transfer fee in order to do this and we will take that also out of your savings account nine zero zero one seven six.
The transfer will be effective today so you can check your University Credit Union account to confirm the deposit probably at close of business tomorrow.
OK. That sounds that sounds magnificent.
Is there would you like some information about online banking? there is a feature in our online banking app that allows you to transfer funds much more conveniently in case you ever wanna do this again in the future.
You know what? I was just about to say hey I can check this on the Intellibank app to see if the transfer occurs. I I already have the app on my phone, ma'am. But, thank you for letting me know.
Absolutely. there is a feature check it out on your app whenever you have time. that allows you to transfer funds to external institutions such as University Credit Union. So, that should help you out in the future.
Is there anything else I can do to help you?
no, Josie. That'll be it. Thank you for helping me through these days of me trying to make this transfer. I apologize for not having the routing number the other day.
No problem. Thanks for calling back. We appreciate you, sir.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Hello. I'm Erica. Your customer service agent. How may I help you?
Hello Erica. I would like to see what is the nearest branch is?
OK. Give me a few seconds to check.
Actually, I changed my mind. I would like some assistant with updating my personal information please.
I can certainly help you with that. What is your first and last name Ma'am?
My first name is Monique and my last name is Gonzales.
OK. I've got that down. What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is January nineteen nineteen ninety-five.
Thank you so much. I need to ask you for an authenticating ID number. What are the last four digits of your social security number?
The last four digits of my social security number are nine four seven three.
Thank you so much. I have to ask you a security question in order to verify your identity. Who was your favorite singer as a teenager?
My favorite singer as a teenager was Madonna.
All right. Thank you for verifying your identity.
I know that this is off topic but I just went to a restaurant a few hours ago. Their burgers are amazing. They have a lot of restaurant all over this country. The restaurant is called Whataburger. You should try.
Oh really? I'll see if there's a Whataburger within my proximity. Thank you for the recommendation.
No problem.
What is your credit card number?
My credit card number is three four nine eight five seven three two nine eight three two seven three zero seven.
What type of personal information did you want me to update Monica?
I wanted my street address to be updated. I recently moved to another city.
No worries. I can help with that. What is your current street address?
My current street address is three eight six Mason Lane.
All right. Give me a few moments to make the changes. The changes to your street address have been made. They should be seen within one business day. Is there anything else you'd like me to assist you with?
Is this helpline it twenty-four seven helpline?
Odd. This helpline is.
Oh sorry. I forgot I had another question. Will I get charged for asking a customer service agent to help me?
No worries. I understand you want your questions answered. Yes. This helpline is a twenty-four seven helpline. No you won't get charged for receiving help from me. In fact most helplines don't charge the people that they help for when it comes to banking services like this. So you don't have to worry about that.
Thank you for your patience.
Is there anything else you need help with Monica?
No that is it. Thank you.
Thank you so much for choosing Intellibank. Have a nice day Monica.
Thank you. You too Erica.
Oh actually there is a promotion that I did want to talk to you about before. Currently we're offering the Traveler's Card to people at a discounted rate of sixty percent. So if you happen to apply for it now you can have this card at fifty dollars. It's a pretty good deal and you could use this for trips such as flying overseas, or it could be for even domestic flights within the United States. Would you like to take advantage of this offer or would you like to advantage of this offer another time?
I would like to take that advantage but another time because today I need to go to work and I'm being late right now.
I see. My apologies. I didn't mean to make you late. Therefore I hope you have a nice day and thank you for choosing Intellibank again.
You too Erica. Have a wonderful day.
Thank you Monica. Good bye.
Hello, this is Sandra from Intellibank. how can I help you?
I lost my card.
Oh so sorry to hear that. May I know your name, please?
Allison Foster.
All right so well before we proceed further I would like to verify your account. So may I have your first name and last name, please? Can you please spell it for me?
Allison. A L L I S O N. And Foster. F O S T E R.
OK, so your first name is Allison. I spell it A L L I S O N. I hope it's correct.
Yes, that is.
And the last name is F O S B E R?
it's F O S T E R.
OK sorry about that. It is F O S T E R. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Good, thank you so much. May I have your date of birth, please?
my birthday is November seventh two thousand three.
It is November seventh two thousand and three. Is that correct?
Yes, that is correct.
Well, I need to verify your ID before we proceed further. So may I have your bank account number?
give me one second, I'll find that.
All right.
OK, here it is. my account is four five seven nine two one two.
Four five five nine two one two. Is that correct?
no it is four five seven nine two one two.
OK, it is four five seven nine two one two?
Yes. oh my gosh there is a crazy storm going on right now. Do you see this?
Oh. Oh my God. It's very scary.
Yeah.
It's going to be five p.m. and how would we go home? We have to wait.
I know. I hope they said there might be tornados. So I hope it don't get worse. Because I'm already having a bad day. I lost my card. I hope no one stole stole it. Cuz I don't have a lot of money for them to be stealing from me.
Oh so sorry to hear that. You are in so much of problems. anyways we'll try our best to help you solve your issue. Nobody will be able to you know use your card. We are going to freeze your account freeze your card immediately. So don't worry about that.
OK, thank you so much.
well for security reasons I would like to verify your identity. So may I have your first may I have the name of your first pet?
my first pet was a cat named Fluffy.
OK, so your cat's name was Fluffy. Nice name.
Thank you.
So what is what is the number of your credit card which was stolen?
I have it written down. Let me check really quick.
OK.
OK. the number was one two five nine. Eight seven one three. Two one four one. Six nine four one.
OK, it is one two five eight eight seven one two two one four one six nine four one? Is that correct?
no. It was one two five nine. Eight seven one three two one four one. Six nine four one.
Oh, it's one two five nine eight seven one three two one four one six nine four one. I hope this this is correct this time.
yes, that is correct.
All right, thank you so much. which date your card was stolen?
It was stolen on October third.
OK, it was stolen on October third. All right so can you provide me the date you used your card for the last time?
I used it earlier that day.
OK, so what was the date?
October third.
OK, October third itself you you used for the last time?
Yes.
OK so do you remember where you used your card that day?
yeah, I used it at an ice cream shop.
Ice cream shop?
Yep.
OK, which ice cream shop was it?
I I think it was Oberweis. Yeah.
Oberweis? OK. All right, so have you called them and found out that maybe you might have left the card there?
Yes, they do not have it.
They do not have it? All right, no problems. What I'm going to do is I'm going to cancel your card right away. And re-issue you new card because I don't want your card misused by someone else. So may I have your mailing address you want your card to arrive?
yes. My address is one three five seven West State Street.
West State Street you said?
Yep.
OK, so what is the town name? Name of the town or city?
Chicago.
Chicago. All right. So what is the ZIP code for that?
six oh four three one.
Six oh four two one?
three one.
Three one. All right, so your address mailing address is one three five seven West State Street Chicago and ZIP code is six zero four three one. Is that correct?
Yep, that's correct.
All right, so I have canceled your card and I'm going to re-issue you a new card.
So you will receive the new card in your mail within five business days. So to activate your card once you receive your card you will see the customer's care number at the back of your card. So simply call them to activate your new card you will be your card will be activated right away OK?
OK, thank you so much.
Your welcome. So is there anything else I can do for you today?
nope, that's all.
OK, thank you so much. It was nice talking to you. Again this is Michelle. Thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy, how may I help you?
Hi Daisy, my name's George. I'm calling because I wanted to move money from my checking account to my savings.
OK George, I'd be happy to assist you with that today. Let's go ahead and pull up your account. What is your full name and address please?
Sure it's George Emery, and I live at one fifty-three Pinecone Circle in Branson, Missouri, and the ZIP code is five five three two four.
Thank you, and your date of birth?
It's September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And what is the name of your first pet?
I think it's Wink.
Wink, great. And then can you verify your checking account number for me?
sure, it's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Wonderful. All right we've verified your account, thank you for that. And you'd like to transfer funds funds from your savings to your checking?
Yeah, I'm nervous about who may be watching my accounts, you know, and I need to I need it to look like I'm broke in my checking account.
OK. All right, and can you verify your account numbers for me? You already verified your checking account number, and so can you verify your savings account number for me?
Yeah it's one one four three seven five two nine eight zero.
Great. so your checking account balance is nine thousand one hundred and thirty and twenty-one cents And your savings account balance is three hundred and twenty-one oh eight. How much will we be transferring today?
I'd like to transfer it all.
Oh is it your intent to close this account?
No.
All right, well the provisions of your account do require you to maintain a minimum balance of three hundred at all times. A balance of zero would initiate an automatic closure of this account within the system.
Huh. OK, and what if I keep five dollars in my savings? Would that allow me that would that allow me to keep the account open?
an instance of falling below the minimum but funds remaining in the account would be subject to a three ninety-nine service fee for per month, that's true of either your checking or your savings.
Hmm I see, OK. Well I plan on making a large large deposit by the end of the week, but really I just need those funds in my savings account right now. So just to be sure, if I leave five dollars my account won't get closed?
That's correct.
OK, so let's move everything except five dollars.
OK George, one moment while I make those calculations.
All right, so we would be transferring nine thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars and twenty-one cents. One moment while I prepare the transaction.
All right George, just to confirm, you authorized Intellibank to perform an internal money transfer in the amount of nine thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars and twenty-one cents to be withdrawn from your checking account, number two three nine six four five three three oh one, and deposited into your savings account, number one one four three seven five two nine eight oh. This internal money transfer may take up to thirty minutes to complete, and you will receive an email confirmation once these funds have been transferred. With your permission, I will go ahead and submit this internal transfer request.
OK, yes please submit.
OK, George. This will just take a few minutes few seconds to complete, and when it's finished I'll have a confirmation number for you if you'd like to write it down.
OK. So, how's your day going, Daisy?
Oh it's going great, how's your day going?
it's all right, you know Friday can't come soon enough.
Agreed. OK George, I have this transaction number for you. Do you have a pen ready?
Yes ma'am, I'm ready.
OK, the number is eight nine nine one two seven three one two.
OK, eight nine nine one two seven three one two?
Yep, you got it. And your final balances are, savings account nine thousand four hundred and forty-six dollars and twenty-nine cents, and your checking account of course has five dollars. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
yeah could you repeat that? what's my final balance in the savings account? Also can you check why I can't log in online?
Sure, sure, absolutely. All right, so your savings account balance was nine thousand four hundred and forty-six dollars and twenty-nine cents. And I show here that you've never actually logged in online? You've never been granted the credentials yet. So let me pull up that information and.
all right, so if this is your first time using Intellibank's online banking you must click the first time users enroll here link, read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number, your social security number, your date of birth and then create a password. Once you're all logged in you'll be prompted to choose and answer five security questions and also enroll in the one time security code feature. I actually sent this information to you via email, so once you read that if you have any questions or concerns you just give us a call back, but for right now do you have any questions?
No, I think that does it.
All right, George. Well thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
You too. Thanks, bye.
Bye now.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
I need help with opening up a new checking account today and I also need to know how long it will take to get me new checkbooks once the account is open.
OK, I can certainly help you. To answer your second question first, it will take about fourteen business days to get your checkbooks through the third party vendor we use. Sometimes it takes less, but it takes on average fourteen business days. So to open your account, we will need first your first name and the names you wish to use on the account.
I want to open it in my name alone. I want the account number under the name of Margaret Dillon.
OK, the account name. Yes, the account name will be Margaret Dillon. M A R G A R E T D I L L A N. Is that correct?
No, the last name is spelled D I L L O N No letter A.
OK, I got it. Now what is the address you wish to use?
My address is eight fifty-five East Langford Avenue, Atlanta, Georgia. Three zero three zero five.
And what phone number would you like to use on the account?
I will use my home phone number Four zero four dash seven four six dash two three five two.
OK, let me repeat that. Four zero four seven four six two three five two. Is that correct?
Yes, that's it.
I like using my home phone a lot more than my cell phone because it's so much easier to talk on these days. I get tired of hearing the cell phone ringing, and it's not as easy to hear people talking on those things. My daughter uses her phone all the time and I just don't like it when she calls me on that.
well, I can understand why you would feel that way. A lot of people do. I get tired of the phones are ringing all the time myself so I don't blame you. OK, now Margaret, I will need some more information to finish getting this account started and set up. One thing I will need is your date of birth, and later I will need your driver's license number.
My date of birth is July sixth. Nineteen forty-eight. I can go get my Driver's License now if you need that. It's in my purse in the other room.
Great, I'll wait.
Here it is. Georgia license number four four eight five eight two zero three seven.
OK, that was four four eight five eight two zero three seven.
Correct.
OK, now I need your social security number and the last thing will be we'll need to set up a security question to protect your account.
Hmm, OK. Boy! There's sure lots of stuff you need. I'm glad it's almost done. My social security is five eight six dash four four dash seven nine two three. What security question?
OK, I'll get to that in a moment, but let me re-check your social security. That was five eight six four four seven nine two three. Is that correct?
Yes.
OK, the security question is something like the name of your favorite pet or what city you were married in. Do you have a preference?
I'm going to go with my favorite pet. That would be Herbie. He's my cat.
OK, we'll go with Herbie your cat. Sounds good. So now it'll take me a moment or two to set this up if you can wait, And while you're waiting, you can think of any questions you might have. Can I put you on hold now?
Sure. I can wait.
Alright, I'm putting you in the silver saver checking account, which will save you some money on banking fees since you're a senior. Is that OK with you?
Sounds great. Silver fun checking you say.
well now actually that was silver saver checking. It was close, and also I ordered your checks and they will be arriving, as I mentioned earlier, within within or by fourteen days, and finally your debit card will be sent within ten days as well. Is there anything else you have questions about at this time?
No. You did a good job of covering everything.
Well great. In that case, it was my pleasure . setting up your new silver saver checking account, and you will be receiving your checks and debit card in the time frames I described. And if you have any other questions later on that you have forgotten, please feel free to contact us. During our business hours and we'll be glad to help you. Have a nice and thank you for calling Intellibank.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Daisy how may I help you?
Hi Daisy, I need to pay some bills, so I'd like to transfer some money.
OK I'll be happy to help you with that. Let's pull up your account. What is your full name, and date of birth please.
It's George Emery. September twenty-first, nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you George, what is your last four of your social, and your mother's maiden name please.
Four four eight one. Smith.
Thank you, and verify your phone number for me.
Sure it is six one two, two two nine, three nine zero nine.
Thank you, and can you verify your account number?
It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
And is this the account that you would like to move funds from today?
Yes.
And are we doing an internal or an external transfer? To within the bank, or to another banking facility?
External I have to pay my rent.
I'm transferring to my landlord's bank account.
I see, OK I'll be happy to help you with that.
is your landlord's account a international or domestic account?
It's a domestic account.
Thank you, and how much would you like to transfer?
Let's do fourteen hundred.
Alright fourteen hundred dollars?
Oh actually you know what, I paid him a hundred dollars in cash, so can I just transfer thirteen hundred now.
Yep absolutely.
So we're gonna do one thousand three hundred to your landlord's bank account. Do you have the routing and account numbers?
Yes I do.
Routing number first please.
It's nine eight two five four three, six four four.
And the account number is seven four, five six, two eight nine nine one zero.
Alright, one moment while I put this information together. And then I will ask you to confirm it before I submit.
Great.
Alright George. George Emery is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of one thousand three hundred dollars from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six, three nine two two one seven. To his landlord's checking account. Routing number nine eight two five four three six four four. Account number seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Does this sound correct?
Yep, that sounds right.
Thank you. It'll take a moment for it to go through and process. And then I will have a transaction ID number for you, if you'd like to right it down.
Sure.
OK and that number is nine nine one seven, six two nine.
Nine nine one seven, six two nine?
Yes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes actually. Could you help me update my email address?
Absolutely, one moment while I get back to that screen.
So you'd like to change your personal information, your email address. Confirm for me your email address that we have on file.
It's G Emery at Hotmail dot com.
Thank you George, and what is the new email that you'd like to use?
That'll be G Emery seven five four eight at Gmail dot com.
G Emery seven four five eight at Gmail dot com?
No it's seven five four eight.
G Emery seven five four eight at Gmail dot com.
Exactly.
All right, I'm sorry about that. I didn't mean to screw that up.
And I have made that update to your personal information.
And is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah could you really quickly just repeat my final checking account balance?
Yes your final balance Your beginning balance was four two six zero fifty three now it's two thousand nine hundred sixty and fifty three cents. Two thousand nine hundred sixty dollars and fifty three cents is your final checking account balance after sending thirteen hundred to your landlord.
OK and with that transaction ID number, will it also have like a receipt for how much was transferred and everything? Just so I have proof for my landlord.
Yes.
Everything will be detailed in the email.
OK.
All right is there anything else I can help you with?
Great.
no, that should about do it.
Alright, well thank you for calling Intellibank, and have a great day.
Thanks you too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Melany. How may I assist you?
Yes. I am calling to get help in in locating the nearest ATM to where I live as well as closing my account.
I would be happy to assist you with that issue. First I need some information. Your street address, city and state.
At one five four seven Redwood Drive.
And city?
Lancing.
And state?
Michigan.
Let me repeat that back to you. The first address the most current one is one five four seven Redwood Drive, Lansing, Michigan. Correct?
Correct.
Yes, that is. Moving house has been the strange. I had to rent a U-haul and get everything out from storage. It was so busy packing everything and moving.
It sounds like you've had a very busy day. I hope I can help you find an ATM close by so this is one less thing to add to your worries. Moving can be the worst. I've moved several times and it is very stressful.
Tell me about it.
Give me a moment to check our system information to find your nearest locations.
Sure thing.
I can see there are two Intellibank ATMs located near that street address. One is located at our branch on seventeen ten Murray Street East in the area of Chester. The other's located at the shopping plaza branch at Michigan Avenue.
OK. Is there a fee at either of these?
There is no fee. It's attached to any of the ATMs at our locations. However, if you must go to an ATM at a different location such as a gas station ATM, there may be a nominal fee involved.
OK, Melany. That sounds good.
OK. Now let's get your information so we can close your account. OK. may I have your first and last name?
Kim Smith.
Date of birth?
Four sixteen nineteen seventy-two.
Last four digits of your social security number?
Eight five two four.
Your mother's maiden name?
My mother's maiden name is Jones.
And the account number to close?
Nine nine nine six five two.
And the reason for the closure?
Relocating.
And the deposit account type?
Checking.
The deposit routing number?
Two three five six eight seven nine six three.
And the deposit account number?
Nine eight five two one three.
And your email address?
Kim Smith at mail dot com.
Let me confirm the information as you've as you've provided to me to make sure I have everything accurately.
Absolutely.
I have the first and last name as Kim Smith. Date of birth is four sixteen nineteen seventy-two. The last four digits of your social security number is eight five two four. Mother's maiden name is Jones. Account number to close is nine nine nine six five two. Reason for closure is relocating. Deposit account type is checking. Deposit routing number is two three five six eight seven nine six three. Deposit account number is nine eight five two one three. And the email address is Kim Smith at mail dot com. OK. Thank you Miss Smith. Your current balance is two thousand five hundred and seventy-eight dollars and thirty-four cents. And two thousand five hundred and seventy-eight dollars and thirty-four cents will be transferred to the account member nine eight five two one three within three business days. You will not incur any transaction fees for this transfer.
Thanks. That's good to know. Will I get a receipt for this transaction today? Yes I~.
Yes. I can send it to your email address you have on file, Kim Smith at mail dot com. Is that correct?
Yes, it yes. Sounds great. Thank you for your help.
If you would like any additional information about our other banking products you can also visit us online at WWW dot Intellibank dot com.
No. That's fine.
Excellent. Is there anything I else I can assist you with today?
Thanks, Melany.
Thank you for your business. If you have any issues do not hesitate to call us back. Have a wonderful day.
Thanks for calling Intellibank, this is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes, hi Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I'm calling because I lost my card.
sorry to hear that, Miss Richards. I'll be glad to help you. I just need to verify some information. If you would, Miss Richards, what is your date of birth and your phone number?
My date of birth is eleven eleven eighty-four and my number is six seven eight two zero two four two five three.
OK and Miss Richards, you said that you lost your card.
Yes.
and what is your account number?
It is nine eight four six five nine.
That's nine eight four six five nine?
Yes.
OK and what is your card number?
My card number is four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
Thank you for that, Miss Richards. And do you recall when you lost your card?
Yes, I lost my card on September the third.
OK that was September the third.
Yes.
And do you recall where you lost your card at or when you last used your card?
Yeah, I last used my card at Kroger.
OK and do you know if that's where you lost it or you don't know?
I'm not sure.
OK, OK. No problem Miss Richards. And do you recall, you said it was at Kroger, how much it was for?
Yes, it was about fourteen dollars and some change.
OK, I'll go ahead and notate that. I see it appears a fourteen dollar and twenty-three cent transaction at Kroger.
That sounds right.
OK. I'll go ahead and pull this up here for you Miss Richards. I tell you, these cards are so small nowadays it's easy to misplace them from time to time.
They really are.
Now Miss Richards, if you would, tell me what your address is that you'd like your new card sent to.
three six eight eight Laymon Court Smyrna, Georgia three zero zero eight zero.
OK. And you said that was three six eight eight Laymon Court Smyrna, Georgia three zero zero eight zero?
Yes.
OK. And, just so that you know, Miss Richards, I've gone ahead and canceled that card and we'll be sending you out a new card here within about seven to ten business days at the address that we just verified and confirmed.
OK.
And, of course, with that being said what you can do is you can go online or you can give us a call to activate the card once you receive it so that you can begin using your card at your earliest convenience.
OK. I appreciate that. And I wanted to also update my number.
OK, sure. And I see here. what number did you want to change?
The home number.
OK. I see here you said that your number was six. what is your home number?
six seven eight two zero two four two five three and I wanna change it.
Mhm.
OK and Miss Richards, what number did you wanna change that to?
Four seven eight three six one eight zero three one.
OK that number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one?
That's right.
OK Miss Richards, it appears that I was able to get that updated for you. And of course, with that being said is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes there is. I would like to, if you don't mind, have the date on my car note.
OK. Yes, certainly. And what is. I see here. What is your account number for the car note?
OK it's nine eight four six five nine one.
OK, thank you for that because I see you have a couple of car notes with us. We appreciate the business.
Thank you.
And for that particular car note account number, your next payment date is October the twenty-second.
OK, thank you.
All right and is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes there is. I would also like to open a savings account.
Terrific. And just to Be glad to help open up this new account for you. We always appreciate new business from our valuable customers like you, Miss Richards.
Thank you.
And Miss Richards, did you want to set up the account. what name did you want the account under?
Under my name. Evelyn Richards.
OK, so you wanna set up a new account. And what type of account did you want to set up?
Savings.
A new savings account under your name Miss Evelyn Richards.
Yes.
OK and what is your . So it'll be under your date of birth. What is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
OK. Terrific, terrific. And just because we are setting up a new account, I will need your social security number.
OK. It is two three five zero six eight two six eight.
OK, that's two three five zero six eight two six eight?
Right.
All right and I wanted to ask, just for security purposes, what is the question that you want to set up for your account. Did you wanna set up the same one, such as what is your mother's maiden name? Or what is the name of your first pet?
I would like to just use my mother's maiden name.
OK and your mother's maiden name, again, is?
Sanchez.
OK. I'll go ahead and set that up and make arrangements for that.
And Miss Richards, you stated that you wanted to set up the security question for your new savings account as what is your mother's maiden name? And you said that your mother's maiden name is Sanchez. Is that correct?
That is correct.
Terrific. OK Miss Richards. Well again, all accounts here all of our savings accounts are free, so there are no monthly charges. You'll receive your statements. you can have either have it mailed or emailed to you. And we again certainly do appreciate your business with us. is there anything else I can assist you with?
no. that'll be all for today.
Terrific. Well again, thank you for calling Intellibank. We certainly appreciate your business and please feel free to give us a call again.
I sure will. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Penelope and how may I assist you today?
Oh hey Penelope, how are you today?
I'm doing quite well, ma'am. Thank you so much for asking and how about yourself?
I'm doing good thank you. We just moved so I'm trying to call everyone and get all of my personal information updated and I need to update my new address with y'all.
All right, ma'am. I'd be more than happy to assist you with that today. I do need to get some information from you so I can pull up your account .
May I have your first and last name please?
Yeah, absolutely. It's Gayle Carter. C A R T E R.
Thank you Ms. Carter and may I have your date of birth please?
Yeah, it's April the twenty-fourth nineteen ninety.
All right, I have April the twenty-fourth nineteen ninety and may I have your driver's license number please?
Sure, it's A as in apple three one five seven nine five five two five one two.
All right, and just to verify that was A as in apple three one five seven nine five five two five one two.
Yes ma'am, that is correct.
Thank you, Ms. Carter and I see we have a security question on file for you. May I have the name of your favorite actor please?
Yeah sure, it's Tony Jaa. J A A.
Thank you, Ms. Carter. Now may I have the. I'm sorry, may I have your account number please?
yeah sure, it is two oh two oh three oh seven two six I thi~. No, actually I think that's incorrect ma'am. I'm so sorry.
I have the information in the other room. Would you mind if I ran and grabbed that real quick?
That's not a problem, Ms. Carter. Just let me know whenever you're back.
OK, great. Thank you. I'm so sorry.
It's not a problem.
OK, I'm back. Are you still there?
Yes ma'am, I sure am. Do you have that account number?
Yeah, I sure do and I did give it to you wrong a second ago. I apologize.
That's no problem, ma'am. I'm ready for that account number when you are.
OK, it is two zero two zero three zero seven six two.
All right, so I have two zero two zero three zero seven six two.
Yes ma'am, that's correct. Oh and I also wanted to ask my new statement it will be sent to the address that I'm updating with you today, correct?
Yes ma'am, we usually mail them out on the first of the month so you've caught us in plenty of time.
OK, great, great, great.
And Ms. Carter, may I have your new street address and go ahead and get that updated?
Yeah, absolutely. I'm sorry. It's. Excuse me. It's four twenty-eight Eagles Nest Rest Drive in Enterprise, Kansas.
All right, so I have four two eight Eagles.
E A G L E S.
Nest. N E S T. Drive and that's in Enterprise. E N T E R P R I S E, Kansas.
Yes ma'am, that is correct.
All right, I do have that update information updated for you, Ms. Carter. Is there anything else that I could assist you with today?
Yeah actually, while I have you on the phone would you mind if I check my account balance?
Absolutely, I'd be more than happy to assist you with that. May I have the account number that you'd like to check?
yeah, it's the one that I got for you just a second ago. it was two zero two zero three zero seven six two.
All right, so that was the two zero two zero three zero seven six two and is that a checking or a savings account?
It be my checking.
All right, give me just one moment, Ms. Carter, to pull up your balance.
OK, great. Thank you.
All right, Ms. Carter, I'm showing your balance is six thousand six hundred eighty-one dollars and ten cents.
OK, so sixty .
I'm sorry. Six thousand six hundred eighty-one ten, correct?
Yes ma'am, that is correct.
OK, great. Thank you.
Yes ma'am, and is there anything else I could help you with today?
No, that'll do that. Thank you so much, Penelope.
Yes ma'am, Ms. Carter. You have a wonderful day and thank you so much for calling Intellibank.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Mary. How can I help you ?
Hello this is Peter Davis. I have some problems with online banking.
Oh I'm so sorry to hear about that sir. Let me get into that screen so I can walk you through the banking process, online banking.
Yeah but but the the main reason I'm calling is I lost my credit card.
Oh, wow sir, I'm so sorry to hear that. That's very unfortunate. Unfortunate. yes it's very important that you report that credit card lost or stolen.
Yeah that's what I was trying to find that on the online banking. And yes, it didn't work or could not find it.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that sir. let me pull up my screen and let me get some information from you.
OK so let's see. Your name you said was Peter Davis?
Yes.
OK. Can you please give me your your date of birth?
November four nineteen sixty-eight.
OK sir. Do you happen to have your social security number?
yes that's five zero zero two one four eight one.
sir, that doesn't seem to be correct. That.
Oh
That's my drivers license.
I'm sorry.
eight one nine two two two zero zero.
Eight one nine two two two zero zero?
Yes.
OK. And you let's get your drivers license number. I do have it on my screen in front of me but let's just go ahead and go over it to make sure it's correct.
Yes. Five zero zero two one four eight one.
Yes sir, that matches what I have. And you do you know when the last time you used that credit card was?
I think last night .
I was in a bar and this morning when I woke up I could not find it.
Oh I'm so sorry to hear that sir. OK so what I'm going to do is put an immediate block on your card. we'll also need to review the last three transactions to make sure that those are your charges. so let me pull those up. OK so the last charge I see here you have a K-Mart grocery for fifty-five dollars and twenty-three cents.
Yes that's. I did.
OK, and we have a CVS Pharmacy for eight dollars and eighty two cents.
Yes also.
And we also have Quick Trip gas station for twenty-five dollars and fifty cents.
Yes.
OK sir. well I'll also send over to you the last probably twenty-five transactions for you to verify as well . You can look at them just to make sure but if these last three are correct, I'm pretty sure the ones before it are too.
Yes, is that through mail or?
Email?
I can send it to you either way, which would you prefer?
Email will be yeah, the easiest.
OK. So let me verify. I've got an email address for you for Peter sixty eight Davis at Gmail dot com?
Correct.
OK. I'll get that sent over to you right now.
and also, let's see. There it went.
So you should be receiving it. If you have any questions or you don't receive it just call us back. so I put a block on that card like I told you. And you will be receiving a new card in the next three to five business days.
And the way you will set up that account and activate it, is there'll be a sticker on that card. It will have a eight hundred number on it that you will call. And it's gonna just ask you for the last four digits of the card, as well as the last four digits of your social security number.
And I can keep my PIN code?
Yes sir, you can keep the PIN code that you currently have. You would just have it will ask you if you want to change your PIN code or keep current one for your account. You just hit, I believe it's a one. And it will transfer that same PIN code over to the new card.
Oh, great.
Yeah. It's a very simple process, but like I said if you have any problems with setting that up, just call us and let us know and we can walk you through the process.
While you sent me this mails, can you also send me a mail about loans?
Yes sir, I can give you information on the current loan offerings that we have here at the bank. We have about three different low interest rates, depending on how much you're wanting to borrow.
would you like me to send that over via email or? OK. So I'll send that over to your Peter sixty-eight Davis at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
Yes.
OK. Get that over to you and you should be receiving it in the next ten to fifteen minutes.
is there any other banking information you would like to know about?
No, I think I'm done.
OK we have one more thing I'd like to set you up with if you'd be interested. We have a monthly newsletter that we send out. It talks about our bank information, our loan offerings, our customers that we have that've been banking us for multiple years, we also talk about our credit cards and our mortgage loans.
Would you be interested in receiving that on a monthly basis?
Yes please, also through email.
OK sir. So I can get that set up on email. It's kind of a big large file. So are you sure you want to receive that in email?
Yes.
OK sir. So let me get that set up. We send that out on the fifteenth of every month. And it's got a lot of good information in it. And it also provides information about our new bank branches that we are opening up. And also any new information throughout the country of our business. Banks.
OK. I will look into it.
And is there any other things you would be interested in today, Mr. Davis?
No. I think I have all the information that I needed.
OK, so I'm so sorry that you lost your credit card you should be receiving a new one in the next three to five business days. If you don't receive it just call us back and we will get another one sent to you. But we've never lost any in the mail so you should be receiving it soon.
we appreciate your business, Mr. Davis.
OK. Thank you very much.
OK. Thank you for banking with Intellibank. My name's Mary. Call us back if you have any other problems or questions.
OK. Bye bye.
Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brinda, how can I help you?
Yeah so the branch I just go to decided to change their hours and they aren't open past Five p.m. anymore. So I need to find one that's open later please.
OK. Let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
Alright, and do you prefer I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill I guess.
OK Jill. Are you needing to find a location near your home or somewhere else?
Actually I. I'd like to find one near my business please.
OK. Can I get that address from you?
So I just opened a new location and I'm trying to find one near there. The address is two zero three North Buckner Lane, Kansas City, Missouri.
OK. You said two zero three North Buckner lane in Kansas city and what is the ZIP code?
I don't know what the ZIP code is. I'm sorry.
OK what is the name of your business? And I will try to look it up online for you.
yes it's called the Buttons and Biscuits.
OK. Let me do a search for that real quick.
Button and Biscuits.
All right. I I think I found it. It looks like the ZIP code is seven two six eight nine.
OK. I'm sorry about that.
That's all right. That's no problem. Are you looking for a full service location?
yes I mean what. What kind of other location is there?
So most all of our branches are full service but we do have some virtual teller kiosks that operate throughout the metro. But since you need a full service one I will find one of those for you OK?
OK. this location it isn't just gonna up and decide to change it's hours is it? I mean it's really frustrating that their just deciding to open and only be open until five p.m. when they've been open a lot later than that in the past.
yes. I. I'm sorry about the inconvenience to you Jill. Unfortunately, some of our locations have had to adjust their hours do to teller short.
Shortages caused by the pandemic.
hopefully in the future, all of our locations will be back to running at full capacity and we'll be able to continue those later hours for our customers. But right now let's just find you a place that's.
That's gonna work with your current schedule OK?
Alright. Well that'd be nice.
OK Jill. So I was able to find a location that looks like it's just a mile from your business. Do you have a pen and paper and I'll give you that address?
Yes, I'm ready.
All right. So the address to that one is three four nine zero Hawker Avenue.
That's three four nine zero Hawker Avenue and it's Kansas City, Missouri.
And it's five eight nine zero four. And this is a full service location with a virtual teller option from five p.m. to seven p.m..
And. And the lobby it. It's open until five p.m. then. That's right correct?
Yes that's correct. The lobby hours are eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday and then ten a.m. to two p.m. on Saturdays. So the virtual teller options will operate outside of those hours from five to seven and then from two to four thirty.
OK. what. What did you say the virtual teller. Teller hours were on Saturday?
Yeah, so the virtual teller operates from two p.m. to four p.m. on Saturdays.
OK. Thank you. Can you also tell me the phone number to that location?
Yeah. So if you would give me just a moment let me locate that for you.
So the direct number for that branch looks like it's eight one six, nine zero nine eight seven six five. And you can also call us at the one eight hundred number for Intellibank. That's one eight hundred, eight eight eight nine zero seven eight. And if you choose branch two thirty-nine, you'll just type in two thirty-nine on your keypad, you can also be connected that way.
OK. So will there be a way for me to find out when the other branch opens back up for the longer hours again?
Yeah, Jill so is the other location you were using listed as your home bank branch on your account?
Yes, I believe so.
OK, so if they are listed as your home banking branch you should receive correspondence from that bank, notifying you when their hours are back to normal. it should come in the mail or email similar.
Similarly to the way that you receive the information regarding the current hour change. you just need to keep and eye out for that.
They will send something to you to kind of update you that. So that they can you back in. Into the location that you were previously at.
OK. So I would like to go back to that branch eventually. So if they continue to have longer hours I would like to be able go there.
Yeah, I totally understand that, and hopefully they will be back up and running very soon for you OK?
I hope so.
All right Jill, so is there anything else I can help you with today?
I mean I don't think so. I just really needed a longer location that was open. So, as long as that one is open until seven p.m..
Then that'll be fine. I just. I really was hoping that they would open up again here very soon but I. I understand what you're saying about a lot of hours being changed because of the pandemic. I understand that.
Well we appreciate your service here at Intellibank, Jill, and again just keep an eye out for that correspondence. It could come via email or it could come via mail and a paper copy
But just keep an eye on that and again thank you for choosing Intellibank and enjoy your day OK?
Thank you for calling Intellibank customer services. This is Steven, how can I help you?
yes, I'd like to check the my checking account balance please.
Absolutely, I can help you with that. Can I have your first and last name?
Dan Thomas. T H O M A S and my date of birth is May twelfth nineteen sixty.
Thank you and can I have the last four of your social?
Eight zero one one.
And if you can verify your identity for me. if you'll answer the following question. What was your mother's maiden name?
Green. G R E E N.
All right. Thank you sir, I've got that information verified. And you were wanting to check the account balance of your checking account, correct?
Yeah let's let's. Yeah, but what a what I really need to do is close my savings account and transfer the funds to my checking account please.
OK, I can certainly help you with that. Can I get the account number for your savings account?
hang on one second while I while I get it?
Absolutely.
OK. My savings account number is two zero nine zero two one eight four two zero. And my checking account number is seven three zero six nine five six eight two nine. And.
All right. that was three one one two one five seven five one four for your savings account?
That's correct.
OK sir, thank you. OK, I'll go ahead and get that closed. And can I ask why you're wanting to close your savings account today?
I'm not drawing very much interest. And I really don't use it. So yeah, I'd like to just close it I guess.
OK. Well I can certainly do that for you. And I see there is That's going to leave a residual balance of four hundred and thirty-two dollars and seventeen cents. Did you wanna go ahead and transfer the that entire amount to your checking account?
yes.
All right. Get this processed.
All right sir, that account has been closed. you'll receive a notice in the mail that will give you the full details of the account closure but that account has been closed today. And that remaining fund has been transferred to your checking account. And you should see that post into your checking account within twenty-four to forty-eight hours.
OK, sounds great. Are you having a pretty good day so far?
yes sir. My day has been has been pretty smooth today.
Well that's good. And I believe you offered online banking. Is that something that you could help me get set up today?
That is definitely something that I can assist you with sir. lemme pull that screen up. OK and your email address is that still D Thomas at ABC dot com?
Yes.
All right, thank you. Is is that where you want all the communication and information from your online banking sent to?
Yes, please.
Excellent. I've got that to set up. And I got a username and a temporary password for you when you're ready.
OK, I'm ready.
All right. Your username is going to be D Thomas zero zero three.
OK.
And your temporary password will be capital E six four capital T capital B eight.
OK. I've got that written down.
All right, sir. So all you'll need to do is go to the Intellibank dot com website. Look in the top right-hand corner and there'll be a location for you to log in. use that information that I provided you to log in and it will prompt you to create your own unique password.
OK. That sounds great.
All right. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
I can't think of anything.
OK, well if you'll hold on the line there's going to be a brief survey that will let you tell us how we did today and how we can better service you in the future. And if there's nothing else you have a wonderful evening.
All right, you too. Thank you.
Thank you sir.
Hello welcome to Intellibank my name is Michael. How many I help you?
Hi. I have an account with y'all and I'm just need to make a deposit.
Would you like to find the nearest branch location sir?
Actually that w~. That's that will do. Yes that's what I'm looking for.
yes sir I can immediately help you out with that. what is your current street address?
Well hold on a second. Let me look. I'm walking down the street. it says I'm at the corner of Brazos Street and San Jacinto. in Austin, Texas. Now I believe the ZIP down here is seven eight seven oh one.
Thank you sir. San Jacinto and Brazos intersection in Austin Texas. one moment please sir. So I found a Intellibank branch location about two miles away from you. Down the road on San Jacinto. This is at forty-eight San Jacinto Boulevard. this is an Intellibank branch location. And then four miles south we do have another Intellibank branch location at eighty-four Congress Avenue.
does the first one have an ATM?
Yes sir both these locations have an ATM.
Oh good. I just wanted to make sure that I could just drop it off in the ATM slot.
And I forgot to mention sir the hours for these locations. And both locations have the same hours. On weekdays the hours are from nine a.m. to five p.m. . And on weekends the hours are nine a.m. to two p.m.. These are the lobby hours.
OK but the ATMs available twenty-four hours sir?
Yes sir that is correct.
All right but I do need to find get to the branch. So. And these are both Intellibank locations?
Yes sir. Intellibank is the name of our branch.
Yes sir.
Yes sir. That's that's what I meant.
Yes sir these are both Intellibank locations. is there anything else I can help you with? Would you like to know more about online banking? So you can check the status of your accounts in the future more conveniently?
No I tried that once. I'm just an old fogey sometimes and it just doesn't make sense. Every time I click I seem to go down the wrong path and I I think I just get myself into trouble. I suppose you sound young you probably always online. At least my grandson he's just he blazes around on his computer. I don't know what he's doing. But anyway. You know what I'm talking about?
yes sir I do. I do like the web application. excuse me the web browser for Intellibank. I find it to be very convenient and streamlined. The accessibility is quite easy for anyone who isn't really familiar with technology or computers. we also have an app an Intellibank app. Which in my opinion I think is the best way to access your accounts online. the format, the user interface is just very streamlined and it's very simple. Just to check the status of your accounts or transaction history. I like it a lot. a lot more than calling over the phone if I'm being honest.
All right well I may have to get my grandson to teach me how to use it. We'll see. But no I don't need to know anything more at this time.
My pleasure sir. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all you've been a great help I appreciate it sir.
You're welcome have a nice day.
All right.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Pat speaking. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?
Kathy Smith.
Hi Miss Smith, what can I help you with?
Oh hey. so, I tried to use my debit card and it got declined. and and I know I have money. And this happens all the time.
OK.
OK. So, you're trying to use your debit card and it's declining and did you want to check the balance on your account?
I guess yeah, we can we can start there. That will work.
OK, let me just get some information from you. what's your date of birth?
March seventeenth nineteen seventy-four.
OK and what's the account number that you're looking to check the balance on.
it is four five three two one zero zero seven.
All right and what is your high school mascot?
it's a donkey.
All right.
Yeah, we were the kickin' donkeys.
And you're looking for the checking account balance, correct?
Yes.
All right. I am showing that that is in the negative of fifty-three dollars and eighty-four cents.
huh?
Yes ma'am, it looks like you had a balance of two hundred thirty-four dollars and then there was a charge made on the account at Amazon dot com. In the amount of one eighty-four fifty-two and then there was a thirty-five dollar fee for over withdrawing the account.
I didn't purchase anything from Amazon.
All right, I'm showing that the amount purchased, or the purchase was made on October fourth at two thirty-one a.m. central time.
I was asleep.
OK. So, would you like to dispute this?
yeah, and what about that overdraw fee?
Well, I can dispute the purchase on the Amazon dot com.
Mhm.
In the meantime, we will credit the account the amount of the dispute and the fee, to put it back to where it was. There will there will be an investigation made and it will be resolved within the next thirty days. And if it's found that you did make the charge on Amazon dot com, then that amount will be deducted from your account.
OK.
And if it's found that you did not make the charge, you've already been credited. So, there wouldn't be any further action on the amount, but in the meantime I can go ahead and credit this and start the dispute with the investigation.
yeah, we definitely need to do that.
All right. So, give me just a minute here.
Oh can, when we're done with that, can I check the balance on my savings I just want to make sure that kinda running low on funds and I want to make sure that I'm good until my next paycheck.
Sure, give me just one minute to finish up the dispute here.
OK.
And is the best number to reach you at three three four five five five one five eight four?
no I actually changed my number.
OK. What's your new number?
area code six one eight four three five two one seven four.
OK and I'm not showing that we have an email on file for you. Do you have an email address so that our investigator can contact you that way as well?
yes pixie dust seven four at Outlook dot com.
All right I've updated that.
thank you.
And I've started the investigation here, and you will hear from our investigator with follow-up questions here within the next three to five business days, and then the investigation can take up to thirty days.
OK.
And like I said, if it's found that you did make that charge then we will be deducting that amount from your account and you wanted to check your savings account?
yes, please.
And what's your savings account number?
I don't have it on me.
OK do you have the driver's license that you opened the account with?
I do.
And what state is that?
it is Missouri.
And the number?
four seven six three five five five zero one two four.
All right and I'm showing that the savings account has a balance of two hundred thirty-two dollars and eighty-five cents.
OK. I I'm not gonna move anything at this time since that other thing is getting credited back, but I'll just leave that be for now.
OK that has I am showing the account as positive right now. So, you can try and complete the transaction again.
Good, cause I need my groceries.
Did you want me to hang on the line while you do that?
No, I think we'll be fine. I already walked out of the store. I'm gonna go down the street. I'm a little embarrassed. I'll go to a different store get my groceries.
I apologize for that. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
no that's it.
All right, well look for a call or an email from our investigator here in the next three to five days, and make sure you respond to that so that they can work through that and it it's not deducted from your account, OK?
All right, thank you.
Thank you. We appreciate your business, you have a good day.
You too.
Thank you. Bye, bye.
Bye.
Welcome to Intellibank. This is Mike. How may I help you today?
Hi. Yes I was cuz I wanted to update my address on my account.
Oh yeah. I can definitely do that for you. Give me one second please.
All right.
All right. And I'm gonna ask you a couple questions. what is your first and last name?
Ryan McKissic.
OK. And Mr. Kissic Mr. McKissic excuse me. What is your date of birth?
Twelve nine eighty-five.
Twelve nine eighty-five. OK. And now Mr. McKissic I'm gonna need an authenticating ID number. That can be a credit card number, account number, driver's license number, state issued ID. Something like that.
I can give you my debit card number.
OK. Yeah. That's fine. whenever you're ready sir.
It's five four four nine.
Uh-huh.
Two seven zero nine.
Mhm.
Three nine five six.
Uh-huh.
Eight zero three zero.
Eight zero three zero. OK. I got that for you. Now we are going to I'm gonna ask you the security question that you have on your account. What was your street address growing up?
Five four three Elgerton Road.
Elgerton Road. OK. Just gotta ask those kind of questions for your security you know. I know they can be annoying.
Oh I get it. If you didn't ask them I would be worried.
I can get that I can get that. OK. One second. Hey can you read that credit card number back to me one more time Mr. McKissic? Just need that for a second confirmation.
Five four four nine.
Uh-huh.
Two seven zero nine.
Uh-huh.
Three nine five six.
Uh-huh.
Eight two zero two.
All right Mr. Kissic. Thank you so much. Now you said you were looking to update your street address today, correct?
yes.
OK. Now Mr. McKissic what is the street address you would like to have on file sir?
the street address I would like to have on file is seven zero zero one Hampton Road.
Seven zero zero one Hampton Road?
Yes. East Cleveland, Ohio four four one one two.
OK.
OK. East Cleveland, Ohio four four one one two just to confirm.
Yes.
OK.
How's the weather over there where you're at?
Oh it's not too bad to be October. Sunny skies today. Seventy-five. I couldn't ask for much better. How about there?
it's kind of weird for it to be eighty degrees in October.
Man. We you know what? I'm not gonna complain too much man because October where we are sometimes it can be bad. I know there's been snow on the ground.
Yeah.
So I'm you know I'm gonna I'm just gonna ride the wave.
Did you catch that playoff game last night?
Yes.
Come.
Down to the wire.
I did I did. I am a huge sports fan so I absolutely.
I am too. I don't care.
For either team but you know what I'm saying? I love good games.
Good games are good games.
Yep.
That's all that you can ask for as a fan.
I mean hey coming off the world series now.
Yes. baseball is actually my favorite sport so I I definitely enjoy it. I am kind of excited to watch them.
Oh OK. Yeah.
OK. All right. So let's see. Now is there any any further information about online banking and in order to help you know a
You have to actually.
Being one and know about online banking. Is is that another way I can access my account?
Mhm.
Oh absolutely. online banking may be probably the most convenient no no. Everything's free, everything's free. You can look at you know you can check your balance, you can update things without actually talking to me to be honest with you. I know that a lot of people it can be confusing sometimes but once you you get the hang of it it's actually pretty a pretty convenient way that actually handle business as opposed to you know waiting and for the for the agents to come through and things like that so it's actually pretty convenient.
Does it cost?
OK.
OK. Is there a way I can update my security question?
You can you can do that there as well. You can handle all of that online as well or like you know some people just they're they're old school. They just like to hear a voice and they wanna make sure that someone actually hears them talking. So either way is fine.
Oh.
OK. Yeah yeah. Online banking might be the way for me to go.
Oh yeah. For sure.
Now all the times.
Are.
Crazy when you call the bank.
They can be and especially during this COVID season I know it's a little bit slower so I do apologize for that.
it's not your fault man not your fault.
OK. Now is there anything else I can do for you Miss McKissic before I complete the call?
no. Nothing comes to mind. pretty much they didn't win the playoffs.
Oh man. I hope so too. I'm I don't know who really to root for like I said. I'm my home team's not even in it so I'm just I'm just watching good ball man.
Yeah yeah. I heard that.
All right Mr. McKissic. You take care. You have a good day now.
All right. You too. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes, hey Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards, and I'm calling to report a lost card.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Ms. Richards if I could ask how are you today?
I'm doing pretty good, just a little upset because I've I've lost my card.
Totally understandable Ms. Richards. Let me see if I can assist you with that. If you would can you provide me with your date of birth?
My date of birth is July the ninth of eighty-four.
OK. And Ms. Richards let me ask here what is your account number?
I lost my card, so I don't have the account number Jerry.
Understandable. Let me see if I can pull this up another way Ms. Richards. if you would just for security purposes if I could have the last four of your social?
Yes, it is eight zero three one.
Pardon me, my mistake Ms. Richards. I actually need the full social security number. Pardon me.
All right that number is four seven eight.
Six one.
Eight zero three one.
And again for security purposes Ms. Richards if I could just ask because again you are calling about a card that was lost or stolen. We wanna verify that we're speaking to the account owner. What is your mothers maiden name?
Sanchez.
Sanchez. OK and do you know what credit card number is Ms. Richards?
No I don't know what my credit card number is, because I lost my card.
Again, understandable. Let me see if I can pull this up another way. Let me ask Ms. Richards I think I've located it. can you tell me do you know when your card was lost or stolen?
Yes I lost it I think it was October the eighth when I was at Kroger.
Kroger you say Ms. Richards?
Yes.
OK. And lets see here Ms. Richards.
Again, sorry about that. I think we'll be able to get this handled for you.
Good. I appreciate that. when can I expect my new card then?
Great question Ms. Richards the process here is what I'm going to do is enter this information into our account. your account information. I'll be sending this over to our lost control department. And they will of course verify to make sure there are no unauthorized transactions moving forward. And I've already frozen the account, so that it cannot be used moving forward.
That's good.
Also just so that you know that the card should arrive probably within about seven to ten business days via the mail.
OK that's good then.
OK, and Ms. Richards if you would just let me know what address we're gonna be sending that card out to?
Yes.
The address is one four one Oakwood Avenue. Avendale Estates.
That's one four one Aven-Oakwood Avenue.
Avendale Estates.
Avendale Estates.
Georgia.
Georgia.
Three zero zero zero two.
Three zero zero zero two.
Correct.
Understood Ms. Richards. And again just so that you know it'll be about seven to ten business days. But that'll arrive to the address you just provided me.
And of course. You'll then be able to activate your new card once you receive it in the mail. via phone call, giving us a call or online.
OK, well is there a way I can go online, well you just said I could.
A great question, no thank you for asking Ms. Richards. Yes, you can go online with online banking and set up the account that way. once you receive it in the mail you'll then be able to activate the card right there online. via your website via our website here at Intellibank.
OK and by the way I got something in the mail about a rate interest increase. And I was told it was fixed so is can you explain that?
Great question Ms. Richards. Yes the mail that you received, you're correct your rate it was fixed but that's until the end of the year, so we just wanted to inform you a few weeks in advance. Of any changes to the rate. That rate change is not in effect as of now, but it will be at the end of the year, and we just wanted to give you advance notice. Of the upcoming rate increase.
OK. I was gonna come by the bank and speak to Michelle but I decided to just call. And you know, so I'm happy about that, and I also would like to make a wire transfer.
Great, great absolutely. Ms. Richards we can help you with that as well. Let me just pull this up. And let me ask Ms. Richards, what account were you wanting to do a wire transfer from?
OK it is four four seven nine.
Six five three two.
Seven four four six. Three nine two six. A VISA card.
Understood. OK, and again just to verify because were in a different part here of the system. Unfortunately Ms. Richards again what is your date of birth?
My date of birth is seven nine eighty-four.
OK. And again just for security purposes your mother's maiden name again is.
Sanchez.
Sanchez. OK. OK. I think we're fine with this. Now let me ask you here, Ms. Richards
Again what is the bank account number that you want this drawn from the wire transfer.
OK it's a VISA card four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six three nine two six.
And that's your bank account number Ms. Richards? Is that correct? Because we can only do wire transfers from your bank account or is that your credit card number?
My bank account.
No problem just wanted to be sure. And the amount that you want to do the wire transfer for is?
Three hundred dollars.
Three hundred dollars. OK? And Ms. Richards is that a domestic wire transfer or is that a international wire transfer?
It's a domestic.
OK, all right and do you know what the routing number is for the account that's receiving it.
Yes, it is one seven six three two eight five six two zero.
OK. And will deposit that there, and let me just ask Ms. Richards is there anything else that I can help you with?
No that's all I need right now just looking forward to getting my card.
Thank you Ms. Richards. We'll get on top of this, the wire transfer is completed, and we'll be sure to get you out your new card here in the next seven to ten business days.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Doris and how may I help you today?
Hey Doris, how are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well, ma'am. Thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
Well. I'm doing OK but I do have a little bit of a problem. My husband has gone out of town on a business trip and the hotel that they're staying at they have to have a debit card or a credit card on file and they do have to see the actual card and I swear this man would forget his own head if it wasn't screwed onto his body and what he has done he grabbed the debit card from my personal account and stead of the debit card for our joint account which is where we keep the bulk of our income and embarrassingly enough my personal checking. It doesn't have enough to cover that. So I don't quite know what to do. I mean, I was going to send him some money but I've I've called several different companies and they only will give him cash. They won't actually help me deposit it into his or into my account which is the card that he has of course.
All right, ma'am. Well, what I could suggest doing we could do an internal transfer which is where we would transfer some money from your joint account into your personal account.
Oh, well that sounds great. That would be absolutely perfect. I didn't know if Intellibank did that or not.
Yes, ma'am, we sure do but just to let you know this is Intellibank. You are calling the correct bank, aren't you?
Oh, yes, ma'am. I'm so sorry. We moved not long ago so we switched banks whenever we moved and it's my mistake. I'm I'm kinda flustered at the moment because of this crazy man .
Oh, ma'am. It's OK. I completely understand. My husband does things like that all the time himself. Now, I would need to get a little bit of information from you so I could pull up your account if that's all right?
Oh, absolutely, and just to check it and see would there be any charge for doing this?
No, ma'am. Since both of your accounts are with us there'd be no charge.
Oh, OK great What information do you need?
All right. First, ma'am, May I please have your first and last name?
Sure, it's Lisa McClure.
All right, Ms McClure and that is spelled M C C L U R E?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you so much Ms. McClure, and may I have your date of birth, please?
Sure, it's May the third nineteen sixty-one.
All right. I have May the third, nineteen sixty-one?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you, ma'am. And may I also have your driver's license number, please?
Oh, sure. It's F as in Frank seven seven five three four five two two eight one seven.
All right. Just to verify that with you. That was F as in Frank seven seven five three four five two two eight one seven?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you so much. And may I have the account number that you'd like to withdraw the money from?
Oh, ab~. Absolutely. I'm so sorry. Could you hold just one moment and let me go grab that information? It's in the other room.
Oh, that's not a problem. Sure, just let me know whenever you're back.
OK, great. Sorry again.
OK, I'm back. The account number that I would like to withdraw the money from would be seven one zero nine seven nine one one three.
All right, thank you Ms McClure. That was seven one zero nine seven nine one one three?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right, thank you, ma'am. And can I have the account number you would like the money deposited into?
Oh, absolutely. It's three five seven six one nine five three nine.
All right. I have five three seven six one nine five three nine?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right, and how much would you like to transfer over?
Let's see. He's going to be there for a few days. Let's let's go ahead and do a thousand.
All right. So we're transferring a thousand dollars over. Give me just one moment and let me get this processed for you.
OK, great. Thank you so much.
Yes, ma'am. No problem. You're very welcome. All right, Ms McClure. I do have that one thousand dollars transferred over to to your second account and that money is available immediately. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No, ma'am. That would be all. Thank you so very much for your help.
Yes, ma'am. Not a problem and again my name is Doris and thank you so much for choosing Intellibank and have a wonderful day.
Thank you so much. You too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. We value customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yeah, I'm trying to find and locate a new banking branch. I've moved.
OK, let me help you find that. What. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
It doesn't matter. You can call me Jill.
OK. So, you're saying you recently moved, and you're wanting to find a new bank location. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right.
OK. And what is your new home address, Jill?
so my new address is three zero seven North Maynard Road in Kansas City.
OK. Thank you, Jill. Can you also tell me what the ZIP code is?
yeah. Can you give me just one second? I need to look it up. I'm gonna have to go through this paperwork here and see if I can find it.
That's no problem, Jill! You just take your time, OK?
OK. actually, I did find it. Six five one zero eight.
OK. And are you wanting to find a location close to your home or to an office?
can you give a location close to my home and my office? Could I get both please?
Yeah, I can do that for you. Let me see what I can find next to your office first. I'm sorry, next to your home first. Give me one second, OK? are you looking for a full-service banking opportunity?
Yeah, so I need a bank that has everything please.
OK, let's search here for you. So, I have found a couple of options for you. let me see. Just to narrow it down, Jill, can you tell me are you looking for a bank with later hours? We have some locations that are open till five p.m., and then we have some locations that have drive-through hours or virtual teller hours open until seven p.m.. Would one of those interest you more or or do you not have a preference?
for the one closer to my home, I'd really like it to be open a little later if possible.
OK. So let's find one with a seven p.m. virtual teller option for you from your home. Let's do some looking here. OK.
Do you live in the Kansas City area?
Yes, I'm also from Kansas City.
So do you know a place where there's some good live music around here?
Like what kind of music are you looking for? Cuz Kansas City has a couple great options.
we have pretty eclectic taste, I guess. So really anything. just. Like a little bit of a music vibe, if that makes sense.
Yeah! so we have the jazz district at eighteenth And Vine, and they have a lot of jazz shows that they do down there. Or we have Westport area. and they host a lot of live and local bands. so it kinda really just depends on your preference.
So are both of these locations downtown?
Yeah, so eighteenth And Vine is in the heart of downtown, but Westport is Westport is a little further south. there are some other great concert options in other areas over the city, too. And then there's some obviously over state lines, too.
So are these like bigger venues, or they're like little dive balls?
so the ones I mentioned, the the Vine and the Westport, those are mostly small bars with outdoor venues. But we do have like some larger things downtown like the Sprint Center. And then there's the Kansas City Power and Light District in the heart of the city, too. Those are both a lot larger venues and hold bigger concert and events.
OK. Well, what. For now, we think mainly we just want to go grab a drink and listen to some live music. Not really anything too big, I guess.
Yeah, I'd probably check out the jazz district or Westport if you're looking to just for like a more relaxed night at music.
OK, thank you. I appreciate that. We'll check that out then.
No problem, Jill! So, I did find a location that was close to your home. Let me know when you're ready, and I'll give that address to you.
OK, I'm ready.
OK. So, the the address I found close to your home is just one point six miles from your home. It's a full-service location with a virtual teller drive-through open until seven p.m.. And that address is six five six seven Hudson drive. Is six five six seven Hudson Drive. And that's Kansas City.
I know that! That's that's really really close. Thank you! Do you have one by my work by any chance?
Yeah, let me look up that one for you. What is your work address?
It's three zero nine eight Rock Hill Road in Kansas wait!
Oh! Yeah, that's right. OK, so that's three zero nine eight Rock Hill. No, wait! I'm sorry I'm sorry! I said that wrong. It's three nine zero eight Rock Hill, Kansas City, Missouri.
OK. So, it's three nine zero eight Rock Hill Road, Kansas City, Missouri. Is that correct?
Yes, that's right. Three nine zero.
OK. So let me see what I can find near you. And you said this location doesn't have to have the later hours either, correct?
Yes. On this one, it doesn't matter. It can stay till five. That's fine with me.
All right. So let me see what I can find here. So I do see a location that's about four blocks from your your office, and that address is two one zero eight Montel Road. It's two one zero eight Montel Road in Kansas City, and it's in the Carter Business building.
I know exactly where that's at. That's really close to my office actually. Actually go for meetings there quite often.
Well then that that one's perfect then! was there anything else I could do for you today? I've got those two addresses for the home and the and the office one for you. Was there anything else I might be able to help you with before I disconnect today?
no. I don't think so. I appreciate it.
All right, Jill. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank! You have a great day, OK?
Thank you for calling Intellibank this is Lisa how may I help you today?
Yes I need to transfer some money to my mom's bank account.
OK I can help you with that just a moment here let me get my computer set up.
OK.
Thank you for waiting can you give me your first and last name please?
Sure Sunni S U N N I Bean B E A N.
Thank you and I need your address please.
Eighteen forty-two Woodvine Street apartment H two Fairborn Ohio four five three two four.
Thank you . Woodvine is all one word?
Yes.
OK can you give me a phone number please?
Nine three seven four six three three three eight zero.
I'm sorry that's not the number I have. Can you provide another number? Can you give me your most current phone number?
Nine three seven five three two five five seven nine.
OK let me update that for you for just a minute here.
How's your day going?
I'm fine how are you today?
Good!
How's the weather there?
It's warm.
That's good. It's kinda chilly here.
I wish it was chilly here.
OK can you. I have that updated for you. Can you go ahead and give me your social security number?
Five two two six five eight seven nine eight.
Thank you and I need your date of birth.
Six thirty eighty-one.
Thank you and then to verify your account I need your authenticating ID number do you know that?
R R five nine four one one zero.
Thank you and is that an ID number?
Driver's license.
Driver's license thank you. And then I need the answer to your security question.
It's Johnson.
OK great. OK so you need to make a transfer from one account to another. Does your mom bank with us too?
No it's a different bank.
OK so you well so in order to make that transaction it would have to be a bank account that she has holding with us.
Yeah we got it.
OK it is with you guys I forgot she transferred.
OK so do you have that bank account number so I can verify it?
Yes I do.
Go ahead.
Eight three two zero zero one nine.
OK just a minute here. And can you give me her name?
Tam Lacouch.
Thank you. And then what account number of yours would you like the money to come from?
Five nine zero eight one four two nine.
OK let me load that up and look at your account here just a minute. It looks like a checking account is that right?
Yes.
OK. OK and what amount would you like to transfer to her account?
Two hundred and fifty dollars.
OK.
I'm also having a problem with my savings accounts there's a transfer I don't recognize.
OK well we could file a dispute for you would you like to work on that first?
No let's get the transfer done.
OK. All right so you want to transfer two hundred and fifty dollars from your account to your mother's account is that right?
Yes.
OK all right I went ahead and did that so after the transfer it looks like you still have four hundred and thirty dollars in your account does that sound about right?
Yes it does.
OK good. So I went ahead and made that transfer Now Do you have online banking setup with us?
Not yet.
OK can I tell you about online banking? That would be an easier way for you to to make transfers in the future.
Sure.
OK so you would go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com. And at the top of the page there's an option for online banking. Sorry you would click that link and then click sign up new member.
OK.
And then you'll need your your personal information and your account number to register.
OK.
And then once you register you'll have access to your balances for all your accounts, you can make transfers, you can order checks. There's lots of things you can do but at the top of the page when you log in there will be a tab that says transfers.
OK.
And if you want to make a transfer to someone else's account like you're doing today you can just put in their account number and their name if they're with us and your account information and hit transfer and it goes through and you don't have to call the call center.
OK.
OK.
You're welcome to call here if you want to but it's just another option for you.
OK can you hold on one second?
Oh sure!
You forgot we had to do that.
Shut up!
Are you still there?
Oh I'm here.
OK I'm sorry about that.
That's OK. All right so is there any other thing I can help you with today? Did you wanna work on that dispute?
No not today I'll figure it out.
OK.
Well if you decide you do want to dispute that transaction figure out where it came from you're welcome to call back. You can also dispute it via online banking if you set that up.
OK.
Now how does that sound?
Sounds good.
All right is there anything else that I can help you with today?
No I don't think so.
All right well thank you for calling Intellibank you have a good day.
You too.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Diamond. How can I help you?
Hey Diamond, how are you?
OK. How are you doing today?
doing pretty good, doing pretty good. So I I have a weird question for you. Are you ready to perform a bar rescue?
OK.
What?
I'm not really sure what that means.
OK. So I. I need well I need to do a couple things. First thing first, my brother, my kid brother, he has a bar and he went into the bar business and doesn't know what he's doing. And, big brother that I am, am coming to to to save the day. And perform a bar rescue and I need to send him some money.
Oh wow. OK. Well hope I he gives you unlimited drinks for that.
me too.
OK. So is. Is he a customer with Intellibank?
No he's not.
OK. OK. So what I would suggest would be a wire transfer.
OK.
Because that would be the fastest way for you to get him money because he's not also an Intellibank customer. just to let you know though, Let me ask you, is it a domestic or. OK great. So that's only. It's a five dollar charge.
Yes.
OK. That's fine.
Is that OK with you?
OK perfect. So first of all, let's get some information from you. What is your first and last name?
my first name is Drew.
OK.
And the last name is Summers.
OK. Is it. It's S U M M E R S?
Yes.
OK Mr. Summers. And what's your date of birth?
It's April ninth.
OK.
Nineteen eighty-five.
And your security question which is who is your favorite teacher?
Miss McGlaughlin.
OK. And. OK. So what is the account number that you want to withdrawal the funds from?
OK the account number is.
Mhm.
OK. It's zero three.
Mhm.
Six six one.
OK.
Seven five.
Mhm.
One nine zero.
OK perfect. OK so you have twenty-two thousand dollars in that account.
How much do you want to wire?
I think the. I think you mean to say you had twenty-two.
You had twenty. Yes.
five thousand dollars.
OK.
OK and what is the. I need the routing number and then the bank deposit number of where we're gonna be transferring. You know, sending over the wire to that.
Right.
OK.
The routing number is zero zero one.
OK.
Six oh seven.
Mhm.
Nine six five.
OK. And the account number?
OK account number is oh six seven.
Mhm.
Oh two one.
Mhm.
One nine.
Seven one.
OK. OK so I'm sending this up and It'll take about ten to fifteen minutes for him to get that money.
And as I said there's a five dollar fee. So your account balance now is sixteen thousand nine hundred and ninety-five dollars.
OK.
OK. And
OK. So is there anything else that we can do for you today?
Yeah. I also. I wanna open up another checking account. This way I can You know, for myself cuz I'm gonna take over some of the bills with this to try to get him back on track with this.
OK.
OK.
so I wanna open a checking account.
OK. what did you want to take that from the savings account? OK. So we're gonna take it from that account number.
Yes.
And open up a checking. OK. And how much to do want to put into the checking?
Correct.
let's do six thousand on that one.
OK.
I'll do six thousand and then OK. So then your savings account will be now at ten thousand nine hundred ninety-five.
OK? Just to let you know. And to let you know also there are no fees when opening up an. A checking. There are no monthly fees. There's no maintenance fees, there's no fee to set this up with us today.
Mhm.
Yup.
So, you're all good and that actually will go in well it. Pretty quickly. It's. It'll it'll be. All together when you get your bank card.
In the mail.
We'll be sending you out a. You know a new bank card for this checking account.
Right.
It will.
It takes five to seven business days. We say that, but it usually is quicker than that. I'd say it's like, maybe like. Usually takes about three to four.
But just in case we overestimate. So you'll get that card and then when you get the card, you. There will be a sticker on the card to prompt you through everything. And then maybe a day or two before you get the actual card, you'll get your PIN number. You don't have to keep that PIN number. You can go in and it'll show you how to change it .
If you want to, you know, have an authentic one. You don't have to keep the one that we gave you.
Everything will be self-explanatory.
And is like, is there anything else I can help you with?
While you're waiting for your card, do you have any questions?
yeah just I guess real quick Online banking. If I. If I get set up for online banking, would I be able to manage all these accounts in one spot?
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yes. And I would totally recommend that for you. It's really simple, easy, convenient. You don't have to speak to me or any of the other agents. it's just basically twenty-four hours for you.
OK.
So what I can do is is I can send you over the link that will set you up with all of that.
just give me an updated email if you can, when you're ready. I'll. I'll take that.
yeah it's D Summers The letter D, Summers.
OK.
Mhm.
nineteen eighty-five.
OK.
At Gmail dot com.
OK.
OK perfect. So I'm gonna send that over to you.
Look for that email. And as I said it's really easy. But if you need any help you could always call us back.
Our customer service line is open until eight p.m. Eastern. And it's you know. We're here to help. All the time.
Is it. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No that's it. I've tried everything. Thank you so much.
All right, have a great weekend. Thanks.
You too.
Good afternoon thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Cecilia how can I help you?
Yeah I'm trying to send some money to my son through a wire transfer, can yo help me with that?
Yes most definitely, we'll be more than happy to help you with that.
OK thank you.
Can I have your first and last name please?
Yeah that's Sam Martinez.
Wonderful can you confirm your security question? What what is your pet's name?
My pet's name is Paco my little Paco he's a little chihuahua. I love him, we actually adopted him a year ago and he was going crazy. It's just so phenomenal when you find a a little puppy well was a year old. So he's not really a puppy but he's very small and it's it's phenomenal when you find someone that you click with like your little pet, and he was well trained I guess, but he was hurting so thankfully we came across him. it's it's one of the best things that has happened to us little Paco. Sorry about that. He's love talking about him. He's so beautiful.
Oh no no no problem I have a pet as well. my my pet's called Jumpy because he's he's he's also a pet chihuahua but he's very scared of everything, so we actually started calling Jumpy every time we open a door or talk he actually gets all jumped up and scared and actually won't do anything. Was that your your puppy I heard in the background?
Yeah that's actually him, he's here next to me.
Oh whoa wonderful. There you go again, that's so nice to hear hey. all right so let me see Sam. is this going to be a domestic or a wire transfer or international?
Nah, it's gonna be a domestic.
Wonderful, can I have the routing number and account number we'll send the money to?
Yeah the routing number is one zero two nine three eight four seven. Account number is one two three zero nine eight four seven.
All right wonderful can you confirm the account number for me one more time?
Yeah it was zero one two three nine eight seven. That is mine.
Yes yes wonderful, thank you very much. That way I can go and access. And the amount?
let me go and process your request. do you mind me asking what was your last transaction you made? Are you able to recall that?
Yeah actually it was at a gas station for forty dollars.
All right correct and prior to that?
I think I was shopping at a convenience store. Bought some food. Not more than a hundred dollars. Probably like ninety-eight seventy-six?
OK that is correct, cool.
Thank you very much the process has been submitted. the amount should be transferred within the next three business days and your son should have the funds by Friday if I am correct. All right?
Great.
OK is there anything else I could help you with?
Oh yeah now that I have you on the call, I'd like to cancel one of my credit cards.
Yeah definitely sure. let me confirm the last four digits of your credit card number please.
That's five five eight eight.
Wonderful, thank you. OK I am going to having cancel this card, and we are going to be issuing you a new one to the address that's on file, is that fine? Can you confirm that for me?
Yeah that's six zero, Los Ebanos Drive.
Wonderful, six zero Los Ebanos Drive. We'll go ahead and submit that request. it should arrive within two weeks. Now do keep in mind once you receive it, you will have to follow the information in the letter you receive with it to activate the new card.
All right, wonderful. Can you also transfer some money from that credit card debit card that we are canceling to my other one that I have with my wife? That way, I won't miss out on the funds.
Oh yeah most definitely I'd be more than happy to assist you with that. can you confirm the last four of the debit card that you want us to deposit that fund to you to?
Yeah it is zero nine two three. It ends I believe in zero nine to three. Let me check with my wife's card my card. yeah zero nine two three.
OK, wonderful. What is the amount that you want us to transfer over?
It's five hundred dollars.
OK all right this will be an immediate transfer. You wouldn't have to worry about the three business days. because both of them are your account and they're still active therefore the five hundred dollars will transfer to your other account automatically.
is there anything else I can help you with at this moment?
No not at this time, you've been very helpful and my my puppy keeps barking a little bit I know. He's. Think he's a little bit anxious.
-huh well have a wonderful weekend and have fun with your Paco. it was very nice speaking with you and being able to assist you don't hesitate to call us for any banking needs. Thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Jake, can I get your first and last name please?
yes my first name is Ben, last name Reilly.
Reilly.
R E I L L Y?
yes that is correct.
OK. Can I get your date of birth?
yes. November twenty-third, nineteen seventy nine.
All righty.
And for security purpose, can I get your driver's license or state ID number?
yes, that is R P four zero seven five seven three.
OK. And also for security purpose can I also get your email address?
yes. My email address is B Reilly seventy nine at Yahoo dot com.
that's Yahoo dot com?
yes. That is correct.
OK.
Nice to know somebody else still uses that.
right? People still think it's obsolete. Nope. It will not turn into AOL.
All right Ben, what can I do for you?
yes. I want to report a lost card.
Oh.
Lost the card. OK.
Yeah.
All right.
When was this missing?
I discovered it missing about fifteen minutes ago. I though I put it back in my wallet my.
I don't think I did. I can't even seem to find it anywhere. I last used it at an ATM. I went back to check and it wasn't there so.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure it's lost for good if not you know stolen. Someone just found it and took it.
All righty that's all I needed to hear.
Well we're gonna. Make sure that we cancel that card real quick. can I get the last four digits?
If you remember?
Yeah. four five zero six.
Four five zero six.
OK.
All right. OK. With Intellibank we make sure that we cancel the card.
Mhm.
We will issue a new one
It might have the same number, it might not Most of the time they don't but at the.
Right.
The. The card should be coming to you within the next five business days.
Awesome.
you will probably get a. A alert on your account within the next two days, where they actually give you information about the new card.
Mhm.
So if you still need to make purchases or whatever within like, online purchase.
If you need to buy groceries from DoorDash or anything. They will give you the new card's information within two days.
That way you're not without like a week.
Oh. Yeah. Yeah that works.
So,
Yeah, that's. That. We will get that done
Also, just so we making sure that we're sending it to the right address. can you confirm your address for me please?
yeah. It's thirty-two thirty-eight Bowling Green.
OK. That is the address we have on file.
Awesome.
All righty. we will get that done and it should be sent to you hot quick and jiffy.
Awesome sounds great. Thanks a lot.
No problem at all.
By the way do you need to know your account balances to make sure that it wasn't tampered?
yes please. That would be great.
And this card was logged into which account?
my checkings.
Your checkings. Can I get the checkings account number, just to make sure?
yeah. Nine eight seven, one two three, four five zero six.
One five three two zero six?
four five zero six.
Four five zero. Sorry. OK.
Right now you're sitting at four thousand eight hundred ninety five dollars and seventy two cents.
That. That. That sounds about right.
That sounds about right? Good. Good.
Good to know no one tampered with.
Right. Right. I'm. I'm happy for you because the No. Not.
Not everybody is that lucky.
Yeah right. Glad I could get that closed out before someone decides to use it.
I'm glad we got to it before anything could happen to it.
Yeah. anything else I can help you with?
since you're there, could you read my savings balance to me as well?
OK. And for security purpose can I get your savings account number?
Yeah nine eight two three.
Nine eight.
Two three.
OK and you're sitting at five thousand two hundred and eighty seven dollars.
Awesome. Sounds good.
Sounds good?
Yeah. Thank you.
All right, man. Mr. Reilly I hope you have a wonderful day. Don't fret. We've got you covered.
All right. Appreciate the help.
No problem. You have a lovely day.
you too.
Thank you for calling Intellibank.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yeah I need to go by the branch and drop off some loan documents for my car note. And you know I thought Mary was gonna be there. And I called about something the other day and I thought she was gonna pick up.
Not a problem at all. Well I'm more than happy to help you with this yeah you know she is one she's so terrific. She is one of our team leaders here and you know unfortunately or I guess fortunately she's actually helping another customer so I guess I'll have to do today.
Well I appreciate it.
No problem at all. And you said you needed to stop by and drop off some documents for your car loan?
Yes.
Sure. Sure. Well let me see if I can pull up your account. And are and or find out where branch is if you would ma'am first of all what's your name?
Evelyn Richards.
OK Ms. Richards thanks for giving us a call. Just for security purposes if I could ask what is your date of birth?
Eleven twelve eighty five.
All right. And what's the you know for again security purposes. What's your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
All right. Terrific. Again we just like to ask that just for account security purposes particularly when our customers call in because we do take account security very seriously here in Intellibank.
And that is great.
Now if you would Ms. Richards just let me know what is a street that you're gonna be at or near so I can see if I can find a few branches near your street.
OK. It's one oh one Ferryville Lane.
All right. That's one oh one Ferryville Lane?
Yes.
And what city is that in?
Phoenix.
And the state?
Arizona.
All right. Let's see here yes ma'am. I was able to locate couple of options here I see one Ms. Richards at five seventy-three James Way. And that one is about two miles from the address you gave.
OK.
And the other I see is at three seventy-six Charlie Lane and that one appears to be about eight miles from the address you gave me.
OK. That one is a little bit further can you give me one more?
Sure let's see I can find one here. This one here the other also appears to be an extra a little further out as well but that one the first one I gave you was two miles away. And the second was eight miles. This third one that I'm seeing is about twenty-two miles away.
No. of course not. Let's me get that first one on James Way.
There you go. And just so you're aware you can stop by the branch with those documents the hours that you can stop by are Monday through Friday from nine till four p.m..
OK.
And also it's open Saturday from ten a.m. till one p.m..
All right. And by the way, what's the balance on my savings account?
Sure. Happy to help you with that Ms. Richards. if you would just give me if you can hopefully you have your savings account number?
Yes I have it.
OK. And what's that number?
Nine eight four six five nine seven.
OK. Yes. I was able to pull that up and your account balance there is five thousand dollars and sixteen cents.
All right so is five thousand dollars and sixteen cents. I got to go ahead and round that sixteen cent off.
Yes ma'am. Well whatever you wanna do those funds'll be there for you.
OK.
And Ms. Richards are you aware at all of our online banking that we offer?
No.
OK. Well if you're not aware what you can do is simply go visit our website and give me the use that same account number you just gave me choose your own username and password, create the account from there you'll be able to access your account information, change update view your street address your phone numbers email address your account balance, transfer funds between your savings and checking account. Make payments online right there as well. But also you'll be able to do what we did here you can simply enter in your address that you might be near and it'll offer you options as far as branches and ATM locations.
OK. Well thank you for all of that information.
Not a problem at all. Well Ms. Richards is there anything else I can help you with?
not today.
Well Ms. Richards if that be all we again appreciate you doing business with us and I guess hopefully we'll see you stop by one of our branches.
Yes.
You have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Vicky. How may I help you?
Hi my name is Nate. I'd like to do a money transfer and I'd also like to open a savings account.
OK Nate. I'd be happy to assist you today. So this money transfer will be going to another account, not into the savings account you'd like to open?
Exactly.
Alright. I can get you squared away squared away To start, let's retrieve your account. What is your full name, address, and date of birth?
Sure, my name's Nathan Emory. I live at one two eight Pinecone Court and my date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
Thank you for that. And please verify your account number for me.
My account number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Great. And then what's the name of your first pet?
Winky.
Alright, thank you. I see you have a balance of one hundred and thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents in this account?
Yeah, that sounds right.
Is this going to be a domestic or international transfer?
It's to my credit union across town, so.
That would be domestic.
Yeah, I thought so.
Alright. Please go ahead and provide me with the routing number of the account you'd like me to forward your funds to.
Where's the routing number?
Oh, sure. The first set of numbers on the bottom left of your checks, it should be nine numbers.
OK, yeah, OK. The routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four.
Nine eight two five four three six four four.
Yep.
Thank you, and what is the account number?
Seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero?
Yeah.
OK, thank you. How much did you want to transfer today?
let's move a hundred dollars.
OK. To confirm.
actually, let let's move fifty dollars. Is it too late?
Nope, not too late. Let me make that adjustment. One moment.
Alright. Now to confirm. Nathan Emory is authorizing a domestic wire transfer in the amount of fifty dollars from his Intellibank checking account. Number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. We are sending these funds to another financial institution and the routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four. And the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Is this information correct?
That's right.
OK. I'll go ahead and process this request. It will be final within thirty minutes. Excuse me. You'll receive an email confirmation of this transfer when the funds have posted to the forwarded account. Is the email on file still correct? N Emory at Hotmail dot com?
Yep, that's right.
Alright, it'll be just a moment, and I'll have a transaction ID number for you to write down.
No hurry. So do you have any plans for this weekend?
nothing special. Laundry and household chores, you know. How about you?
I have tickets to the game. You like football?
No, not really. I just never really got into it. I have that transaction ID number for you, if you're ready.
Yeah, I'm ready.
Alright, that number is nine nine nine one two six five.
Nine nine nine one two six five. Got it.
Alright and your new balance is nine, no, eighty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents. And then you said you also wanted to open a new account with us.
Yes.
Will that be checking or savings?
It'll be a savings account.
OK Nate. This process will take me to a completely new screen and I won't have access to your personal information, so we will have to go through it all. To start please give me your full name and your address.
My name is Nathan Emory and my address is one two eight Pinecone Court.
And what is the city and state please?
Branson, Missouri, and the ZIP code is five nine four four zero.
Your phone number?
It's two two nine seven three zero one nine one nine. Also my email is Nathan Emory, I'm sorry, N Emory at Hotmail dot com. Just in case you need that, too.
Great. What's your date of birth, Nate?
September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And your complete social security number.
Eight one eight one two zero three eight two.
Thank you, and what is your driver's license number?
Sure, it's Z one zero three eight eight seven two one four.
Thank you. Now you may choose which security question you'd like to use to access your account. You could choose from What is your mother's name? What is the name of your first pet? Or what street did you grow up on?
let's do the name of my first pet, just like my checking account.
OK, and then again what was the name of your first pet?
Winky.
Oh yeah. Thank you. Alright. We have multiple types of checking accounts for you to choose from. We have free checking, for those who are under the age of twenty-five, or keep a minimum daily balance of five hundred. We also have an interest bearing checking account for those who keep a mil minimum daily balance of one thousand. This checking account has comes with an interest rate of three point three percent. And then we have a flex checking account that requires no minimum daily balance with a service fee of three ninety-nine a month.
OK, I'll take that free checking account.
Alright, it'll just be a moment while this processes. OK Nate, the routing number for your savings your new savings account is nine eight two five four three six five five. And the account number the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine five five. Can you repeat those back to me?
Sure. The routing number is nine eight two five four three six five five and the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine five five.
Great. And would you like to do a wire transfer to add funds to your new savings account today?
No, I'm just gonna deposit a check later today. I'll swing through the drive-thru.
Sounds good. Is there anything else I can help you with right now?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.
great, no problem. Have a great day.
You too.
Bye bye .
Bye.
Hi. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank today. How can I help you?
Hello my name is Charlene and I'm calling about some transaction.
OK no problem and what would you like to know?
I'm actually the transaction because I can't recall doing such a transaction or even transferring such a huge amount to to an a loan account.
Alright I see. So would you like to dispute that transaction?
Yes I like to dispute it.
Alright no problem. I'll first gather some information from you. First can I get your name and date of birth please.
OK. My name is Charlene Peterson and my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December nineteen ninety.
Alright thank you. And can I also get your account number please.
give me a moment.
OK.
OK.
My account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four. And my phone number is five one two nine nine one five five one nine.
Alright thank you so much for both of those pieces of information. And can I also get your credit card number please.
OK. The number is four nine two nine three eight one three two seven five five two two two four.
Alright thank you so much for that. And last question. This is a security question to help me verify your identify. So your security question is what is your mother's maiden name?
it's Taylor. Taylor with a Y.
Alright I see. Thank you so much. Alright so looking at your account. Which is the dollar amount that you're disputing again?
there seems to be a transaction of about eight hundred dollars.
Oh wow that is a lot.
Yeah it's quite much.
Alright and do you know the date of this transaction?
It was actually last month. I think on the tenth of or in between the tenth and the ninth. I can't really recall the exact date.
Alright no problem. I do see here it was for last month on the second.
Oh yeah.
OK. And again the reason for the dispute is you do not recognize this transaction. Correct?
Yeah I don't remember carrying out such a transaction.
Right. Right. And could you know of anyone else who may have done this transaction?
No I don't share my personal information with other people.
I see. And would you possibly have a regular membership or subscription with any company that you know of?
No. Not with this not with this account number.
I see I see. Alright well I can go ahead and make a report for you for that transaction. And what will happen is the fraud team will go over that transaction and they will investigate it. And they will determine if it is fraud or not. And the steps that will happen after that in order to get rid of that transaction.
that's all right. But I'm worrying wondering how long will the process take. Like for the team to look look over the complaint.
So it will take about three to four weeks.
Oh. And after that how will I know or how will I get the response?
So you should receive it in the mail. And it will be at the address that we have for you on file. And that mail should have the results of the investigation.
Oh that sounds all right. And I was also wondering about do you guys offer a returns card?
did you mean our rewards card?
Yeah actually yes. A rewards card. Sorry about that.
Yeah.
Yes no problem. Yes we do have rewards cards. they are a type of credit card where every time you use it for a transaction you will get a rewards. about five to ten percent rewards each time.
Oh, that's nice. I'm glad to hear that. I'll I'll get in touch for to get one. Or can I go to just a nearby branch to get one?
Yes. You can go to a nearby branch. Or you could go online and apply for one online.
Oh thank you.
Absolutely.
And how is the weather over there?
Oh the weather is so nice lately. I've been loving it lately. How's the weather with you?
it's not bad. I can't complain.
Absolutely. Alright Charlene is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. This is all I needed for now.
Alright. Thank you so much for calling. Take care.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. This is Jamie. How can I help you?
Hey Jamie, how you doing? This is Joe Simmons. customer of your bank. And do I have some interesting issues for you.
Oh. OK. Well no problem. We're here to help. What can I do for you today?
well I have My my youngest child who's now in college is she's draining me. And it's time to transfer money to her account and yes I I I don't even know how you want to start this To transfer money from one of my accounts I have with you to her account and I need to close my account and just Do you have children? Jamie do you have children?
I don't but I am an aunt to two teenagers. So I get it. And I am here to help. Don't worry, we will. We will get through this together. First of all, can I have your first and last name.
OK. The first name is Joseph Simmons.
Is that S I M M O N S?
Yes.
OK, and if I could just have the account number. that you want to transfer the funds from.
OK. From it's.
Zero.
Eight eight six one one seven. Zero nine.
OK. So I see that's your checking account.
Yes.
OK. So I'm gonna just. I just have a couple more questions. And what is your pin number for that account?
It's one one excuse me, one one seven nine.
OK. Perfect. And just your security question? What is the name of your childhood best friend?
Anthony.
OK. Perfect. OK. So do you want to transfer all of the money from your checking? And are you
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Oh yes. Yeah. It's again. You you Niece I get it, but this child is draining me.
Oh I get it I get it but you know, children are a joy so. I'm sure she'll pay you back one day When she's finished with college. So now do you want to. Since. Are you gonna transfer all of the money? OK, so there's four thousand one hundred and thirty dollars in that account. So you wanna transfer that and then close this account?
Whoo, a joy.
Yes.
Please.
OK. OK. No problem.
Of this child.
This child better realize what I'm giving her.
OK. so, actually I'm going to need her account number. when you're ready, I'm ready to take that.
OK. It's zero nine one five seven one. Six six three.
OK, and her name is Dalila? Is that correct?
Oh yeah that's her.
That's a beautiful name.
yeah.
OK. So I'm just going to go ahead and transfer this. Now it'll take. It takes about three to five business days when you are closing an account like this you know. If it was. If you were keeping your account open it would maybe take just twenty-four hours but the whole process with take about three to five business days for her to get that. Is. Is that OK?
OK.
Yeah, yeah that's fine. So The. The transfer of the money will take three to five business days? Or is it the whole transfer and the closing of the account.
Yes.
Both.
Yes. The transfer and the closing of the account will all be three to five business days, and then if you can just provide me with your email, I can send you an email confirmation of everything that transpired between us today. So what would be a good up-to-date email for you?
OK.
OK. It's Joe Simmons.
Mhm J O E?
J O E Simmons, one one at Gmail dot com.
OK.
OK. Perfect. Perfect Joe and I'm just putting in all this info now. do you want any other information on how to open up maybe a different kind of account or we we also have a lot of loan. Situation that we can offer to you since your daughter seemed to like tap you out right now. I don't know if I can help you with any kind of. We do provide We do provide a bunch of different forms of help for you. I see that you are in good standing. With your account. You've been in business with us for almost for five years. So if you ever wanna come in I can help you with that or I can also set up like an online banking. A new account for you. I mean think about it. You can call back whatever you are thinking.
That's a pleasant way of putting it.
Yeah, I. I mean I. I do have a couple other accounts but this honestly this was like an account I started when she was young. And been building, building, building and I was hoping it would've lasted till she at least got through college. Not being a freshman in college and running into all these, you know dorms and books and this and that and God knows what she's doing in that college. I don't even wanna know.
Mhm.
Right.
Awe, well I'm. I'm sorry just hang in there. I'm sure she's doing a great job. And you're doing a great job. You're supporting her, and that's so important. And is there anything else I can help you with today? Anything at all?
No I think. I think that's it. It's just I I will probably get a thank card from your bank before I get it from my daughter.
Awe, well thank you so much Mr. Simmons. It's a pleasure working with you today and as I said if you have any other questions or if you need anything from us please don't hesitate to call back. And just look out for that email confirmation of everything that transpired today and the closing of your account and the transferring of funds into your daughter's account that will be an email to you. so is there anything else that I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you so much for everything.
OK.
Thank you so much, Mr. Simmons. Have a great day.
You too.
Good afternoon thank you for calling Intellibank help helpline how may I help you?
Well yes hi good afternoon I was trying to see how I could do an internal transfer with y'alls bank today?
I would gladly to be able to assist you may I have you first and last name?
My name is Sandy Fields.
Hi Ms Fields how are you doing today?
I'm not doing to bad how about yourself?
Just hanging in there thanks for asking.
My pleasure.
OK Mrs Fields you said that you wanted to do an internal transfer is that correct?
That is correct ma'am that is definitely correct.
All right well in order for me to log into your account and do that internal transfer I'm gonna need your first and last name, your date of birth and your account number please.
Oh sure sure sure that's not a problem at all. My name is Sally Fields, my date of birth is ten ten nineteen sixty-five.
And I don't have my account number in front of me can I possibly just give you my social?
Sure Mrs Fields you can actually give me your last four digits and I will be able to access your account.
OK well it's seven seven seven.
All right thank you Mrs. Fields. Let me go ahead and log into your account. It'll be a brief moment.
OK Mrs Fields I see that your account has popped up here OK so what exactly would you like to transfer?
Well yeah darling I would like to go ahead and transfer some money from my savings account and move it over to my checking account can I do that with you today over the phone?
Yes Mrs Fields we'll be glad be able to assist you with that not an issue at all.
Can you please verify the last four digits of your security account I I apologize your savings account please?
Sure sure sure not a problem it's three three three three.
OK and the last four digits of your checking account just to verify to make sure we're opening the right account.
Not a problem at all it's thirty-four thirty-four.
OK for your savings it's three three three three.
That's correct.
And then for your checking perfect OK well exactly how are you looking how much money are you looking to transfer?
Well I want to take money out of my checkings and put it into my savings how much money is can I possibly transfer with you today?
Well we do a minimum transfer of ten thousand dollars you cannot exceed that amount.
Oh that's perfectly fine I was looking to transfer about twenty-five hundred.
So we took the twenty transfer twenty-five hundred from your checkings to your saving is that correct?
Yes yes yes I would like to transfer twenty-five hundred from my checking to my savings please.
Not a problem Mrs Fields I'll be gladly able to assist you with that.
Oh I had another quick question how long will that take? How long will I have my funds?
How long will it take for it to be posted to my account as a transaction well Mrs Fields with our bank it takes up to twenty-four hours the most will be forty-eight hours but it will definitely show up in your transactions after this phone call.
OK that sounds that sounds great thank you so much.
Not a problem Mrs Fields.
Just give me one brief moment and I'll be able to transfer your twenty-five hundred from your checking over to your savings it'll just take a brief moment.
Not a problem.
Thank you so much.
All right Mrs Fields I was able to transfer your money from your savings I apologize from your checking to your savings at the amount of twenty-five hundred is that correct?
That's correct.
OK just verifying OK everything went through just allow twenty-four to forty-eight hours for that transaction to be posted to your account and you should be good to go.
Well that was pretty simple and easy.
Well yeah actually well if you check out our our website at WWW dot Intellibanking dot com you can actually set up your own your own online account with our online banking there you can see your transactions as far as what's been deposited, what's been withdrawn. You can also do your own internal transfer with your account online.
Oh well that sounds great thank you so much for explaining that to me I didn't know there was actually an online account that I can do that oh I can make my own online banking account.
Yeah sometimes it's you know it it kind of if you don't ask sometimes you just kind of don't forget you know you kind of forget about it. I also wanted to mention that you can also receive your paper statements through your to your home. Or you can also have an option of clicking that clicking out of that option and having it sent to your email so that could be a file instead of a paper file.
Well thank you so much but the way I am I like to see the paper in front of me, so I'll probably just keep it as a mail
Document it's just easier for me so I just have it so I can have it as a reference to go back cuz sometimes setting up your account you kind of forget the login and all that at least I know for sure every month I'll be getting my my statements in the mail so I'll just keep it that way.
Not a problem Mrs Fields I just wanted to give you different options as far as setting up your account with the online portal and exactly how that works.
Well thank you so much I appreciate you taking your time to do that for me.
Not a problem.
Should you have any other questions please feel free to give us a call back we'll be gladly be able to assist you with any other questions that may come up.
That sounds great thank you so much for your time.
I appreciate it.
Not a problem Mrs Fields is there anything else you need any help with today before we end our call?
no you pretty much answered all my questions today thank you so much.
Not a problem Mrs Fields you have a great day.
You do the same thank you so much.
Bye bye.
Bye darling.
Thanks for calling Intellibank this is Jerry, how can I help you?
Yes, hello Jerry my name is Eleanor Richards I got a statement in the mail about my gold card I'm not sure what's it's about.
OK Happy to help you with that Miss Richards. you said that you received a notice from us in the mail about your gold card?
Yes.
OK. what I need to do is ask a few questions in order to verify your account and I then should be able to find out what the notice was that we sent you.
OK.
Miss Richards what is your phone number?
Four seven eight. Three six one. Eight zero three one.
OK. And Miss Richards, what is your date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four.
Alright. And what's your mothers maiden name Miss Richards?
Sanchez.
OK, Terrific. and it appears. Well let me see here. do you know what your gold credit card number is?
No, I don't know what that is. Can you hold on so I can go and get the card?
sure.
Alright I have it.
OK. Go ahead.
Four four seven nine six five three two Seven four four six Three nine two six.
OK. That's four four seven nine six five three two seven four four six Three nine two six.
Yes.
OK, terrific. I think we've got this pulled up and yes that notice was in reference to a an It appears that your card is over the limit. Miss Richards.
Oh my goodness.
Yes mam it appears that we just sent that out to you just to inform you That the card is over the limit. It appears that the transaction that caused the card to go over the limit was a seven five dollar purchase at Macy's.
Oh OK. I did just make a purchase at Macy's the other day. So how can I make a deposit to Cover this?
Yeah, no problem, absolutely what can happen here Miss Richards is you could simply go to an ATM. That's probably one of the fastest ways you could Make a deposit at an ATM. And from there you can make your payment from the funds. in your account once you make your deposit. Do you know where an ATM is near where you are?
No I don't.
OK. Not a problem. Let me just ask Miss Richards did you want to get a an ATM near your home or are you at work or what address did you want to find an ATM near?
Near home.
OK. And what is your home address?
It's one forty one Oakwood Avenue.
OK. That's one forty one Oakwood Avenue in the city?
Yes.
Yes.
And the city is?
Smyrna Georgia.
OK, Smyrna Georgia the state?
Yes.
Oh right. I have located a few options for you. And And we've got one that is about a quarter of a mile away that is at The address I'm pulling up here is two fourteen. Highway seventy two. And I also have an address that is About a quarter of a mile away as well that's at three seventy seven Johnsonville Road.
OK. I believe that'll be OK right there.
Alright terrific, terrific. That one is also in Smyrna as well.
OK.
And as I stated before you can just Simply go there and make a deposit and as long as the deposit is done by nine p.m. today Your transaction of funds will show up as credited as of today and then of course you can Go ahead and make your payment on the card to bring the card limit under the limit.
OK. I can do that.
Well are there any other questions that you may have, Miss Richards?
No. There are not any other questions.
Well terrific. again I I appreciate your understanding Miss Richards we certainly do appreciate you doing business with us I Intellibank and just keep in mind to, you always can go online As well if you wanna locate and find any ATMs that are near you you can go online. Pull up your account entering the address that you are near And it will populate ATM locations near that address.
OK. Thank you cause I never thought to do that.
No problem at all. Glad to be of assistance to you Miss Richards. Again if there is nothing else I can assist you with.
No there's nothing else.
Well then thanks again for calling Intellibank and you have a great day.
You too.
Bye. Bye.
Bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Sabrina. And how may I help you today?
Hey Sabrina. How are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well, ma'am. Thank you so much for asking. And how about yourself?
I am doing quite well. Thank you. I was calling to see if I could check my savings account balance with you, please?
Yes ma'am. Absolutely. I'd be more than happy to help you with that.
I do need to get some information from you though, so I can pull up your account, if that's all right?
May I have your first and last name, please?
Yes ma'am. It's Beverly Reynolds. B E V E R L Y.
R E Y N O L D S.
All right. Thank you, Ms. Reynolds. And may I have your birthday, please?
Sure! It's April the first nineteen eighty-one.
All right. Thank you, Ms. Reynolds. And may I please have your driver's license number?
sure!
Well, we moved not too long ago and when I went up to the driver's license place, to change my address up there, they went ahead and changed my license number. You know, over from my social security number to an actual driver's license number. So I'm not sure what you have on file. The original number, it was three four five four six five nine five one.
And my new number is J seven zero two seven one zero one three zero nine eight.
All right. Thank you Ms. Reynolds. we did have your old number on file, but let me repeat this new one back to you, to make sure I have this changed correctly for you .
That was J seven zero two seven one zero one three zero nine eight.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you so much, Ms. Reynolds. And let's just go ahead and double check your address, to make sure we do have your new one on file.
Let's see, I have nine fifty-seven Bailey Drive in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Was that correct?
no ma'am. The new address is six seventy-four Fleming Way. That's spelled F L E M I N G Way.
And that's also in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
All right, Ms. Reynolds. Let's see, I do have that changed onto your new address. And just to make sure I have this correct, that was six seven four Fleming. F L E M I N G Way in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Yes ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you so much for that, Ms. Reynolds. Now, you said you wanted to check the balance of your savings account?
Yes ma'am.
All right. May I please have that account number?
Sure.
It's nine six one, five two three, three zero five.
All right.
I have nine six one, five two three, three zero five?
Yes ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you. Just one moment while I pull up that balance for you.
OK. Great! Thank you.
All right, Ms. Reynolds. I'm showing your savings account balance is two thousand nine hundred eighty-five dollars and fifteen cents.
OK. So twenty-nine eighty-five fifteen?
Yes ma'am. That's correct. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes ma'am. Actually could I transfer the, or transfer five hundred dollars from my savings account into my checking account?
Absolutely. I'd be more than happy to help you with that, ma'am.
Now let's see, the withdrawal account number, is that gonna be the savings we just checked the balance for?
Yes ma'am.
All right. And that, just to double check again, that was nine six one five two three three zero five?
Yes ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Thank you, Ms. Reynolds. And what is the account number for the checking account you would like to deposit the five hundred dollars into?
Let's see, that is seven four zero, six six three, five seven two.
All right. I have that checking account number as seven four zero six six three five seven two.
Yes ma'am. That's correct.
All right. Great. Thank you. Just one moment while I initiate that internal transfer.
OK. Thank you.
Yes ma'am. You're quite welcome.
All right, Ms. Reynolds. I do have that five hundred dollars transferred from your savings into your checking. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No ma'am. That'll do it. Thank you so much for your help.
Not a problem, Ms. Reynolds. And thank you so very much for calling Intellibank. Again, my name is Sabrina. You have a wonderful day.
Thank you ma'am. You too.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Lesley. How can I help you today?
yes. I have a problem with my Intel bank account. I would like to talk to someone in person about that please.
Yes sir, certainly. You would like to check on your Intellibank account in person?
Yes.
All right sir. I can get you a few addresses to our local branches so that you can talk to one of our account representatives.
OK.
All right sir. Before I handle that I need to ask a few questions about yourself and your location.
All right.
OK sir. Can I have your first and last name please.
Yes. First name Dale, last name Walker.
All right Mister Walker. Could you give me your address for the location that you're currently at?
yes hold on for a minute, I just moved here.
OK sir, go right ahead.
OK. Just a minute. OK. My address is thirty-three four zero Pine Wood Drive North Chicago Illinois, area code six zero zero six four. And my phone number is area code eight four seven eight eight seven nine four four four. In case you need that information.
Yes sir. Thank you so much for providing that information. Give me just one moment while I handle your request.
OK.
All right sir. I found a I found about five locations close to thirty-three forty Pine Wood Drive. some of these locations are within one is in walking distance and four of those locations are within less of a mile. Would you like all of those locations sir?
yes please.
All right sir. This first location is within walking distance. It's at six fifty-seven Piper Drive.
OK.
The hours of operation for that location are are from eight a.m. to five p.m. Monday through Friday, and eight to two p.m. on Saturday.
All right.
All right sir. This next location is gonna be at sixty-five Carpenter Drive. The hours of operation for that location are eight a.m. to five p.m. as well, Monday through Friday and eight a.m. to two p.m. on Saturday.
All right. OK, I got that. two p.m. Saturday?
Yes sir.
All right.
And these these next locations the hours of operation are from eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Thursday. And from eight a.m. to five p.m. on Friday.
OK. OK.
All of these
Locations are closed on Saturday sir.
OK. Oh. Oh yeah, and by the way can I cancel a cheque online? Or or or or is there a fee for that?
yes sir. We do have if you have online banking with our facility you do you can go into your account and access cheque cashing. It actually cashes your cheque and deposit into which ever account you would like it in.
OK.
it usually takes about twenty-four hours for that to happen and there's usually no fee either, it depends on which type of cheque you're trying to cash.
it's good to hear that.
when you access that area of your account, you'll be able to check it, see if there's any fees associated with it as well.
OK.
All right, sir. Lemme give you these last three locations just for your reference.
OK.
All right sir. This next location is at seven thirty-three Honor Street.
OK. Honor Street.
Yes sir. That's within that's a half a mile away from you.
All right.
this other location I have on file here is about a mile away from you at two eighty-five Iroquois Street.
OK.
I R O
Q U O I S.
Oh, thank you for spelling that for me.
No problem, sir. And this final location is at three sixty-seven West Annadale Drive. A N N A D A L E Drive.
West Annadale Drive.
All right. Got that.
Yes sir. And like I said before these locations are open from eight a.m. to four p.m. Monday through Thursday and eight a.m. to five p.m. on Friday.
OK, so I sure appreciate that Lesley and everything. How you been doing so far today?
I've been doing pretty well sir, and yourself?
Oh all good I've been doing good. How's the weather there?
Oh it's lovely here, sunny and cool all through the day. I really love fall weather.
that sounds lovely.
Is it good there as well sir?
Yeah it been kinda raining.
Oh. Well you need rain for the plants so.
Oh yeah. yeah.
That's beneficial
Too.
Yes, you're right.
Well sir, is there anything else I can help you with?
that's it.
All right. Thank you so much for calling us today Mister Walker. I hope you have a great rest of the day.
Why thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yes, I called yesterday about a deposit and I need to see if that deposited and then make a transfer.
OK I can check into that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
All right, and do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
You can just call me Jill.
OK Jill so you're wanting to check on the status of a deposit. Is that correct?
Yeah, so I've talked to someone yesterday about it cuz I need to transfer the funds if they've deposited.
OK Jill let me look on this at this for you. What is your account number?
Say it's three four six zero two nine nine eight.
All right, thank you Jill. And can I also get your date of birth?
Yes, it's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right Jill, and the account has a security question? Could you please tell me the city that you were born in?
I was born in Totsen in England.
All right Jill, let me look here. OK I can see notes regarding your call yesterday. Let's see if we can find that deposit for yeah.
OK, what is the amount of the deposit that you're looking for?
It was nine thousand five hundred dollars.
OK and when was that deposit made.
So it was a direct deposit and I thought that it was going to go through yesterday but it didn't. It wasn't on my account when I called you guys.
All right Jill. Let me look here for you.
OK, let me see if I can find that. So I did locate that deposit, it looks like it posted to your account this morning.
OK, it's perfect. Can the funds there, can they be moved then?
Yeah, we can transfer those for you. Are you wanting to transfer those to another of your Intellibank accounts or to an account belonging to someone else.
So I just need to move it out my savings account then put it in my checking account. and there's no fee for that right?
No, there's no fee to transfer with Intellibank. So you're just wanting to move the money from your savings account out of your checking account.
Yeah so the transfer means those funds are going to be available immediately in my other account though correct? They're going to be there right away?
Yeah that is correct Jill, the funds will be there immediately one once you get those transferred. Jill said you were you said you were wanting to transfer to your checking account. Is that correct?
Yes please. That's what I want.
OK and what is your checking account Jill? What's you checking account number, I'm sorry.
it's seven four nine two nine two seven nine.
OK and it looks like this account has a four digit passcode for security purposes. Can you tell me that four digit passcode please?
So that's not my ATM pin right? That's the other number right like the one that the one I created when I made the account, right?
Yes that right that's right. The passcode should not be the same number as your ATM pin.
OK so I think it's two one zero nine. Let me know if that's right.
OK two one zero nine you said Jill, yes that is the correct answer.
OK. I don't know about you but my memory's definitely not what it use to be and I'm suprised, I mean I could remember all these different codes or whatever I I forget my passwords for everything.
I can understand that Jill. I I'm finding my memory isn't as sharp as it use to be either.
Yes, I would like literally walk into a room to get something and then like thirty second later I walk into that room for that thing I was suppose to get before and I can't even remember my purpose for going there. It's like it completely slips my mind.
Yeah I've done that same thing. Sometimes I think our our brains just get over worked and a and a good rest could maybe help us reset that.
Well I may need to try that I've I've needed I've been working thirteen hours days at the hospital the pandemic and my brain is definitely over stimulated this pandemic has kind of just completely drained me.
well Jill we do appreciate your service during this difficult time and it sounds it sounds like you are due for some rest definitely and some care time so I hope that you're able to get that soon.
Thank you, I really appreciate it. I mean I know it's been a really difficult time for everyone.
it definitely has Jill I don't I know you're very very busy so let me get this transfer completed for you. that way maybe you can get a little bit of rest today. Jill can you tell me really quickly how much you would like to transfer today?
I need you to transfer all of it. All nine thousand five hundred dollars to my checking please.
OK so we are transferring nine thousand five hundred from your savings account to your checking account ending in nine two seven nine. Let me let me get that processed for you.
I'm gonna get that sent over to your other account. Give me just a moment to complete this. OK.
All right Jill, so I have got that processed for you. Those funds are available to you in your checking account. Now . Yup, they're over there now.
OK, thank you.
All right Jill, was there anything else that I could do for you today?
No I think that's it. and you're gonna send me a receipt too?
Yeah so I can actually have a receipt emailed to you. Let me get that sent over to you too. get the receipt emailed over to you. Everything has been transferred and you should be good to go. Was there anything else that I could do for you today?
No that's been it's been great, I appreciate it. Thank you for everything.
No problem at all Jill. Thank you for choosing Intellibank and thank you for your service. Enjoy your day, OK.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. How can I help you?
I'm calling today trying to open up account.
sure I don't sure sir I don't mind helping helping you with that. what type of account would you like to open? Would you like to open a savings or a checkings account today?
I'm trying to open up a checkings.
OK no problem. And may I have your first and last name please?
David Hill.
OK thank you. And you said that's David Hill and that's D A V E H I L L?
Yes ma'am.
Oh thank you, thank you so much. And also may I have your date of birth please?
Eight twelve nineteen sixty-eight.
OK thank you so much and that's eight twelve nineteen sixty-eight. Is that correct?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. Thank you for verifying that piece of information. And may I have your social security number please?
Five oh two thirty-six twenty-six twelve.
And that's five oh two three six two six one two?
Yes.
All right, thank you. Just one moment please.
All right, thank you so much. And may I have your street street address, please?
Sixteen thirty-five Circle Street.
OK. Thank you so much. And you said that's one six three five Circle Street?
Yes ma'am.
All right. Just one moment. Thank you. All right and may I have your city and state please?
Bismarck.
OK, all right. And that's Bis you mean Bismarck sir?
Yes, ma'am.
All right, thank you. Just one moment please. And what state is that?
North Dako North Dakota.
All right, thank you. Just one moment. And how's the weather out there in North Dakota today?
Kinda windy.
Oh, OK. It's windy here as well. Yeah so with the fall weather starting to change, it's so nice and lovely out here, where I'm at, as well. I hope you're enjoying the fall weather as well. Are you enjoying the fall weather, sir?
A little bit, ma'am.
All right. And may I have your ZIP code, please?
Five eight five oh six.
All right. And that's five eight five zero six?
Yes.
All right. Thank you. All right. And may I have your phone number please?
Seven oh one two one eight thirty-four ninety.
All right. Thank you. And would you like to provide a cell phone number?
Seven oh one two oh two eighty-five. Twenty-seven.
All right, thank you. And you said that's seven oh one two oh two eighty-five twenty-seven?
Yes.
All right. Thank you, thank you for your patience, sir. And may I have your email address please?
David.
Yes?
Nine two G at Gmail dot com.
All right. And that's David D A V I D nine three two at Gmail dot com?
Yes.
All right. Thank you. Just one moment please.
All right and may I have your driver's license please?
Two six five seven five two two nine one.
All right, and that's two six five seven five two two nine one, sir?
Yes.
All right. Thank you. Just one moment please.
All right, thank you. And what is that expiration date, please?
Oh nine thirteen two thousand twenty-two.
All right, thank you. And that is oh nine thirteen two thousand twenty-two?
Yes.
All right, thank you. Just one moment please.
And we do require a twenty-five dollar opening deposit. how would you like to pay for that today?
Credit card.
All right. Thank you. And may I have that credit card number please?
Four four eight five zero seven five two zero three eight two four four nine three.
All right and that's four four eight five zero seven five two zero three eight two four four nine three, is that correct?
Yes.
All right, thank you. And may I have just one moment please.
All right, thank you for your patience. And may I have that CVV on the back of your card please?
Four five six.
All right, thank you. And that's four five six, sir?
Yes.
All right, thank you. And just one moment, please.
All right, and thank you for your patience, once again. And may I have that expiration date, please?
Oh four two thousand twenty-two.
All right, thank you. And that's four zero four twenty-two? thousand twenty-two?
Ye~.
Yes.
All right, thank you, excuse me, and thank you for your patience, once again.
All right, and just one moment please, while I finish creating your account.
Oh, I do apologize. I forgot to let ask you three security questions for opening your new account. And what is your mother's maiden name, please?
What? Can you say that again, ma'am?
Yes sir. And what is your mother's maiden name please?
Mary.
Oh, OK. Thank you. And thank you sir, I do apologize for that. I meant to had ask you earlier. And I do have that as as Mary, thank you. And just one moment. And I do apologize. what is the name of your first pet your first pet please?
Lucky.
OK thank you. And that's L U C K Y?
Yes.
All right, thank you. And just one moment. And what what street did you grow up on?
Park Street.
OK, thank you. And that's P A R K Street? Just one moment please. Thank you for your patience. All right. Thank you. And we just finished I'm finishing up setting up your account. Just one moment please. All right and just to let you know, we do offer other services such as auto loans, just in case you might be interested. And we do offer the platinum credit card as well as the gold and silver and rewards card as well. you're more than welcomed to go to WWW dot Intellibank dot com if you are interested just to overview our product. just to let you know. And cuz we do provide these other services and then we also offer excuse me, free checks with your checking account as well as and you also can use bill pay online if you like. And if you need any help setting up your online blank banking, cuz you will receive a link from us, and just check your email and you should receive a link for setting up your online banking. Is anything else I can help you with?
Is there any, or is any other way I can check my new account?
yes sir. I'll be more than happy to help you with that. you may depend on what type of phone you have. you are more than welcomed to go to the Google Play Store and download the app. We do have we do have an app available for our customers for easier banking on the go. So you're more than welcomed to download the app. Just go to to the app store, type in Intellibank, and we should pop up on the list. is there anything else I can help you with sir?
What about my driving license number?
how can I help you with your driver's license number, sir?
I'm just making sure everything is correct, ma'am.
All right, sure, no problem. Just one moment sir. And I did put your driver's license, the numbers that I do believe that you provided was two six five seven five two two nine one, does that sound correct?
Yes.
All right. Is there anything else I can help you with sir?
No.
All right. Then I appreciate you calling Intellibank. And once again, my name is Angela. And you have a nice day.
You too.
All right. Thank you so much.
Good afternoon. Thank you for reaching out to us at Intellibank. this is Sherri speaking. How can I help you?
Hey Sherri.
I need you to do me a really big favor, please.
Mhm of course. How may I assist?
Well, my wife got a flat tire and her car got towed to the shop and now I need to move money into her account so she can get it fixed.
Oh sir, I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she is OK?
Well physically she's OK. But mentally might not be. She's got all the kids with her. She's probably going nuts.
Oh no. Well as a mother I know how that can feel for sure. let's go ahead and get this done as fast as we can for her.
Thank you. We'll really appreciate that.
OK sir. I need your first and last name, your date of birth, to pull up your account.
It's gonna be Jacob Lamp. Three thirteen two thousand and one.
OK, Mr. Lamp. Thank you. And for security reasons, may I have your social security number?
Yeah. It is going to be two nine six four two eight eight two zero.
Great. Thank you .
I have your account pulled up. now I'm going to need the account info that you would like to move the money into for your wife.
My wife's name is Christie Lamp.
Her address is going to be the same as mine. The account ends in eight five two nine.
But I am not sure of the whole number.
That's OK, sir. let me go ahead and pull that up for you. Give me just one moment.
And her name was, Christie Lamp?
Yes ma'am.
OK. Great. I got it right here. how much would you like to move over into her account?
How much does she have? Can you tell?
I'm sorry, sir. I can't actually tell you what her balance is. but I can give you yours?
Guess you're right.
We'll put two hundred dollars in her account. Maybe she can take the kids for some ice cream after she's done.
I'm sure the kids would love that. Especially on a summer day like this.
Yeah, it's a hot one out today.
Hey by the way, what's my balance after that?
hold on. Let me switch back and check your account.
OK. I have your account pulled up. your account balance after moving the two hundred dollars into your wife's account is five hundred and twenty dollars and seventy six cents.
Perfect.
I'm gonna be going out golfing later while the wife's with the kids.
I guess it's a perfect summer day for that too, Mr. Lamp. Well I hope you enjoy yourself.
is there anything else I can do for you while we're on the phone?
Nope. That's gonna be it I think for today.
My wife will be happy now.
I'm off to go hit tea time. Thank you again.
You're so welcome.
Have a great day. And thanks for banking with Intellibank. And I hope your wife gets back out on the road. Have a great day.
We really appreciate it. Thank you. Have a great day.
Mhm.
You're welcome. Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley. How may I help you today?
Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm calling because I need help finding an ATM near me.
OK. I can definitely assist you with that. I'll be happy to take a look into it for you. give me just one moment here and I'll bring up my system.
OK, thank you. Such a nice day outside today and the temperature's so perfect. I can't wait to get out of this office.
Oh, my gosh.
Do you get
To get out soon?
yup. I got about another hour and then I'm out, and I heard that there is a cold front coming in this weekend on Sunday. So, we're gonna have lows in the eighties and our. I'm sorry. Highs in the eighties and low's in the sixties. So that'll be a nice reprieve from the humidity for sure.
I cannot wait. I am so ready for the bluer weather already.
Are you a bonfire girl?
Absolutely.
Oh! I can't wait. I hate the smell afterwards, but love smelling it while it's happening.
Right.
All right. So, let's find the nearest ATM to you. if you would just go ahead and give me your street address please.
It is one four three three Orange Avenue.
Thank you and what is the city and state?
Orlando, Florida. and.
And.
Oh, go ahead.
I'm sorry. I was just looking for the ZIP code. I just moved here and I wanted to make sure I gave you the right one.
Oh, I was just about to ask you for the ZIP code. Yes.
It is.
It is three two seven eight eight.
Perfect. Perfect. All right. Thank you, thank you. just be a moment. My system is bringing up all of the ATMs that are nearest to your location.
There we go.
Oh! I'm sorry. I gave you the wrong ZIP code.
Oh, OK. Let me go back go to this part. All right and go ahead with that ZIP code.
OK. It's actually three two seven eight three.
OK. There we go. Yeah. Sometimes eight looks like three. So I definitely.
Especially when you're in a hurry.
Exactly. All right. So, let me put this new ZIP code in and it'll repopulate. Mkay.
And.
Go ahead.
I'm gonna.
I'm sorry. I got distracted by something on my computer. I meant to ask you, do you guys charge a fee to withdraw funds from the ATM?
No. As long as it's one of our ATMs that has our Intellibank logo on it, we do not charge any fees to withdraw from. Now, other ATMs, we do charge a two dollar and fifty cent transaction fee and then, you know, whatever bank bank ATM you're using, they may charge an additional fee as well.
Got it. So I should stick to our ATMs.
Yes and you're very conveniently located. just one moment. It's still bringing up here.
while you're looking at that, are these ATMs drive ups or do I have to get out of my car?
most locations do have the drive up ATMs available. You know, where you go and then you see the tellers. if there isn't a drive up option available it'll be noted in our system and also when you look online, if you happen to look online, it'll also tell you which one has drive up. It'll have a little car icon or if it has the ATM and then there's like a person walking, that means you have to walk up to it. so I see that we have two ATMs within a five mile radius of your address. if you'd like I can email these locations to you or you can look it up online yourself. It's up to you.
OK, great. I'll definitely use the the website the next time.
OK.
by the way, is there a daily withdrawal limit?
Yes. we do have a five thousand dollar withdrawal limit per day. Now if there is an exception where you need a larger amount, let's say to purchase a car or put a down payment in cash or what have you, you can call up to one of us during our business hours and we can change the limit as a one time courtesy. Only once per day.
Oh, wow. That's really great. Thank you so much for everything.
You're very welcome and is there anything else that I can assist you with today, Ms. Parker?
No thank you. You've been great.
All righty. Well, thank you very much for calling into Intellibank and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intel bank. How may I help you today?
Hi. Yes, I'm calling to see if you guys can assist me with trying to find the nearest branch near me?
We can possible do that. Can you please give me your street address, please?
Sure thing. Two four five four Lane Drive.
May I have the city that you live in, please?
Nashville.
And what state is that in, please?
Tennessee.
K. Just give my one moment, please.
OK. Looking on my computer I see that you have about four locations near you. Would you like to have the nearest location from your home?
Please and thank you.
Is there a particular service that you need at the bank?
A drive-though ATM.
I'll check to make sure those services are available for you.
Thank you. Oh I forgot something too. Do you guys do can I deposit my checks there too?
Through the ATM.
I'll just go ahead and confirm that and see if we can do that.
At that location, yes, they do accept ATM deposits through checks. And the closest one to your house is on Bear View Lane.
Do you know that location?
Perfect. Yes, I do.
OK.
And also I'd like to let you know that they also do provide different services as far as savings and mutual funds. Do you have any children?
I do.
OK. I think it'd be great if you would like to open some savings accounts for them because we have different services that can help them as far as starting at the age of as soon as you have their social security number we can definitely help you and get that setup for them.
I didn't even know that. Thank you.
Is there anything else I could help you with?
one more thing. I'm new to the area. Can you guys tell me the business hours, what time you guys open, what time you guys close?
Sure. I'm glad you mentioned that. Our local hours at the branch nearest your location is from nine to five.
The lobby closes at five o'clock. You may utilize the ATM twenty-four hours. But to let you know our ATM services, you would have to have your debit card available with you in order to enter the building.
Perfect.
And I know that you stated you wanted ATM. We do offer ATM drive-through services as well as walking through our branch as well.
Perfect.
And we are open on Sundays.
Our hours are shorter on Sundays. We're open from twelve to one. I'm sorry from twelve to five p.m..
OK. That sounds. I remember you said something about opening a savings account.
Can you guys do that over the phone or would I need to come in person for that?
Unfortunately, we do we can start the process over the phone.
But we will need to identify you so we'll need your social security card number as well as your driver's driver's license so we can make sure that we're opening the account under the rights person's information.
And in order to open a savings account, you will need to deposit at least five hundred dollars within the thirty days, or that account will be closed.
OK.
Wow! OK. Thank you for telling me that.
And I know we mentioned speaking about you having children. You do have children. We allow for you to open their savings account or any account checking account as well.
But there's no minimum balance or needed for that account until the child reaches the age of eighteen.
Then they will services will be applied to the account.
OK.
Now can I just come in or do you think it's best if I schedule an appointment to be seen by you guys?
that's a great question. Depending on the services you need. Like if needed to just maybe just make a a deposit and such you can probably just come into the branch and just wait you know no more than five minutes to speak to a representative.
If you have something that's more detailed as far as opening an account or you want to open a business account or apply for any type of load such as a credit card or auto load or a home mortgage I would suggest that you definitely make an appointment. That way you can have a one on one divided attention and not have to wait.
So you can also book that online or you can do that with me over the phone and I'll make sure that you speak to a representative that can assist you with any of those needs.
OK. Now with the bank Intel do you guys have an phone app with that?
We actually do have a mobile app that you can download. They will as soon as you open the account with us we offer a free. You can go through your depending on what kind of phone you have, your Android or iPhone you can definitely download that app. And it's obviously free of charge and that helps you monitor your balance account.
If you wanna do any transactions as far as putting a deposit in, we offer that check picture. So you can take a picture of your check and submit a check that way and have that deposited into your account. If you need to send cash or you need anything like that, you can do that as well.
we have multiple options as far as adding money to your account or if you need to send money to a family or friend, we do that as well. As long as that person is banking with us there is no fee with that as well. So if your family member has the same bank or banking with us as well, you can send them money. They can send you money. And there will be no charges as far as sending money to and from your family or friends depending on who you're sending the money too.
You read my mind. That was my next question. So thank you for that.
Not a problem. Well, if you need anymore. Do you have any other questions or need any other advice as far as coming to the bank or is there any more products you would like to know more about?
No. Actually there was one last thing. My last bank, I know if I had direct deposit sometimes my check would be in my account a day later for holidays. Does that work for you guys too or is everything how does that work when I get paid on holidays?
Well on holidays, well it all really depends on the the establishment that you work for. But most banks, they normally allow for you to the I. I guess it really depends on the company.
Mm.
OK.
Most banks will most companies will you know have you get paid before the holidays. As far as making sure the money's in your account before the holiday, we cannot give you a yes or no answer. But I would just suggest that you continue to call your HR department and you know verify that information. But I can't let you know that we will do our best to make sure your information is correct and you do get paid on time. If there is any issues with your check I would suggest you speak with the HR department and they can assist you better with that matter. And they can let you know exactly when your payroll and your pay dates are to get paid.
If you suggest. If you do open an account with us and the account gets closed we can definitely help you with that issue but as far as making sure you get paid before the holidays I would suggest that you speak to your banking roll your pay roll manager and they should better assist you with that.
OK. Perfect.
Do you have any other questions I can assist you with today?
No, you have been amazing. Thank you for your time and patience.
Thank you so much. I would like to know if you could possible complete a survey with us as soon as you're done with this phone call just to let me know how you felt about doing our calling into our bank today. Just to let us know how you felt about that today.
Be my pleasure.
All right. You have a great day.
You have a blessed day, yourself. Thank you so much.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye.
.
Hi. Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Susan. How may I help you?
Hi Susan. How are you?
Good and how are you?
I I'm doing great. Hey, I wonder if you can help me. I need to update my phone number cuz I missed a call the other day. I have a new phone number.
OK. I can help you with that. And who am I speaking with?
My name is Todd Nickerson.
OK Todd. let me just verify some information for you. What is your date of birth?
I was born eight twenty-one nineteen sixty-nine.
OK and what is your bank account?
Oh, hold on a sec. It's All right, ready?
Yep, ye~. This is an Intellibank account I'm assuming?
Yeah. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Four one nine six one three five zero two.
OK.
Great. OK and what is the information that you wanna update today? Your phone number?
My phone number. Yeah.
OK. Current phone number that I have ends with four one one two and that phone number you wanted to change. Is that correct?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wanted. that's right.
OK, what is the new number you want.
OK.
Same area code. Nine one nine two three six zero four one eight.
Great and OK while I have you on the phone, we need to set up a security question so we can verify your identity next time that you have any any call to make.
Oh, OK.
OK. The number isn't good enough. All right, that's fine.
Now, I. A couple of questions you can choose from. Your mother's maiden name, your pet's your first pet's name, your first street you were living on.
No.
My mother's maiden name name is good.
OK and we'll put that down. What is her maiden name?
Mary Eldredge.
OK and E L D R?
E. R E D G E.
E R D G E. OK. Great. All right. Now is there anything else today?
Yeah.
You know what? I I needed to transfer some money some I don't some money from one of my accounts to another one of my accounts in all in Intelligent Bank.
OK. So you want to do a wire transfer.
Intelligent Bank.
Oh, it's you mean Intellibank?
Oh see. Yeah I'm I'm sorry about that. Yeah.
Intellibank.
OK. What . I need some information here. What is your account number that you want the money to go to. The receiving bank.
Oh, OK. It's it's nine one zero eight four two five zero three.
OK. That's nine one zero eight four two five zero three.
Yeah.
And that's the Intellibank account that you want to receive the money.
Yep. Yep, yep.
OK and what is the account number that the money is coming out of.
OK. That's also my account and it's four one nine six one three five zero two.
OK. That . Let me repeat that back. Four one nine six one three five zero two.
Yes. That's correct.
And.
If you hold on just a second, I'll give you a balance on that account.
Oh OK, thanks.
OK, I see here that that account has fourteen thousand three hundred and twenty-two dollars.
Perfect. Perfect. And I wanna move two thousand of it over to that other account.
OK and so two thousand from this account to the two five zero three account.
That's that's right.
OK. hold on. That will. There will be a ten dollar wire transfer fee but since actually since it's your both of them are Intellibanks there'll be no that fee is waived
Oh.
Great.
appreciate that.
OK, hold on just a second while I set this up.
All righty. So are are you in Raleigh?
no I'm not. I I'm we service the Raleigh area.
Oh, OK. It's busy today?
It's an average day today. Busy, but not too busy. And how is the weather where you are?
Well I'm in Raleigh. It's great! It's great. It's in the eighties and it's exactly why I moved here.
Great. OK. I see that this transfer is processing now. And you should be get~. The transfer should take place within two hours and I'll need your email address. I have an email address here and I wanna confirm that it's correct. I have Todd Nickerson at Gmail dot com. Is that the correct?
Oh, great.
OK.
Yup, that's my email.
OK. You will get a notification on your email when the transfer has processed and it should take about two hours. If you have any problem, you can always call back and speak to whoever service whoever answers the phone. Did did I answer all your questions?
Yeah, I think we're all set. I really appreciate you helping me.
OK and there's nothing else I can help you with right now?
No, that's it.
OK, great Todd. Well, thank you for calling Intellibank and I'll speak to you another time. Thanks.
OK. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Jake. Can I get your first and last name please?
yes, first name Ben, last name Reilly.
OK Ben Reilly. Can I get your date of birth?
yes. November twenty-third nineteen seventy-nine.
Mm OK, and for security purpose, can I get your state ID or driver's license number?
yes it's R P four zero seven five seven three.
Mm OK, also for security purpose, can I get your email address?
yes it's B Reilly R E I L L Y seven nine at Yahoo dot com.
OK, all right Mr. Reilly, then how can I help you today?
yeah, I want to report a stolen card.
A stolen card?
Yeah. I left my wallet on the bus, and when I got back, the wallet was there, but all my cards were missing.
Oh, OK, what time what time was this?
It was at UH seven thirty a.m. this morning, today.
Seven-thirty?
Yes.
Mm OK. All right. And your card. Is it connected to your savings or your checking or both them?
It's connected to my primary checking account.
Primary checking account?
Yes.
OK, can I get the last four digits of your of your card number?
yeah it is six five four three.
Six five four three. All righty we are going to cut this card off. All right this card is now locked And just to make sure there's a there is a purchase around six fifty.
Was was that you?
That was not me.
Oh, OK. the purchase is for twelve fifty. It look like it was done at a BP.
Oh, yeah someone got gas on my card. That's that's awesome. No, that wasn't me.
All right, let's let's let's see how far it went. the next purchase up is at Chipotle.
Mhm.
was that you?
No.
No, OK. This was for thirty-eight dollars. And forty-two cents.
Oh wow. Guess I know I'm feeding the hungry.
OK, we're gonna we're gonna get to the bottom of this. Do you remember the last time you purchased anything?
Not other than the bus pass, which I used cash for. The card, my last purchase on the card was yesterday. The last night.
Last night?
Mhm.
OK Yeah, we got What time last night?
it was around I wanna say five forty-five I went to the grocery store.
Five forty-five, last purchase?
Yep.
Mm OK there's the balance. Three more purchases under that.
OK.
All right, I'm glad I'm glad you got to it as soon as you did.
Yeah.
we at Intellibank, we we will reimburse, and we will make sure this is under investigation from the last purchase. A lot of these places have cameras and some type of a surveillance, so when they see the card was when used at that particular time, they will be able to catch whoever did this.
Awesome, that sounds great.
OK.
like, I said you will be reimbursed. and this is part of your checkings?
Yes.
OK, yeah we right now you're standing at a six thousand four hundred and seventy-six dollars and forty-two cents.
Yeah, that's .
I know. OK, yeah. yeah, I think from what I'm seeing, is about a two hundred dollar purchase.
Mhm.
Range from from last time it was in your wallet. This, yeah, this shit, we should be able to get this underway wrapped up pretty quick.
Oh, great, I I really appreciate the help.
Hey, no problem Mr. Reilly. is there anything else we can do?
would I be able to transfer money from my savings to my checking to prevent like an overdraft fee in case anything happens between then and now?
Yes.
OK.
Absolutely, and you have the you have the the app for Intellibank, right?
I do, yes.
OK. OK, good. Right now we will be issuing a new card. It should come within the next five business days, but you should get an email of the new information about your card, so if you need to make any purchase within that time the next two days it should be in your email about the new card, OK?
Awesome, sounds good.
All right, I'm sorry this happened to you man.
Hey, you know, happens to the best of us.
Yeah, you're right. You're right. Well, I'm glad you you keeping your head up with it.
Yeah.
Well, is there anything else I can do for you today Mr. Reilly?
no, that'll be it.
All right. Well you thank you for calling Intellibank, and you have a good day.
You too, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, where we value our customers. This is Brenda, how may I help you?
Yes, I'll have to close an account, please.
OK, I can do that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Donna Moore.
All right. Thank you. Do you prefer that I call you Donna or Ms. Moore?
it doesn't matter, Donnas fine.
OK. Donna what is the number of the account you would like to close?
It's nine eight zero two three seven five three And I have money in the account. So if I could just move that or like get a check or something for it, that's all I need to do.
Donna, yes. Let me just verify some information first, then we can discuss some options with you, OK?
OK.
OK. Can I get your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
All right. And this account has a security question on it. So can you please verify what city you were born in?
Yes, I was born in Gladstone.
OK. That's the correct answer. So, Donna I have your account open and the account has an available balance of eight hundred and sixty dollars. so if you are wanting to close this account, we have a couple of different options for you. first of all if you have another Intellibank account that you would like to transfer over this balance to, I can do that for you. Or if you'd like to open a new checking or a savings account to deposit that, that in to, we can set that up for you. or there is the option always of having a check mailed to you from our Intellibank branch. It usually takes a little bit longer. but it's just, it's purely up to you how you want us to do that.
I don't want to open anything else. But I do have another checking account. So if I could just move it to that checking account, that'd be fine.
OK.
Do you have that account number that you'd like me to transfer that to?
Yeah, so I want it to go in my checking account. But if you can give me just a moment I'm going to go grab that out of my purse, OK. Give me just a moment, OK?
OK. OK, it's account number three four nine zero eight seven six.
OK Donna, that's three four nine zero eight seven six, correct?
Yes, that's correct.
OK. I'm going to get that transferred for you and then we'll get that account closed. Give me just one second.
Yes, all right. I'm sorry can you hear my dog barking?
no, I don't hear a dog barking. What kind of dog do you have?
He's a thirteen year old Maltese. He's like a little, little guy. And he's kind of a crier.
well he sounds absolutely adorable.
He's definitely like a, he's definitely a really sweet dog. But he just cries and barks all the time. I kind of have underestimated how much work a puppy is.
Whenever her caught it
Well you hang in there Donna. on day he'll be a big dog and he won't be quite so cry, but for now you just hang in there and enjoy him. I do have that money transferred over to your other account. Give me just one second. So now you want me to close this account, correct?
Yeah, so if you can close that and then if you can just send one of those verification forms that it's been closed. That'd what I need, OK.
yes. I will send you a confirmation for the closing of your account to your email after I get that closed for ya.
Right. Actually are you able to like transfer the balance on to one of those like travel things for me?
Do you, do you mean like a travelers check?
Yeah, do they have those things? Is that what I'm thinking of? The, like the travelers checks?
no Donna. We, we no longer carry the travelers checks. But we do carry these things called travelers cards. for customers. It's, it's a little bit different than a travelers checks. But if you'd like I can explain those, tell you about those.
Yep, yes please. Tell me, go ahead, tell me about them.
OK. So our travelers cards are preloaded cards that work much like a, that work much like a travelers check. But with a card if you were able, if you were to get that like lost or stolen you can contact Intellibank and we can put a stop on that card so you don't lose those funds that we placed on that card. So it's in, in the olden days when we had the travelers checks, if you lost those travelers checks you were basically out of the money that you put on those travelers checks. In this case in this case the the card is basically there, so whenever you whenever you recognize that that card is missing, or whenever you recognize that that card has been stolen we can get that stopped for you so that those funds remain in your account.
are you going to be travelling sometime soon?
I think I might have said it wrong. So what I mean is like you know those Visa cards that I've gotten for like the holiday's and stuff. Their Visa cards and you can put money on them and like you can use them everywhere. I'll there might be a fee or something to put the money on them.
So, I think what you might be asking about are pre-paid cards. But, unfortunately that is not something we do here at Intellibank. those the the theres those are things that you can actually purchase from certain store locations. I believe like Walmart has them. And you just preload them at the register of whatever store you purchased them for. so Donna it looks like I did get those funds transferred to your personal banking account. but if you'd like I can move those somewhere else if your, if your wanting to weigh some more options for the possibilities of where to put those funds.
No. I mean if I can't do that, just go ahead and leave them where their at, that's fine.
OK, and do you want to proceed with closing the account?
Yes, go ahead.
OK, Donna it looks like there is a four digit passcode on the account for security purposes. Can you tell me what that passcode is?
Yeah, sorry. It's nine zero zero one.
OK, Thank you. Give me just a moment to get that closed.
OK, Donna. The money has been transferred to your checking.
And it looks like this account has been closed. So there is a disclosure notification that you should receive via email to your account shortly, notifying you of that account closing, OK. Was there anything else I could do for you today?
I don't think so. You've been very helpful. Thank you.
it was my pleasure, Donna. Thank you for choosing Intellibank and you have a great day, OK.
Hello this is Maria speaking, what can I assist you with today?
I would like to open a checking account. But I cannot go in person because I am sick with a cold.
I see OK. What is your first and last name and what's your date of birth?
Actually I can do that another day. I want this to be over quicker since it hurts to talk. Can you help me with making a wire transfer? That's more important to me right now.
Sure, what is your first and last name?
My first name is Anna and my last name is Ruiz.
OK thank you. What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is August fourteenth, nineteen seventy.
What are the last four digits of your social security number?
The last four digits of my social security number are nine seven eight eight.
I will ask you one of your security questions in order to verify your identity. What is your favorite song?
My favorite song is ode the to the bouncers by the Studio Killers.
That's the correct answer. What is the bank account number of the account you would like to withdraw money from?
I would like to withdraw money from my second account. The number for that is five six zero seven eight four.
OK what is the dollar amount of the relevant transaction?
Is ninety a hundred and ninety-five dollars.
Is the recipient of the money in the same country or are they in a different country?
They are in the same country as us the United States.
OK, thank you for the information. What is the deposit routing number for the account that will receive the funds?
The number is one eight five seven four nine three two seven.
What is the bank account number you wish to use for the deposit?
It's three eight six five nine four three seven two.
OK. The wire transfer should take about two to three business days. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes. I need help with the with finding the nearest branch to my location.
OK. I can help with that. What is the street address you're located in? Do you need a couple moments to find it?
Yes but I have it right now. It is five nine six maple lane.
Perfect. Thank you. What is the name of the city you're located in?
That would be New Year City.
Do you mean New York City?
Yes, New York City.
Good good. What is the name of the US state you are located in?
New York City.
I believe you mean New York for the state but don't worry I understood. Thank you so much for your patience. The nearest branch to your location is within three mile of you. The opening hours are eight thirty p.m. to four o'clock p.m..
That's not too far from me. Wonderful.
I'm happy I could help. Is there anything else you would like assistance with today?
No I'm fine. Have a nice day Maria.
Thank you Anna, you too. Oh wait before you hang-up I still want to offer you a special promotion that our company is currently having for today. So for the low price of about twenty dollars you could sign up for a travelers card and you can get this within like five business days. Would you like to take advantage of this offer right now or do you want to sign up for the travelers card another time?
I I would like to sign in another time. Thank you for the offer.
Oh OK. I can also talk to you about the other services that our bank offers too. We do offer auto loans and we can like help you open another checking account or even another savings account. If you would like that?
Not right now. Thanks.
Oh OK. That's fine then. May you have a nice day OK.
You too.
Thanks for calling Intellibank. This is Jerry. How can I help you?
Yes. My name is Everlyn Richards and I meant to stop by the branch today to make a deposit but it was close and I really need to get that done today.
No problem at all, Ms. Richards. Glad to assist you with that. we'll be able to tell you that, you know you may be able to. Of course, are you aware that you could really just stop by one of our ATMs and make your deposit there at an ATM today.
Well, I didn't think about that because I really don't use them that much.
OK not a problem at all. Yes, ma'am. You can simply go to one of our ATMs and make your deposit there in order to have funds available to cover whatever bill that you were looking to do but let me just ask. Are you aware of where our ATMs are? I know you said you don't normally use ATMs.
No.
OK. Not a problem at all. I'll be glad to help you find one near you. how's your day going?
Well, my day is going pretty good. It's just a little bit rainy here.
Aww well of course I understand it, you know, when it's rainy sometimes. you know, I love the sunshine but you gotta have the rain, I guess. Right?
Oh, yes.
it's. Hopefully, it's not thunder and lightning.
No, it's just rainy.
OK. Well, that's good. That's good. Well you again. Hopefully you'll stay dry and and our ATM locations hopefully where I can find you one that's maybe inside or have covering.
That would be good.
let me just pull up your information here so we can find out what ATM might be near you. if you would, what is your phone number and date of birth?
Eleven eleven eighty-four six seven eight three six one four two five three.
OK, Ms. Richards, and what is your mother's maiden name?
Sanchez.
OK.
And Ms. Richards, what is your account number?
Can you hold on just a moment? I don't have it.
A~
Absolutely.
OK. I have it now.
OK.
Nine eight four six five nine.
OK, Ms. Richards, you said nine eight four six five nine.
Yes.
All right. And Ms. Richards, let me just pull up some information here.
to find a ATM near where you are, I need the address that you're at.
OK.
Three six eight eight Layman Court.
OK that's three six eight eight Layman Court?
Yes.
OK and what city is that in?
Smyrna.
And what state?
Georgia.
OK. Let me see if I can pull this up for you.
Ms. Richardson, what I'll do is the system is finding is is find an ATM that is near your location and then you'll be able to go make your cash deposit for whatever you are attempting to deposit at the branch.
Those ATMs are available even after hours.
Even once the branch is close, the deposit is still. The cash deposit is still placed into the ATM and our overnight department will add it to your account so it shows up as funding as the same day as long as you make that deposit before nine p.m..
OK.
Any questions about that?
No. No questions.
OK and it appears Ms. Richards, I was able to locate a couple of different locations. the first near that address you gave me is at ten eleven Adeville Drive.
Yes. OK, yes. That's. I can use that one.
Oh, OK. Terrific. So ten eleven Adeville Drive and that's in Marietta, Georgia.
That's fine.
Terrific. and also just so that you may be aware you also have the ability to go online and with the online banking, you can check for ATM locations right there online. Are you familiar with our online banking?
Yes.
OK. Terrific. Well, yes. In the future, you can simply go online with online banking. Entering the address and it will offer up different ATM locations for you near that address.
OK.
Well, Ms. Richards. let me just ask. is there anything else?
Yes. my son mentioned something about a Plutonium or some type card.
OK. Well, yes. here at Intellibank, we do offer the Platinum card and our Platinum card is available to our customers that of course has a highest available credit limit, as well as, it offers other benefits and features such as cash back rewards.
It also offers a ability for offering rewards points for travel, for purchasing gift cards as well as some other nice benefits and features such as warranty guarantees et cetera when you purchase that card. if you have any questions about applying for that, you actually can either apply with our credit card department or online via our online banking.
OK. Well, thank you so much for that. I couldn't even pronounced it.
No problem at all, Ms. Richards. We are, of course, appreciative of your business and again, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, sir.
Well, thank you again, Ms. Richards, and you have a terrific day.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, my name is Beth, how may I help you?
Hi my name's Jackson. my mom's always running out of money.
OK Jackson. Were you thinking of sending your mom some money?
Yeah.
And do you have an account with Intellibank?
Yeah I have a checking account.
does your mother have a savings or checking account with a financial institution?
Yeah she has a checking account.
OK. Well Jackson, Intellibank offers domestic and international wire transfer services
Would you like to transfer money from your Intellibank checking account into your mother's checking account?
Yeah I would.
Alright.
I can get you squared away today. To start let's retrieve your account. What's your full name, address, and date of birth.
My name is Jackson McDaniels, and my address is seven three eight Hampshire Lane.
And my date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
What was the name of your first pet?
Wink.
Thank you. Now Jackson, please verify the checking account number for me.
Sure. It's zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
Zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. Alright, is this the account we'll be withdrawing funds from today?
Yeah that's right.
Alright thank you Jackson.
I see you have a balance of one thousand one hundred and thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents in this account.
Yeah that sounds right.
and is this going to be a domestic or international transfer?
my mom is in Mexico, so international.
Yup, international.
Alright.
Alright Jackson, please provide me with the routing number for the account that you'd like me to forward your funds to. So your mom's routing number.
sure. Could you give me a second? I had her info written down.
Oh no problem, take your time Jackson.
which one is the routing number?
the routing number, it should be nine numbers across the bottom of the checks. it's on the bottom left hand side of the checks. Nine numbers.
Nine numbers on the bottom left. Oh OK I see it. OK. The routing number is nine eight two five four three six four four.
Nine eight two five four three six four four.
Yup.
Thank you. And what is the account number?
Seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero.
Yeah.
OK thank you. And how much did you want to transfer to her?
I want to send her three hundred.
OK. To confirm Jackson McDaniels is authorizing an international wire transfer in the amount of three hundred dollars from his Intellibank checking account number zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. and we are sending these funds to routing number nine eight two five four three six four four and the account number is seven four five six two eight nine nine one zero. Does all of this information sound correct Jackson?
Yeah that's right.
OK I will go ahead and process this request it usually takes up to thirty minutes to finally process. You'll receive an email confirmation of this transfer when the funds have posted to the forwarding account. Is the email on file still correct? J McDaniels at hotmail dot com?
Yeah that's right.
great. One moment while that processes.
Sure.
No hurry.
Alright
In a minute I'll have that transaction ID number for you.
OK. So, how's your day going?
it's going. How about you?
It's all right.
Good.
Jackson I've got that confirmation number for you. Are you ready to write it down?
Yes I'm ready.
OK the number is nine nine nine one two six five.
Nine nine nine one two six five. Got it.
and your new balance is eight hundred and thirty-eight dollars and ninety-two cents. Are you interested in receiving information regarding additional services and pending promotions here at Intellibank?
not particularly. but can I do wire transfers like this online?
yeah you could do wire transfers at our website WWW dot Intellibank dot com. You could set it up as a one time transfer or set it up to recur at whichever interval you'd like.
my system shows that you've never created first time credentials. Let me give you that information. One moment.
all right the first time that you try to use our system, Intellibank's online banking you'll have to click on first time users enroll here. Then you can read and accept the online banking disclosures and enter your account number, your social, your date of birth, and create a password. Does this all sound like it makes sense to you?
Yeah.
And do you have any questions or concerns?
No.
and is there anything else I can help you with today Jackson?
No that should about do it.
Alright, well thank you for calling Intellibank and have a great day.
You too, bye.
Thank you, bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yes so I got a letter in the mail and I don't really understand what it's telling me. It's saying something about a closed location.
OK I can check on that for you. Who am I speaking with today?
It's Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Ms. Baker?
You can call me Jill.
OK Jill so it sounds like you're saying received a letter and it's telling you that you bank location is closing. Is that correct?
I mean I'm not sure. I guess that's what is saying?
OK. Let me check on this for you. What's your account number Jill?
It's three four six zero two nine nine eight.
All right. Thank you Jill and can I also get your date of birth?
March second of nineteen eighty.
OK Jill your account has a security question. Can you also tell me the city that you were born in?
I was born in Tucson.
OK. All right Jill. Let me look through the correspondences on your account and let me see if I can help you understand what you received today. OK so it looks like the Intellibank that you have listed as your home banking branch is moving to a new location and so it looks like they sent you that letter just to inform you move.
Oh OK so where are they moving to?
So it looks like the new location will be seven six nine one Holston Road. That seven six nine one Holston. It's Holston S T O N and that's road in Kansas City Missouri but it looks like they actually wouldn't be moving until November fifth.
So is my branch close in the meantime?
So it looks like temporary closed the location until they can get moved into the new location. It says that it's closed for a period of about seven days.
I need to make a deposit like now.
OK Jill what I can I do I can help you locate a branch close to you that you can utilize in the meantime while you wait for your branch to open with that be helpful.
yeah that would be really helpful.
OK let me just confirm some information from you. Is your home address three one four Trip Quick Lane in Kansas City. Is that correct?
Yeah that's that's my address.
OK and are you wanting to find a location that's near your home or or your work.
Yeah preferably near my home.
OK let me do some quick checking for you.
Thank you I appreciate all your help. it is it stormy where you are?
it has been raining here but I'm in the customer service center so I can't see outside right now. We don't have any windows in here. is it stormy where you are?
It's been storming here all day. I mean I've I heard that there's lots of flooding in some areas too but it's it's literally been raining and storming about six a.m. this morning
Oh I I do know that earlier when I was heading in and it was just raining there was a lot of high spots on the road from the water. so hopefully it's it's not getting worse out there.
Yeah I live down by the riverfront and when the water gets so high it sometimes its it worries me that it's gonna flood my condo so it's a little nerve wrecking sometimes.
I I can imagine. well Jill you you make sure that you stay safe OK and keep an eye on those water levels.
I will. Thank you.
OK Jill so I did find a location that looks like it's pretty close to you. Do you have a pen and paper? I'll give that address to you.
Yeah do go ahead?
OK so the one that I found is one Ward is the one Ward financial building. It looks like it's in the district right behind your condo. the address for that one is nine zero eight Ward Street. It's nine zero eight Ward Street and it's Kansas City as well. And when you enter the building it looks like you would go to the second floor or there's also in the elevator there should be a button that says Intellibank on it. It'll have the Intellibank logo. If you press that the button with the the button in the elevator with that logo on it it should take you straight to our bank.
Oh OK. Do you know what the parking is like down there? and my stimulator have a drive through option in as well.
Yeah so there is a parking garage under the building that you can access from the Ward Street. if you take the parking ramp up there are also three drive through teller options located within that parking garage on the third floor from Intellibank.
OK. that's really close then Maybe I'll start using that one instead of my home one that makes more sense right I mean If I was using location not always end up going to that place next to it it's like a little shoe store whenever I use that old location I consistently use that one the little strip mall though with the shoe store. I end up spending like a ton of money so this branch seems like it's a lot better. I mean definitely be easier on my pockets for sure.
I could totally understand that. if you like me to I could change this to your home bank branch if you like me to do that on your account.
no. Could you just wait I wanna I wanna check out that new branch and make sure that's open and I mean even though it's a little farther from the shoe store right now anyways I'd like to just check it out make sure that's what I want fit wise long term.
OK no problem. If at any time you decide you wanna change just let us and we can do that over the phone for you. Was there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes just one more thing. Can you tell me highlight the old address is open?
Yeah real quick here. so it looks like that location has hours Monday through Friday from eight a.m. until five p.m. and then Sundays nine a.m. to twelve I'm sorry Saturdays and Sundays it has nine a.m. to twelve p.m..
Oh OK that's perfect. Thank you so much.
No problem Jill. Thank you for choosing Intellibank. You have a great day.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Daisy may I have your name and account number please?
Yeah my name is George Emory and my account number is zero zero one six three nine two two one seven.
All right I got zero zero one six three nine two two one seven. There were are how may I help you today Mr. Emory?
yeah I'm at work but I wanted to hit a ATM on my way home could you please tell me where the closest ATM is?
Sure I'd be happy to help you locate an ATM near you. What is your work address?
Just a second let me look that up.
No problem take your time.
All right I have the address here. the address is twenty-one Maple Lane.
Twenty-one Maple Lane and what is the city and state please?
Branson Missouri.
Great! One moment while I retrieve that information for you.
Yeah no hurry.
All right George it looks like we do have a few locations near you. There's an actual Intellibank branch location that has an ATM in its entrance and the address there is one five five six nine Helena Avenue. There's also an ATM inside of a SuperAmerica gas station at one oh one Percy Lane. And then we do have a third option that's in the mall across the street from you but please be advised that as this is not an Intellibank location that ATM will be subject to a four dollar non-refundable usage fee.
I'm sorry you said there's an Intellibank ATM inside the SuperAmerica?
Intellibank yes sir.
Yeah sorry Intellibank sorry.
No no problem.
where can I access this list?
You mean the list of the ATMs that are near you?
yes please.
Oh yeah you can do that at our website that's WWW dot Intellibank dot com. There you'll be able to access a map feature it gives you the directions and the addresses to all the locations nearest you and that's available twenty-four seven.
Cool! yeah I'm not great at navigating websites.
That's fine you can always call us like you did today! We can handle it and give you this information over the phone.
one more question. Can I deposit my paycheck into this ATM at the gas station?
one moment while I double-check that for you. Yeah you can! You can make up to three deposit transactions in a twenty-four hour period at this ATM.
OK can I deposit cash too?
yep you can! And OK George is there anything more I can help you with today?
yeah would you provide me with my account balance?
Certainly for that we will have to complete the account verification questions so that I can share your private information with you. What is your date of birth?
My date of birth is September twenty-first nineteen ninety-nine.
And can you verify your phone number for me?
Sure my phone number is six one two two two nine three nine zero nine. Also my email is G Emory at Hotmail dot com that's my preferred mode of communication.
OK thank you! looks like your personal checking account balance is four hundred and fifty-three dollars and eighty-nine cents. And there's currently no transactions that are pending.
OK another question. Can you tell me if the check I wrote to Bubba's Burgers last week has cleared?
would this be dated September thirtieth and written out for twelve dollars and twenty-seven cents?
Yup that's right.
yes sir that has cleared.
Great thank you.
No problem anything else I can do for you today?
No that's everything I needed to know.
Great have a good day!
You too thank you.
Bye bye!
Bye!
Thank you for calling Intellibank where we value our customers. This is Brenda. How may I help you?
Yeah. I need to order another debit card.
OK. Let me help you with that. Who am I speaking with today?
This is Jill Baker.
And do you prefer that I call you Jill or Miss Baker?
You can call me Jill.
OK Jill. Has your debit card been lost or stolen recently?
So I think I might have lost it or like left it in the ATM somewhere. I'm not really sure but I just can't find it.
OK and are you wanting to cancel that lost card as well?
So can I just get a card with the same number? I had that solved in all my accounts so that that's how I pay things. It's all saved in there so I don't really want to change it unless I have to.
OK Jill. So before we decide what we wanna do regarding that account. Let me just let me just do some quick checks on your account here to make sure no one as accessed your account with that card. OK. Just give me just a second. OK?
All right. That'd be great.
All right Jill. So is this a checking, savings or credit account?
It's my checking account.
And what's that checking account number?
It's four three zero two nine zero nine eight.
All right Jill, and what is your date of birth?
It's March second of nineteen eighty.
Alright and I see this account has a security question. Could you also tell me the city that you were born in?
So I was born in Glasgow.
OK. Let me get this account pulled up for you. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna read to you your last three transactions on your account and can you just tell me whether or not those were made by you. I just wanna confirm just to make sure that your card hasn't been used, OK? Since I know you lost it, OK? So the first transaction that I have for you was made on October first at Ginger's Diner for thirty-five for thirty-five dollars and ninety cents. Was was that made by you?
Yeah that was mine. that was a dinner that I went to.
OK and that second transaction was made on October first at run walk dot com and that was for two hundred and fifty dollars and eighty-seven cents.
No. Nope. That's not me. I don't even know what that is. How much did you say it was for again?
It's two hundred and fifty dollars and eighty-seven cents and it was to run walk dot com.
Nope that is definitely not me. That is not. Like, what happens.
OK. I'm gonna flag that one but but just give me one second, I'm wanna read you another one. So let me read you the other. This is the most recent one. It was made on October third and it was to Davis Auto for six hundred and fifty-four dollars and thirty-two cents.
Oh my God. No, that's not mine either. I cannot believe this. Oh my God, how do I dispute it? I didn't make those. How do I dispute it and get my money back?
OK Jill. So since you were saying you did not make those purchases, what I'm gonna gonna do is flag those two for dispute and then I'm gonna forward those to our fraud department for review. OK? So someone from that fraud department should reach out to you in a day or so to get some more additional information from you and then they will kinda walk you through the process of their investigation. But what they will do, is they will look into that fraud in order to try to to find out what happened, try to get this resolved for you. OK?
OK.
And since this was a debit transaction made on both of these purchases. I'm also going to cancel your debit cards and have a new one issued to you. So those new cards will come with new numbers that way so if anybody still has your access to your cards they'll try and use it but they won't make any any more unauthorized purchases that come out of your account, OK.
Oh right, so when will those come?
So you should receive your new cards within seven to ten business days. You should receive a phone call from the fraud department within in, I would say probably a day or so and then the investigation itself can take up to three days for that to completely get handled and processed. Alright?
OK. So should I go to all the places that I was last at and see if any one remembers finding my card?
No, actually so, since we know that the card has been used by someone without your permission. I don't know that you're gonna need to contact any of the places that you last made purchases at. if you know for sure where you left your card you may contact that business just to see if they recall finding that card or if anyone maybe possibly came to turn that card in. we do know that somebody is using it at this point but that doesn't necessarily mean they're using the card. They could have just accessed the information off of it, written it down and then turned that card in. So if you wanna check and just make for the last place you think it was. If you think you left it at an ATM or possibly used it you know at a gas pump, or something. I think you might know where you left it at. You could always call them but at this point we're still gonna identify this fraud and still get it investigated for you and we're still gonna get you those new cards issued. We want to make sure that nobody is allowed to use this again, OK.
OK. Oh my God, I'm just flabbergasted.
OK. So we know that the card has been used by someone without your permission so I don't I don't know I don't know what else what else the fraud department will need from you when you call them, but when you when you speak with him if you can just try to give them as much information as possible they will try to get this resolved for you as soon as possible in order to get that identified for you and then to get those funds back to you, OK?
OK.
Is there anything else I can help you with, Jill?
I think that's all.
Alright Jill. Well thank you for choosing Intellibank. Enjoy your day. OK.
Hi. Thank you so much for calling Intellibank. How can I help you today?
Hello. My name is Charlene.
Hi Charlene. How can I help you?
How is your day fairing on so far?
Oh, my day's going well. Thank you. How's your day going?
Mine mine is not so good. I was calling in to ask for my branch. I need. I need to make a deposit.
All right, sure, no problem. first, can I get your name and date of birth?
OK. My name is Charlene Peterson. And my date of birth is on the twenty-ninth of December, nineteen ninety.
All right, thank you for that. And can I also get your address, city, and state?
OK. My address is ninety three three Street, Galen City in Texas. And my code is seven five zero four one.
All right, thank you for that.
All right. So I do see there is a branch in your city. It's about one mile from where you are. Would you like the address of that branch?
Mhm.
That
Yes. Yes. Give me a minute. I search for a pen and a paper.
Sure.
OK, go ahead.
It is two six four Highwater.
OK, two six four Highwater.
Street.
Street.
In Galen City, Texas.
OK.
And I'm sorry. I forgot to ask you earlier. Can I get your account number?
Oh, let me get the card .
Sure.
OK.
OK.
My card account number is three five four six six eight seven nine two four.
All right, thank you so much for confirming your account number with me.
You're welcome.
All right, so, yes, I do see that branch in your city. is it because you couldn't find a branch that was close to you?
No. Actually, I'm used to doing online banking. But for the last couple of days, I've had problem with my Wi-Fi at home. It seems they. During the construction of a nearby road they had being cut out. So I'm going. And I'm heading to the company to help. To talk to them for them to come quickly. And they solve the issue.
Oh, I see. I'm sorry to hear that. Well, going to a branch could definitely help you out with that.
OK.
.
See. Would you like to hear about the opening hours of the bank?
Yes. I would like to hear about the hours. And also if there's a drive-by ATM nearby too.
Sure. So the hours are eight to five p.m. on weekdays. And on Saturdays, it is nine to four p.m..
Oh, OK. And do you guys have return cards? Is it return cards or reward cards? I asked them to confirm these both.
Oh.
Yeah, so we have rewards cards. And what it is is you can get rewards anytime you use it to spend.
Oh.
Oh, that's nice to hear. So how do I get it? What's the process?
Yeah, so you can online, and you could read the information for the rewards cards. There's an application that you can apply to. And it'll have all the information, and then you'll get an email to see if you've been accepted for the card.
OK, I'll see. I'll try that once my Wi-Fi is back on.
All right, of course. No problem. And I also wanted to mention that for the branch that there is a drive-by ATM.
OK.
Oh, thank you. That's really nice.
Yes. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No. That's all for today.
All right, thank you so much for calling Intellibank. Have a great day.
You too.
Hello, thank you for calling Intellibank, this is Carl. How may I help you?
Well hello, Carl.
How are you?
I'm doing fine.
OK. how may I help you today?
well, so, I am going to give you guys a try.
OK.
I've been with another bank in our town and I'm not very satisfied with their customer service and.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That you're not satisfied. So how can I assist you?
Well I am considering opening a bank account with you guys.
OK.
And I was wondering do I need to drive to the branch? But I don't really want to go inside and wear a mask. can I do that online or on over the phone?
I
Can assist you in opening it up on right now.
OK.
And then what we would need to do is you would need to upload a government issued ID.
Where am I uploading?
you can actually if we get you registered on the mobile app and we get your account.
I'm no good with mobile apps.
You're not
Good with mobile apps? OK.
No. That's
For my grandkids.
Got it, OK. So I can assist you in opening the account. You would have to swing by a branch and show them your government issued ID.
Like right now?
After we set it up.
Or a~
OK.
but you would have to swing by a branch and and show them a government issued ID and then you could fund the account at the same time.
I I can do that in the drive-thru right? I I I don't wanna go inside.
Yes, you can.
OK, yep. You can totally do that in the drive-thru.
OK.
So, to get started, I need your first and last name.
first name is Tanya Bishop.
OK. Tanya T A N Y A?
Yes.
And then Bishop B I S H O P?
Yes.
Alright. And Tanya, what is your date of birth?
Oh, honey, you don't ask a woman that. I'm just kidding. it is January first nineteen fifty-seven.
January first, nineteen fifty-seven?
Yes.
You were a New Year's baby.
Oh I'm still a baby if you know what I mean. You know?
OK, and then Tanya, I'm gonna need your social security number.
the whole social security?
The whole
Social security number for the background check.
OK it is six four five.
OK six four five.
Five four.
Five four.
Six six zero zero.
Six six zero zero?
Yes.
And your current address, Tanya?
It is two seventy Silver Cloud Road in Heber, Montana nine one zero one one.
OK so two seventy Silver Cloud Road. In Heber, Montana, nine one zero one one?
Yes.
Alright. So I am going to go and issue a security check. So if you give me one minute, we can continue on through the process.
OK, I'll be right here.
Alright. Thank you very much.
Mhm.
OK, it looks like everything checked out.
OK.
Alright, so Tanya let's see, are you looking for a basic checking account or a premium checking account or are you looking to open a savings account?
Well well what will.
What's the difference. OK.
So the basic checking account is our free account and there are no fees incurred monthly. there is a thirty-five dollar overdraft protection fee, if you overdraw the account.
OK.
The our our premium account earns interest and requires a ten thousand dollar daily balance in it.
OK let's just give it a try first with the free one.
OK, we can do that. All right so I have you set up here for a our interest I'm sorry, now our basic checking account which is free.
OK.
OK.
And there's no minimum of what I'm going to be putting into this account, correct?
No, there is not a minimum.
OK. Sorry, that was my alarm. My my my grandkids are going to be here shortly.
OK. so we let's see so we have that do you want to open a a savings account or a money market account?
You know what? Since my grandkids are going to be arriving, let's let's do that another time. Let's just finish the basic one.
OK. Alright. So I've got your account set up here. If you want checks, do you want checks for this account?
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah?
OK. would you like to pick a check or would you just like a basic check?
just a basic one.
OK. I will get those ordered for you. Do you want a do you want an ATM a Visa debit card?
no just the just a credit card.
Just a credit card?
And then.
Do you have anything like in a sunshine theme?
A Sunshine.
Credit card? lemme see.
Yeah.
Something.
Palm trees cuz you know.
Yep, we have an island scene card.
Oh.
Perfect, let's do an island scene. Yes.
Go with that one? All right.
Perfect. I'll select that.
OK.
so it so do I have to is it gonna be mailed to me? Like how do I?
Yes, those are going to be mailed to you.
Where do I get it?
OK.
The do you need to swing by the branch to or a branch I should say to to show them a government issued ID for your account. And
OK.
Where's
Your where's your main branch located?
Four fifty Main Street.
OK. I know where that is, OK.
OK.
Yes and you take the money to fund the account. Take some money to fund the account. And your your ID and that will complete the opening process.
OK. Uh-huh.
OK.
So is there anything else that I can assist you with?
no Carl you were very very helpful. I I appreciate all the info and I I will see you guys shortly.
Alright, perfect.
Alright, thank you Carl.
Thank you, have a wonderful day.
Bye bye.
Alright, bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank, how can I help you today?
Yes, I like to make simply make a wire, wire transfer today. I need to transfer some money.
Yes sir, I can totally help you with that. could you please verify your first and last name?
Yes, it's Fred Jones. Fred E. Jones Edward.
Yes, sir and your date of birth?
Three six seventy-two and then my address is five eighty one George street Charleston, West Virginia two eight three seven four, and my social is two three eight two one seven two see two three eight two three two one seven two and anything else you need?
no that'll be fine sir, thank you very much for the information. I do need you to verify the security question on your account so I can verify that it is you,
OK.
OK.
And it is your favorite pet?
Favorite pet? Harry.
Yes sir, that is correct. OK, and I need to have the withdrawal bank account number?
OK, OK, it's the nine digit, yeah. Its nine one one two one nine six one three.
Yes sir, and what dollar are you looking to transfer?
Only seventy-five hundred dollars even to to an account at this. just another branch at this account up north.
OK, so this.
Yeah, it's from
My daughter my daughter's having her wedding and and I gotta her, give her the money for the wedding cake before we get up there so it's already there so.
OK, yes sir so this is a domestic and not a international transfer.
Yeah, it's just going up
To Vermont.
OK, and I, I did want to
You know at least you got good ice cream up there. You know what I mean?
Yes sir.
Or.
Or maybe get some free Ben and Jerry's when we're up there.
Yes sir. I totally I totally understand.
It'd be pretty cool. Yeah.
Or Cherry
Garcia and all that stuff.
Yes sir.
Fish food yeah. OK. Sorry about that. Man I ramble a lot sometimes.
Yes.
And I.
Oh, that's OK.
My daughter's
Getting married, I get excited sometimes.
That's
Quite OK, sir.
OK.
And I, I did want to verify with you that if it was an international transfer, that there would be a fee associated with that of ten dollars, but you are telling me that it is not so you don't have to worry about that.
That
Is about four hundred miles.
Yes sir, OK, and could I please have the deposit routing number, for the account that we will see the funds.
Oh oh oh. Yeah. Eight
Four seven seven two four seven two three.
Yes sir, thank you for that. And I'd like to let you know that this will take place tomorrow by noon, so if you wanna , kinda check the details of that in your email. We will send all the information to your email and you'll be able to track that, so that's what time it will take place.
Can I get a Can I get it sent to her email as well? Or I I can just, what I can do is I can just I can send it to her through my email once I get it through you, I'll just, what they call that? adding a file or adding something, I know I know what I gotta do on the on the email thing.
Yes sir and you know I can tell you about our online banking if you're interested if you don't know much about that?
I've never done it.
our online banking is very convenient. It's twenty four hours a day access to any kind of banking issue that you may have you can also do check list deposits or you don't have to supply check makes it very convenient if you work late hours and if you have another wire transfer that you need to have done in a quicker manner, you can also access it for that. we also have different ATMs in different locations, and we also do the new ATM with the live agent. And you don't have to have any information.
Oh. Is that that ITM?
Yes sir.
Oh, OK, so that's what that meant?
Yes sir.
I saw it said.
It said ATM slash ITM. I was like honey, what's ITM mean? She was like, I don't know. I said well, well now we know, so good yup.
And I did wanna advise you of your account balance, your account balance at this stage is one thousand two-hundred and fifty dollars.
That's after my transfer?
Yes sir.
OK. OK, just say we're missing money then, but yeah that's right, that's right.
And if the funds cannot be accepted, there will be a surcharge of six dollars.
No. no, it's
Fine. Can you could I go ahead and transfer some of my savings to my checking?
Yes sir, you sure can. I can take care of that for you.
I put
fifteen hundred. From my savings into my checking, I'll give you my number. It should be, should be right on your monitor there.
Yes sir, I do have all that information. Thank you very much for that. Is there anything else I can help you, anything further about our our loans or anything about our, our current interest rates?
OK OK.
I've been thinking about getting a home improvement loan but it's probably gone have to wait a year. It's been kind of low, with businesses been kind of slow lately because of the Corona, Coronas virus, so I'm probably have to wait another year, but I appreciate it though.
OK, yeah sir I totally agree with you on that, but thank you very much and is there anything else I can help you with today?
Not much, I can't wait to get up to Vermont and see my daughter get married try that new Human Centi peach ice cream they got going on up there.
Yes sir, I totally think that would be a great idea and thank you so much for calling Intellibank. If there's nothing else I can help you with today, then you have a great day.
I
Think that's it, ma'am, I appreciate it.
No problem. If there's.
Fred.
Fred Jones here.
If there's anything else we can help you with, don't hesitate to call.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bye bye.
Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Ashley, how may I help you today?
Hi Ashley, I'm calling because I need to update some of my personal information.
Absolutely. I'll be able to help you with that. just one moment why I pull up my system here please.
All righty.
Have you been enjoying this fall weather lately?
Oh my goodness, yes. The cold front that came in recently .
It was like the best feeling in the world to have the humidity out of the air and it just feels fresh and that cool breeze. Like I don't know, there's just no feeling like that. I absolutely love it. You?
I'm enjoying it beyond belief.
it's so funny you're seeing people I need a jacket and I'm just here like in shorts and a tank top like bring it on.
Right, I'm the same way. I get hot very easily, so the cold weather is like feels even better.
Oh yeah .
All righty. So let's go ahead and get you verified so I can process your request for ya. so what is your first and last name please?
Hayley Parker.
All right, and your phone number?
Three one five four four four two two three seven.
And your date of birth please?
Four fifteen eighty-nine.
Thank you and your credit card number.
I knew you guys were gonna ask and I did not even take it out. Hold on one second please.
No problem, take your time. I'm in no rush.
And then of course you find it and you can't get it out of the wallet. You've gotta love that too.
Always.
All righty .
that is five three five three four five nine zero two three four eight one nine six three.
Thank you, and lastly, security question. Your birthplace please.
Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Perfect. OK and what can I update for you today, Ms. Parker?
are you able to update my address over the phone or do I need to go into a branch?
Yes you can actually
Oh and sorry. how long does all of that take?
OK
To.
Sorry.
No, it's OK. All right, you. To answer your first question, yes you can make an address change over the phone. You don't need to go into a branch for that. A branch can process that request if you wanted to, but you can absolutely do it over the phone and the changes take effect immediately.
Now, if you have a check book that you'd like to .
If you have a check book that you need it may take a couple days t~. You'd have to order that and we'll send that out to you and you should get that within three to five business days for the new check book, but as far as like in our systems, the address change will take effect right away.
OK.
OK? And what is the new address? I will go ahead and update that now for you.
That's gonna be five one seven Brooklyn Avenue. Joseph Town, Florida. Three two seven seven seven.
Perfect. All right, so let me go ahead and put that in here. Hit submit. All right, and that change has been successfully made. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I almost forgot. I need to correct the phone number that you have on file.
It's actually one digit off.
OK. All right, no problem. I can fix that for you. Let me go up to your phone number here. All right, so we have three one five four four four two two three seven, and what should it be?
Three one five four four four two two three nine.
Perfect. All righty, so that has been updated successfully. are you aware of our online banking service?
Actually, I'm not.
how does that work ?
OK. well you can either go online to Intellibank dot com or download the app, the Intellibank app. you create a username and password. they'll most likely ask you. They are gonna be asking you actually for your personal and banking information in order to just to verify you. So make sure you have that with you.
you can then go. Once you set up the online account. for the reason that you called in today, you can actually do that online easily, and you don't have to call or go into the branch. you just go to. I think it's personal account information or personal account holder information. Something to that effect. I can't remember exactly and that's where you can update your phone number, your address, your email.
Anything, you know, the type of information that can change, and that can be done easily, OK?
OK. Sounds easy enough.
definitely super easy. I use it myself so it's definitely. It's definitely very convenient to use. All right Mrs. Parker, is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
I think I'm good. Thank you so much. I appreciate all of your help.
You're very welcome. It's been my pleasure and I wanna thank you for calling Intellibank and you enjoy the rest of your day.
You too, thank you.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Welcome to Intellibank, this is Mike. How can I help you today?
Hi, yes, I've been trying to get in touch with you guys since this morning because I lost my card.
And I called previously, you guys had me on hold and then the call just hung up. And my cards been lost and I'm trying to see what I can do about it.
I am so so sorry to hear about that sir, I'm gonna do what I need to do so we can get you your card, to get you a new card issued out to you. We are honestly a little short staffed because of COVID. But I sincerely apologize, I know it's frustrating being on hold, and you lost your card. So let's get right into it, all right?
Alrighty.
OK. May I have your first and last name please?
Ryan McKesson.
Ryan McKesson. OK Mr. McKesson, what is your date of birth?
Twelve nine eighty-five.
Twelve nine eighty-five.
OK, Mr McKesson, I'm gonna need an authenticating ID number to open up the account. Do you have a credit card, a driver's license ID number, anything like that?
hold on lemme get it.
OK, no problem, take your time.
Alright, I have my credit card.
OK. Give me one second.
If you could read off that credit card number to me I'd appreciate that.
Five four, four nine.
Mhm.
Two seven zero nine.
Mhm.
Three nine eight six.
Mhm.
Eight seven two five.
Eight seven two five. OK.
Now I'm gonna ask you Your security question, that you have on file. Mr. McKesson, in what city were you born sir?
Orlando.
Orlando? OK. Pull up your account here, one second. They said, you said that you lost your card this morning?
I think I lost it within the last two days, I just called you guys this morning.
OK, so it's been lost for a couple of days now. Now can you tell me Mr. McKissick, what was your most recent business transaction? if you could give me the name of the business, maybe where it is.
Last thing I can remember buying with the card I would say Walmart.
A Walmart? OK. So let's see here. All right so what I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna shut that card down, and we're gonna issue you out a new one OK? Just give me one second.
Alrighty.
OK Mr. McKesson, I have just shut down your card. I have issued you a new one. It should take three to five business days for you to receive your card.
Aww man, that's a lot of days.
I I sincerely apologize Mr McKesson I wish I could get it to you even faster, I wish I could put it right there in your hand man but I apologize.
I'm sorry for blowing my nose.
Oh it's no problem man, no problem at all. OK now once you receive your, your new card in three to five business days Mr. McKesson, what you'll do is you'll there's a number on the back. You give that number a call, you set up a new PIN, they're gonna ask you, you know, a couple personal questions. And you should be pretty much all to go. So Be looking out for your card in again, three to five business days.
is there a way I could do that online?
Well as of right now, since I just stopped your card, there's nothing you can really do about it online, I just froze the card. So you have to wait for it to come to your home and then activate it. Once you activate it at home then go.
Oh.
No, I'm sorry sir. I mean I'm asking can I activate it online? Without calling you guys, cause you guys have a long waiting time.
Oh yes, I do apologize, yes you can actually. If you head to WWW dot Intellibank dot com there is an activate my card feature, it's in the top left hand corner. If you just pull down the drag screen it'll direct you on everything that you need to do.
OK, and can you tell me what's the last transaction that came from the card?
So so to confirm what you were saying, it does say that there was a purchase of a hundred and twenty one dollars and sixteen cent. At a Walmart in Orlando Florida, would that be correct?
Yes.
OK. It doesn't look like there was anything taken off of the card, it just looks like it's just lost, you know, or misplaced. No one, no one found it or anything so, your balance still looks the same, So basically yeah. Hopefully you know that card gets to you as soon as possible Mr McKesson. Is there anything else I can do for you before we end the call sir?
No, I guess I'll just enjoy this Orlando weather til my card comes.
Mhm, I understand, and and I do apologize again about the, about the long hold times cause I know that can be frustrating.
Yeah, very. But thank you.
You are so welcome, have a good day Mr. McKissick.
All right, you too.
Welcome to Intellibank. My name is Brenda. How may I help you today?
Yes, I need to open a new checking account and check my balance on my other account.
OK, I can help you with those things. How are you today?
Good, how are you?
I'm doing well, thank you. Can I have your first and last name please?
Sunni S U N N I. Bean B E A N.
Thank you, and your address please.
Eighteen thirty-five Rice Boulevard. Fairborn Ohio, four five three two four.
And your phone number?
Nine three seven five three two five five seven nine.
And your authenticating ID number?
R R one five nine four one one zero. I'm sorry about that.
OK.
No, that's OK.
Now, would you like to open the account first or would you like me to give you the balance of your saving account first?
let's do the balance first.
All right.
So can you give me the security question answer for your savings account?
Sure, it's Bean B E A N.
Thank you. So it looks like the balance of your savings account is one thousand two hundred and fifty dollars. Does that sound correct?
Yes it does.
All right, thank you. Is there anything else you'd like me to do with that account right now?
Not right now.
OK So which type of account were you interested in opening. We have checkings various types of checking accounts. We have a couple different savings account options still for you.
I was looking a checking a checking account.
OK. Would you like me to go over the types of checking accounts we offer?
Yes please.
OK so we have three different accounts. We have a platinum checking account, which is the highest one. We have a gold account and we have a consumer checking account which is the basic most basic account we offer.
OK.
The platinum account offers more features but it does have a higher monthly fee.
OK.
the gold account offers more features and it has the second highest fee. And the consumer account has no monthly fee but offers less benefits.
I think I want the platinum account.
OK. So your interested in in the platinum account, is that right?
Yes.
So you'll it will take five hundred dollars to open that account today.
OK.
Is that OK with you?
Yes.
OK. So are you planning to make that deposit by transferring the money from your saving or do you want to make a well transfer through the ATM or bring it in to the branch?
No we can transfer it from savings over to it.
OK so in order to open that account I do need to get another security question for you and get a different security answer that you can verify your account when you call in.
OK.
It could be a street address, your pets name.
Let's do a pet name.
OK go ahead.
Katie K A T I E.
OK let me put that in the computer here. Give me just a second.
How's the weather out there today?
Oh it's great. How's the weather there?
It's pretty warm.
Yeah it's warm here too but it's not too muggy. Thank you for asking.
Yeah, I also have a problem with my saving account when we get a chance.
OK, let me finish opening this checking account for you then we can go back and look at your savings.
OK.
So the address and phone number for your account that we already have, is that the address and phone number you wanna use for this account too?
I wanna change the phone number.
OK, so can you give the phone number that's already listed one more time.
Nine three seven five three two five five seven nine.
Great, and then if you'll provide the number you'd like it to be.
Nine three seven four six three three three eight zero.
OK let me update that. Just a minute here.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
All right, I have that updated for you and I have the account open, so let me go ahead and tell you that this account has no fees but it does not incur interest either. Is that OK with you? OK. And then you want me to go ahead and transfer the five hundred dollars out. Oh, I'm sorry. You wanted the platinum account is that correct?
Yes.
Yes.
So I'm sorry about that, they it does have a ten dollar monthly fee and it also incurs a five percent interest rate.
OK.
Is that still OK?
Yes.
OK so let me go ahead and transfer that five hundred from your savings into this new account.
Is there a debit card and checks with this account?
Yes, I'll go over that with you here in just a second. All right, I have that money transfer. Would you like the new account number?
OK.
Yes.
OK, do you have a pen and a piece of paper?
Yes, I do.
It's eight five two two zero one nine.
OK.
And yes this account comes with one books of checks per month for free. And we you will get a debit card in the mail in five to seven days that will work on the account for you. And it will also give you access to your current savings account.
OK.
OK.
How does that sound?
Sounds good.
OK. Do you have our online banking setup?
Yes I do.
OK, good. So your access to your checking account should be there on your online banking account as of now.
OK.
So when you log in you'll see both accounts and you can make changes, make transfers, do wire transfers. All of those kind of things on your online banking.
OK and the transfer went through for.
For the five hundred? Yes I did. Yes. So you have a five hundred dollar balance in that new checking account. yup. All right, and you said that there was a problem with your savings account?
Yes. OK.
OK.
Yes, I think that the money should of been a little bit more than what it was.
OK, well what I would advise you to do is, log into your online banking and you can see that your things transactions are there. Make sure each one is correct and if you're missing a deposit or something that you think that you did you can call us back and file a dispute and we can research that.
OK.
How does that sound?
Sounds good.
OK. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope I think that's good.
All right, well you have a good day. Thank you for calling Intellibank.
You, too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Hi. Thank you for calling Intellibank. My name is Tanya and how may I assist you today?
Hey, Tanya. How are you doing today?
I'm doing quite well. Thank you ma'am for asking and how about yourself?
Well, I was doing all right until I got my credit card statement in the mail and I was looking and on my transactions I I'm seeing a transaction on the twenty-ninth of September from Apple for the amount of two thousand four hundred ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents and I did not make that. So I've looked around for my credit card. I can't find it anywhere. I don't I guess maybe the last time I used it, I might have left it on the counter or dropped it somewhere. I don't know what happened.
All right, ma'am. That's no problem. I'd be more than happy to look into this for you. May I have your first and last name please?
sure. It's Pam Hannah. H A N N A H.
Thank you, Ms. Hannah. And may I have your date of birth please?
Yes, ma'am. It's November the first nineteen fifty-five.
All right. I have November the first nineteen fifty-five. May I have your driver's license number as well please?
Sure. It is T as in Tom, five three one five seven seven two nine three four eight.
All right. I have T as in Tom five three one five seven seven two nine three four eight. Was that correct?
Yes, ma'am. That is.
Thank you, Ms. Hannah. And I am showing we have a security question on file for you. May I have your father's middle name please?
sure. It's Timothy.
All right. Thank you, Ms. Hannah. Now, may I have the credit card number for the card that you would like us to check today?
Sure, it's my travel card. You don't have that information right there? I'm sorry. I don't know it off the top of my head.
for your traveler's card ma'am?
Yes, ma'am. That that's right. I'm sorry.
Oh, that's quite all right. But I'm sorry, unfortunately without that information I would not be able to pull up your account.
Oh, OK. I'm sorry. Can you give me just one moment to grab my statement out of the other room?
Yes, ma'am. That's no problem. Just let me know when you're back.
OK. Thank you. OK, you still there?
Yes, ma'am. I sure am.
OK, let's see. My traveler's card number is five two six eight eight five zero eight zero eight six four nine eight zero four.
All right. Let me repeat that back to you just to make sure I have this correct. I have five two six eight eight five zero eight zero eight six four nine eight zero four.
Yes, ma'am. That's correct.
Thank you, Ms. Hannah. And, what is the date that you last remember using your card on?
It was on September the twenty-eighth, I believe, at Leo's Gaming.
All right. Thank you, Ms. Hannah. Let me just pull up your transaction history.
OK. Thank you.
All right, Ms. Hannah. I am seeing that transaction on the twenty-eighth at Leo's Gaming and then I do see the transaction you referred to on the twenty-ninth of September for an Apple Corporation in the amount of two thousand four hundred ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents. Just to verify, you said that you did not make this transaction?
Yes, ma'am. That's correct. I did not make that.
All right. Now, what we can do ma'am, we can go ahead and cancel out this card for you and I can send a request over to our fraud team for them to do the investigation so you said you do want to dispute those charges. Correct?
Yes, ma'am. I do.
All right. So, I'll go ahead and get that request over to them and it usually takes them around two weeks to be able to process everything and get this taken off of your card as long as it is a fraudulent charge. Now, I can't give you a specific date, but that's that's usually about the timeline that they run. And after that, then the transaction will be taken off of your statement so you won't have to worry about paying for that.
OK, great. Thank you.
Yes, ma'am. And if you would like, I can go ahead and cancel out this card. The one ending in nine eight zero four and have the new one sent on out to you.
Oh, yeah. Great. Thank you.
Yes, ma'am. I do need to go ahead and verify your address of where you would like your new card sent to.
sure. We live at one twenty-four High Meadow Lane.
All right and the city and state please, ma'am?
It's in Pittston, P I T T S T O N, Pennsylvania.
All right. So I have one twenty-four High Meadow Lane in Pittston Pennsylvania?
Yes, ma'am.
All right. Just one moment while I get this processed.
OK.
All right, Ms. Hannah. I do have that processed for you and your new card should be arriving in the mail in about seven to ten business days. And when you receive it, there will be a sticker on the front of that card with a phone number. Just call that phone number and follow all the prompts to get it activated. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Oh no, ma'am. You've been very helpful, Tanya. Thank you so much.
Yes ma'am, Ms. Hannah. And thank you so much for calling Intellibank. You have a wonderful day.
