hi Justine. I'm calling because I moved and I need to update my address.
Actually you know what, I was hoping to get a replacement card because my chip is malfunctioning lately.
so I was hoping you could tell me what my interest rate is on my credit card.
OK would it be possible to request that that be lowered?
Hi Susan. Hey I've gotta update a . Make an update to my account information.
Been way way more helpful. It's Actually. Can you. Can you give me an account balance? On On my checking account.
Yeah I need to know what your ATM withdrawal limits are for the day.
OK and it looks like it's from a different bank. is there a nearby ATM? I can give you the address of the place.
no, it. Wait, is there a local branch nearby? Just in case I need to withdraw money over the limit.
All right, I am pulling you up here. OK, I have located your accounts. we can do a transfer. We can do a transfer over the phone if you would like.
actually, can you please give me the balances on both accounts, please? Yes. Please.
Oh, I just moved and I'm wondering about an ATM where I moved to here.
Mhm. And I assume the one on Main Street has its own ATM machine right there?
OK. the other thing I'd like to know is about getting some new checks with my new address on.
Is there anything else I have to change because I've just moved?
Trying to figure out if my card is lost or stolen.
What I can do is go ahead and get that card canceled for you and re-issue you a new one, if you would like.
Yes, if you don't mind, while I have you on the phone, can you let me know the exact balance that is in both my checking and savings account?
Yes, ma'am. And just to let you know, we also offer online banking, if you ever wanted to check your balance without giving us a call and waiting on the line. You can also sign up for our online banking. And I could send you information on that, if you would like?
Hi, Susan. Hey I need to make a transfer to a a trade show that I'm sponsoring.
I made an online purchase. The transaction was declined but I was debited. Can you please look into this?
Yeah. I'd like to I'd like you to check my account balance please.
This Peter Davis, and I have a problem that somebody took money from my bank. fifty-two fifty from Tom's Grocery shop. And I never did that purchase.
I was looking into online banking. Maybe that's something I could do. Because I was last summer in the hospital for four months. I could not make any payments. My daughter needed to come to my place to help me. And it was so hot in that hospital. How's the weather there, by the way?
Can can can you tell me what the last two amounts were? The last two transactions what the amounts were for?
I need to Can you please help me about transferring some money between my bank accounts?
I'm trying to find a ATM near me.
yes I'm a customer with you guys and I have I have multiple accounts but I'm calling to dispute a charge on my credit card. can someone help me over the phone with that?
Well, John. I've been looking over my statements and there's something that's not right. And I was wondering if you could help me find out what's wrong with the statement.
first, could you give me my balance perhaps? Maybe I can figure it out that way.
yes, I need to make a wire transfer.
yes. I need to, to I, I need my septic tank pumped out. And I need to know if I've got enough money.
All right. Would you like for me to help set you up with online banking? So that you can check your account balance at your leisure?
OK. Can we close that account and just transfer the money over to my active account?
Yes. Hi there. I would like to see if I can get another card.
I believe I misplaced it.
Hi Rose. My name is Kim and I need some help with you. I am actually out of town. And I need to find a local branch near me.
no, I think that's everything. Like I said, I I would have generally gone on line you know to your to your information, you know to find a branch online. Oh you know what I did want to ask you the hours for these locations. could you tell me what the hours are for each please?
Hi, Robert. My name is Sarah Thomas. I'm calling because I had some problems recently. My account was closed because of fraudulent actions. I don't know, but I need to open a new one.
OK. That that shouldn't be a problem I could suggest that you go to a nearby branch if you're OK with that.
No, thank you. But you said the it will be closed on Friday? And how will I get a receipt or a notification for that?
I need to make some transfers between my saving and my checking account today.
actually Can you tell me cuz I'll know which one is the saving account obviously. Can you then give me the balance before we do anything please first?
no, actually I wanted to transfer to another institution if that's OK.
Yeah I would to open account?
OK where's the local branch nearest me?
Oh OK yeah. I'll head in there. What are your hours?
yes my address is seven five three Dogwood. Now I may have, when I opened the account, I may have used Street, but it's actually Road, Dogwood Road.
OK the next closest one is about five miles away. It's farther south also on Bay Road. The cross street is Chestnut Street. would you like the hours for those branches?
OK. Could you also give me a balance in my savings account please?
no, thanks for the opportunity. The you know I should, I'd like to be doing this online. could you and I've not set up an online account yet, could you kind of give me an idea on that?
Yes, ma'am. I just moved and I need to find out some information on where your branches are in my area now. so I can you know get down and I need to do some things with you guys. My name is Rodney Hatfield.
Oh gosh, I I need to get some of that trans. Can I can I transfer about seven thousand of that from my checking into my savings ?
Yeah, thanks. I need to get it on my phone, because I have it at home on my regular desktop. So yeah, I need to download the app. Is it pretty easy to download and get everything you need?
Good morning. I'm calling to see if there's a branch near me? We're on vacation in Miami and I haven't seen one.
Yes, ma'am. I'd also like to check my balance.
yes. I'm calling today cuz I need to dispute a transaction on my account.
Is that OK with you? May I go ahead and cancel this card today?
Is there a way maybe possibly pay you know, like a fee of some sort to maybe get the card within twenty-four hours as of. I am needing to use it within the next day or two.
Well, I want to transfer money from my savings to my checking.
Much is. Is. Is left in that savings?
Yes, I was calling in. I wondered a couple things but first, I just wanna make a transfer from my savings account over to my my loan account.
Yes. actually, I want to dispute some charges.
just one more thing. is there any way that I can access this online as opposed, or on my phone, have to calling in all the time?
Hi Alysha. I was actually calling to check the balance on my account.
I also have another question. I would like to know if you can provide me with ATMs near my area?
Hi. My name is Larry Billups and I'm calling to see if you guys have a local ATM machine nearby that I can get to? I need to buy my Aunt Donna a birthday gift.
Yes, my name is Wilbur Johnson, and I'm trying to find my check account. And also the newest branch.
I just wanted to know my balance.
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I need some help with I need to send money to someone.
Actually, it wasn't the best, and it's part of the reason I'm calling. I planned a nice surprise dinner out for my husband and myself, my treat. But when I went to pay, my debit card was declined. So, he ended up paying for his own, surprise. It was very embarrassing. I need to check my last five transactions. I should have had enough to cover our dinner.
yes, hi I'm calling in I wanted to make a transfer from my checking account over to my savings account.
Hello Jannah. I'm calling to check my account balance please. My sister was in town last week for her birthday and I think I may have written down the amount of her birthday gift wrong. I just want to make sure I have my account balance properly.
OK and I could also could you also check the balance on my savings?
yeah, my wife, she she's been driving on some bad tires and she ran over a nail or something and and blew out a tire. So, I need to see if I've got enough money to buy some new some new tires.
Yes, I'm calling today about seeing if I can get a credit card.
But yes. I need a give up my check balance.
Yes. I would like to know my savings, please.
yes, I'm trying to find out what my account balance shows.
Hello. I'm trying to find my account number on the mobile banking app for Intellibye bye. How would I find that? I've been searching.
Oh yes. I see it. Thank you. Also, one more thing. I want to dispute a transaction on my account that was made on my credit card.
Oh, no. Not with traffic the way it is midtown. hey what's the nearest branch?
no, no. That's fine. That's fine. how late are you guys open till?
Well, I wanna open a checking account. I have a savings but I wanna open up a checking account.
Yeah I'mma go ahead and put about three hundred in there.
And it they should go directly within there. do you need your account balance?
Urgent. Said something about sweepstakes winner gonna be deposited in my account I just wanted to know how much did I get deposited?
Yes. My name is mister Johnson and I'm trying to figure out a charge on my account that I don't know if I actually, I did it or authorized it.
OK. Would you like me to update the address on your account?
yeah, I got this letter in the mail and it says something about a my checking account has overdrawn. And I want to know what that's about?
Well that's an option, if you could give me the link and I could go to it and set it up maybe.
Yeah so I checked my credit card account balance and I noticed there were some charges that just did not look familiar. I don't remember making those charges and I just wanted see if there is anything that we could do or you can help me.
So just a couple of so there has been a couple of charges that I do not remember. Could I just go ahead and get a new card sent out to me and just get this as you know.
OK. So I'll just go to the branch and the branch is gonna help me get a new credit card and you're going to freeze this account.
so you would need to dispute a transaction?
my name's Edward Elrick. Just calling in to get some information on some of my accounts.
Yeah I just wanted to check the balance on my account. Not sure how much I have. I need to go to the store get some stuff for my home. we're doing some renovation. I just wanna make sure I have enough before I go there.
is there anything that's pending on that? And do you happen to know what the balance of my savings is as well?
Oh OK. is there any way you can transfer three thousands from my savings to my checkings? I just wanna make sure I have enough.
Oh no no thanks right now. I I just don't have the time. I need to head to the store before they close and get what I need. but I might swing by later when I'm free. is there any way that I could also come into the bank and set it up if I need to?
Hi there. My name is Danny Burns. Can you can you tell me the balance on my account, please?
nevermind. like, can you just give me a couple nearby ATM machines? Can you guys help me with that? I've been driving around all day, and I'm tired.
my debit card was stolen and I'm not sure what I need to do.
Yes, please cancel it.
OK and will I get my money back from that transaction for the airline ticket?
yeah I need to update my email address in my personal information on my account.
Hello. This is Peter Davis. I want to make a money transfer. But all the banks are closed so I don't know what to do now.
I want to make wire transfer.
Hi Susan. this is Brian. I'm trying to find an an ATM near me.
Yes, ma'am. I'm calling cuz I need to make a wire transfer. Could you tell me please what are the fees.
yes I can't find any stores around here that would give me money off my credit card. Do you know any places that I can go to that would get me money off this card. you know what never mind. Just give me some addresses to some local branches I'll just find one myself.
All right sir and it looks like you don't have online banking with us. Would you like further information about that. That way if you need any other help about local branches or anything you could just look that up in your account, and then they'll be able to give you a little bit of information about those.
yes. I'd just looked at my account and there's a transaction that I don't recognize, so I I guess I I I guess I'm disputing it.
OK. by the way, I I I I want to just check on one thing. On my address I if you could check on that I may have used. I may have given you Dogwood Street. seven fifty-three Dogwood Street here in Phoenix. It's it's actually seven fifty-three Dogwood Road.
Could you could you give me a balance on that that checking account please?
I'd like for you to check my account balance.
I need to report a lost credit card.
yeah. I have a charge to dispute.
OK. A T and T. All right. What we're gonna do is we'll launch an investigation. it should take ten to thirty business days to get a result for you trying to see if we can find out exactly what went on there at A T and T right now, we'll lock the card, you know, so we can protect you from future fraudulent charges. Is that gonna be OK?
OK. Would you like me to transfer funds into another account while we have this account locked?
Oh my goodness I'm so sorry to hear that. If you would like I can actually help find an ATM close to you.
my name is Kyle Goodwin. G O O D W I N. And I need to find an ATM located close to my house.
OK. I. What. What. What's the daily draw. Withdrawal limit on that ATM card?
All right. I. I need. I need to do an a. An account balance on my checking.
. Yeah, my name is Joe Spring. I need to update some information on my account. Can you help me with that today? I've been so busy outside in this nice weather today. How's the weather there?
OK Mr. Spring. Let me confirm back your information you have provided me with so far. I have the first and last name as Joe Spring. Date of birth nine twenty-two nineteen eighty-one. Your ID number is one six nine eight five two. And the security question was the name of your first pet Toby. And your account number is six two two four zero four. And the type of personal information you're updating today is your address which is twelve twelve Main Avenue, Seattle Washington two nine eight nine nine. Mister Spring, I have updated your mailing address to your account successfully. Would you like any further information on how we can set up an account online for future updates?
Yes. I believe that it has been hacked. I keep getting random withdrawals. I would like to take the money from that account and put it in a different account, please.
Yes. Yes, there is one more thing I would like you to do for me I would like to know how much money is, you transferred from my savings?
I need to close that account and have it have it all transferred to another bank where I'm moving to with my partner.
Yeah. Could I have my balance?
You know would it be possible to just come in and get a cashier's check and that that might make it easier on everybody. I don't .
This is Jennifer Johnson. I just got this notice in the mail regarding a problem with my account. I don't know what's going on with that and I want to see if you can help me with that, please.
Well I I I need to actually make an internal transfer. And I didn't know how to go about doing so.
just a minute I don't have I don't recognize this transaction. Now that I have.
Hi Bernard, my name is Karen Brown. I would like to dispute a transaction.
Hi yes. I was calling today to see if you can help me find a branch location near my place of residence.
You know what I do apologize but that's not gonna work for me I need something that might be open a little later and maybe a little bit closer to my house. So can you just please help me find an ATM?
Well. OK. If I wanted to take money out of the ATM it's usually or at least with my other bank account I can take up to five hundred dollars a day.
yes. Hi Kayleen. My name's Andrea, and I was hoping you could tell me my balance?
Yeah. Actually, I have a question. Would it be possible for me to transfer money over from my savings right now with you?
Hi, Susan. I'd like to open a a new account at the bank.
Well, I don't know. it. Just to set it up? I actually I I think I'd like to move a thousand of that over in into the new account.
No. I was looking to transfer funds. To another account.
other than what I just go to the website and I can register there. Is is that all it takes?
yes. I also need to replace a debit card that I lost, but it's for another account.
OK great and while I have you can I check my account balance with you, please?
I've lost my card! I don't know if someone stole it. I don't know if I dropped it somewhere. I don't know but I I need to figure out how to shut it off. I don't want anyone to use my account. It's all gonna be drained and I don't have time to deal with this. What do I do?
Yeah, I had a couple of things I wanted to do today but first I just wanted to update my email.
Yeah, I actually found a different bank that has a higher interest for balances and I just wanted to transfer it over to them, still wanting to keep my loans and everything else that I have here. but the interest rate is like at four percent and that's much higher than I've seen anywhere.
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I'm actually calling back. I I called before to find a a ATM location near me. and I I don't know if the girl gave me the wrong name of the street or if I wrote it down wrong. I'm not sure, but I need a location of an ATM near me, please.
OK I definitely want to close it and I definitely want to transfer the money. I have a checking's account that I use pretty much on a regular basis, maybe daily. Anyway, I would like to put the money into that account.
Yeah, I need to check my balance on my checking.
Yeah, I was spent a lot more money. My my I just had a family member pass and you know I'm that hoping I get some money in the in the near future from that. And that's why I'm calling. cuz I wanna to see if there's like a limit on how much I can deposit into your account? my account with you.
Hi, Rose, my name is Kim, and I need to update some personal information on my account, please.
I have dispute the transaction.
OK, you will block the card, you will lock the card in order to protect me against from fraud, further fraud-like transaction?
is there a way you can check my savings account balance as well?
I want to open a new account today.
yes. I was calling to find a ATM. Near me.
I wanted to have a questions of, there's a Kenwood Mall. You think you have a bank near there?
Yes, you me get my balance of my savings.
Yes. I'd like to update my checking account information. Please.
Yes. We most definitely can set up a, a transfer over to your new account. all we would need for that is the, the deposit routing number, the account number, and the account type that you would like us to transfer.
Yes, hi. I'm calling in. My I wanna dispute some charges on my credit card account.
Good. All right. let's see here now. I do see that you do not have an online banking account setup. Would you like me to send you some information on how to set up an online banking, that way you can check your account balance. dispute transactions. Keep real-time eye on your transactions, so you know when things happen, you you can get information real-time and dispute it right there online from your computer or from the comfort of your mobile phone.
Yes. Can I update my personal information?
Hello I'm calling to transfer the main funds from my closing account to my other account.
Hi, my name is Sarah Smart and I'm calling to get the account balance on my checking account.
Could you check my savings account balance too, please?
Wow, that's quite a bit lower than I expected. Wonder can you check when the last withdrawal was?
Hi, Marie. I'm hoping you can help me get some info on where I can find a Intellibank branch near me. I haven't lived here long and don't know the area.
Yeah. I actually had one. so I have an auto loan and I set up the automatic payment but I haven't seen the payment come out of my chase account also wanted to know what's the new balance on the loan?
Yeah, my name is Bill Jones and I wanna make a wire transfer.
I received a notice about a rate increase but I was told by another agent this wouldn't happen until next year.
OK. I moved and I don't know what address you have me under, but I have a new address. And I think it's under my old address. I don't know what you have.
And I need the nearest branches you have. I need the nearest one to that new address.
is there anything else? Do you need to know your account balance?
I'm doing great. I've been outside enjoying this weather most of the day. My name is Kim. I I actually am calling to dispute a charge on my account. on my checking account please.
yes. I just wanted the account balance. For the checking account.
Yes, I need to check the balance on my savings account and checking account, please.
Well, I can tell you. Let's go back and look at the at the at your history of the account.
That makes perfect sense cuz I was also gonna update my personal information because we just bought a house obviously.
Yes. Could I please transfer some money from my savings to my checking account?
Yes. I'd like to have a transaction looked at. I think it might be fraud.
yes. Actually, like I think I'd like to transfer the rest of those funds from that account to my bank account that I have at Unity Bank. If that's possible?
I I want to do a wire transfer.
my name is Liam Payton. P A Y T O N and I see a funny looking charge on my checking account. Some sort of transaction that went through that that I don't know anything about.
yeah, I would and I also need to find an ATM around close to me.
Hi. My name is Emma Green. I called a few minutes ago. I think you were the one I talked to. Because I wanted to know the balance of my checking account.
Oh! Yes. Hi, my name is Beach. do you guys have any banking branch nearby? I called earlier today.
Yeah, I don't know. We got disconnected or something. Hey, you got an answer to that thing I asked you earlier about where the ATM was located?
Oh yes! Good afternoon darling. I was calling to see if you guys can update my personal information.
Oh I need to check the available balance in my account.
yeah. I need to transfer some money to my grandmother.
Hi, I was trying to figure out how to create an account online, but I'm having some trouble.
Well, actually, the reason I called is to check the balance on my account. Could you help me with that?
I'd like to update my address I believe when I opened the account I used the word Dogwood Road instead of oh excuse me. I used the word Dogwood Street. instead of Dogwood Road. when I set up my I used the word street instead of road when I set it up.
the I have another problem I noticed a transaction that I have no clue what it is. I looked at the company. I've it's not it's not anything I purchased.
OK. Give me a moment here. in order to create a dispute and ensure that your account isn't being used fraudulently we're going to have to lock the card.
And what do I do? Do you send me another new card? Or how does that work?
the I I think I'm OK. I Could you I I I assume it's self explanatory but I would like to be able to do all of this online. how do I? If you could just walk me through that.
I have some weird charges on there I never made. Not good.
Hi this is Bren Johnson I have a a checking account with y'all also savings account but I'm talking calling the savings the checking account. I have lost my debit card. I was I am hiking with my family. We're out in New Mexico. just notice like I had set up with y'all that I'd be out of the home state for a week but I'm hiking in New Mexico and I know it's I lost it, it wouldn't of should've of been stolen I I've been we been camping haven't been around enough people I haven't used it for the gas or anything so yeah I I lost it somewhere out here there there's no way I'm finding it.
there's. I have money taken of my account that I didn't that I did not do.
OK. So what we can do is we can transfer money over to another account, if you'd like while this investigation takes place and your account is locked so you have so you still have some funds. Would you like to do that?
OK great and can you just tell me now what the balance is in the in the savings since we just transferred that.
I need it transferred to my new checking account.
Hello. I got this notice in the mail regarding problem with my account. And not quite understanding what it's what it's for and just wondering if you can help me with it and any info would be great.
yes please. I really appreciate it. it's a possibility of maybe transferring it to another account.
yes. I need to check my Intellibank checking account balance.
All right sir. And can I interest you in setting up your online banking option today? So that you can check your account balance at your leisure in the future?
Yes sir. I have got your username here, unless you would like to provide me with one of your own. And then I will give you a temporary password that it will prompt you to change when you first log in.
Hi, I'm calling to get my account balance.
Huh. Now how. I don't have access to to that kind of thing online. Can we talk about how to make that happen?
no, if possible, could I update my email with you? That's an old one.
And I have some account at your bank. And what I need to do is to transfer some money from my checking account to my savings account. Can we do that on the phone?
I need to check my account balance.
yeah, but before you do that can you tell me the last transaction that was made?
Yes I'm having issues I'm trying to make a wire transfer.
yes. I need to check my account balance of my checking account and also my savings account.
and I need to check both of my balances.
Could you send me a list of my last ten transactions?
Can you send that to me in the email?
Yes my. My. My debit card's been stolen or lost. I cannot find it. And I was just wondering what what's the procedure from this step moving forward on making sure that no. No fraudulent charges are being done on my card.
Hi, Joe. my name is Stephanie. I am calling to just check the balance of my accounts.
OK. That's not bad. and I know I have bank credit card with you guys. What's the credit limit do I have on that?
OK thanks. I really just need an ATM.
Well, something on here has been pulled out for fifty-six dollars and seven cents and I can't quite understand what it's for. It's it's got A C Q S. I guess that's a store name or or something. and I didn't I didn't buy anything so and I don't know. maybe my wife bought something and I. It just looks weird to me.
Yes good morning. my name is John Meadows and I'd like to find the closest ATM to where I live.
OK that yeah no that sounds pretty close. Could you verify the balance in my checking account please?
yes, my name is John Meadows. And I'm currently a customer and I'd like to I recently moved. And I'd like to check on the nearest branch.
OK. I'm My new address is seven. And. And if you could update my.
OK, great. the You know, I'd like to set up an online banking option, also. This way, in case I can't go to the branch, or. Or meet one of those hours.
Could you do one and a last thing for me, please. Could you check the balance in my checking account?
actually, I I want to do a transfer so I want to check my balance and do a transfer. and my name is Claire. Claire Morrison. M O R R I S O N.
I have a question. Let me see here I am trying to do a wire transfer. I was trying to do it online and I kept getting stuck at one point so I figured I would just call and see if if you all could help me do it over the phone.
Yes, yes there is. I always wondered if I can check my account balance to my savings and checking?
OK. And you'd like me to close your Intellibank checking account and transfer the balance to this different checking account?
I wanna dispute a charge on my credit card.
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I was wondering if you could help me locate a nearest branch to me.
Oh OK. if it can be updated to my new address that's what I would like to do.
Oh OK. That That works great. That should be enough for me I think. and you said and are the ATM hours the same as the lobby hours there?
I did have one question for the online banking. Do I just go to I haven't signed up for it yet. do I just go to Intellibank dot com? to sign up with my like with my account number or something?
Yes, hello Laurie. I'm calling because I really need to find a branch and I'm a little frustrated. And I do apologize about this.
OK. And just in case for some reason I need to contact the actual branch can you give me the phone number?
And just in case you are interested we also have online banking. Would you like me to give you some information about our online banking?
yeah so I was calling just to check the account balance.
no that's definitely not my address. that must be my old address. I do have a new address.
OK well like I said, I'm a carpenter. And so I've got I've got my personal account and then I got my business account and usually I make my business expenses all out of the business account. My personal expenses I keep separate for tax purposes and and what have you, but I'm involved in this real big job that I haven't got paid on yet. But I'm gonna be paid on it real soon. And so I guess what I am trying to say is I need to kind of loan myself or loan the business some money temporarily cuz I got I got payroll coming up and I got some real good workers for me. I don't know if you ever worked, you know this type of construction but they work hard and they need to get paid on time and so, so what I'm gonna do since the business account is running short, is I wanna loan myself some money, or am loan the business some money. And so, that's that's why I'm saying this I try need to try to get twenty-five hundred dollars out of my personal account and into my business account is basically what I I'm kind of a personal loan is what I'm saying, or a business loan from from my personal account.
Yeah. It's I'm disputing a charge on my savings account.
yes this is Dan Thomas T H O M A S. And my son needs some new tires on his car and I'm trying to figure out how to get him some money.
Hi Cassie. I'm calling because I received this offer by email about receiving two hundred and fifty dollars when you open a new checking account with you guys.
My name is Anastasia Hoffman and I need to check my account balance, please.
Well, I wanna setup the dispute but I also want to setup a dispute with my son.
Yes, I may need to change my email address.
I want to update my billing address.
Yeah. Please, can you help me to check my account balance?
Yeah, I'd like to to change my credit card. Can you do that immediately?
yeah. My wife she's been writing checks like crazy. And. And. I just need to to find out how we stand with our checking account.
All right. I have asked my supervisor and he said that that yes I can waive that fee this this time as you are planning on rectifying the situation immediately. And And that I would also encourage you would. If you would like to be setup with online banking. where you can have alerts in case an issue like this were to arise in the future.
All right sir I can certainly do that for you. Let me go ahead and take care of that transfer. I do see your savings account that you have with us. And it looks like there is an available balance there of nine hundred and sixty-two dollars and eleven cents. would you like to use a portion of that balance to rectify the negative balance on your checking account?
So you would like open a new account at this bank?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I need some help please I am trying to do a wire transfer to send some money to a friend.
Yes actually. What's the maximum daily limit I can withdraw from an ATM.
OK do I have a daily spending limit on my account?
Well I might want to remove that limit today. I'm at my sister's and we were gonna do some early Christmas shopping.
Yes, I will be depositing money into my husband's account.
Yes, everything sound correct. But I will also would like to know what is my balance on my account.
I want to open up a. A new account.
Yeah, I'm a go ahead and put about three hundred in there to get it started and have some money in there.
That's awesome. Well, my name is Kim and I was calling actually to try to get some help locating an ATM near me.
I see. And is there. so is that? Is it just a standalone ATM or is there a branch there with it? Cuz I do need to to go into into the bank this this coming week actually.
OK. Well, thank you so much. I really appreciate it. while I have you is it possible to check my my account balance?
I did wanna ask you for the for the ATM what is the daily withdrawal limit?
Good morning. I'm calling because I want to transfer some money from my checking account to my son's checking account. His truck broke down and I'm out of town.
May I check my balance first?
And then I need to transfer the remaining funds of my savings account to a checking account.
yes. I'm calling because I need to find a branch in my location.
Also, I would like to move money from one account to the other. I am planning a a trip to the park and I would like a view of the city. How you even been to Great. Have you ever been to Great Yellow Park?
yeah it says something about raising your ATM fees again.
Are you wanting to transfer this to another institution?
Is there any way to expedite that?
Yes I oh my goodness. I wouldn't even know what I would do if I didn't have the cash on me and then have that credit card. And that does catch many people by surprise. Well the great thing about the travel card like I said is you get no fees and anytime you use an ATM you have the fees rebated back to you as well. And we will give you that six digit PIN to use while you're overseas and as an added major the travel card also has the chip in it. can I get you signed up for that today sir? There are no service charges to that.
Yeah please. And then after you do that, maybe you can walk me through how to to get online get registered.
maybe just what what I need to get an online account so I could check it especially overseas I it'd be hard to call all the time.
And transfer the money from that to my checking.
OK, so closing the savings account. And are you wanting to transfer that balance then into your checking account?
Well, Rose I am, actually, looking for an ATM near me. I am out and about and I am having horrible cellphone coverage today so I'm trying to find an ATM actually not too far from where I am at home. but the one I used to go closed so I need some help finding another ATM.
and I'd also like to know the lobby hours of the the locations that you find. Lobby and ATM hours.
That is wonderful. That is way to look on the positive side of that. I like it. Well Rose, I'm calling. Excuse me, sorry about that. I'm calling today because I had just logged online to my to my bank account and I noticed something on my statement that I didn't recognize.
Hi. I need to get my balance.
Sometime soon, I just didn't know if I was talking with someone I can make an appointment with or if I needed to call someone else. I would like to do this all online I just don't know how to set it all up.
Could you see my savings account balance.
Thank you. I also need to make a wire transferral.
No, not this one. This was from Amazon Prime and I never signed up for anything with them.
And we will go head and give you a new credit card to and we'll go head and cancel that one so there's no more charges that are wrong on there.
So, Intel Bank will send me a new card and I should have it within a week.
Yes. My name is Mitchel Michael. And I like to open up a new account.
OK, and would you like to have checks with this account as well?
Hi, yes. I'm calling to open an account please.
Yes, actually you can help me find a branch.
yes, I need to check my checking account balance and also my savings account balance.
All right sir, would you like me to set you up with online banking so that you can check your balances at your leisure in the future?
OK. can we set that two-factor authentication can we go ahead and set that up today?
I'm Jim Andrews. I'm calling I, I, I'm having a transaction dispute. .
Yes. Can I check my saving account, please?
Yes, ma'am. Can I check my auto loan?
Hi I'd like to update my phone number on my account. and I'm just slow. I could you could help me?
Where is the bank located here?
Do they have any ATMs too?
Is there parking at the downtown bank?
I have a problem with my account. I'm looking, I bought a rug and it was nineteen ninety-nine but on my bank statement it's saying twenty ninety-nine and I'm just wondering why. Did somebody, you know, put it in wrong or what because it it's not twenty ninety-nine. It's nineteen ninety-nine.
Someone. I lost my credit card or someone stole it and I need to talk to somebody.
So, can you tell if the Dollar Tree was the last charge on the card? Hopefully nobody else has been using it.
Will you cancel that charge, too? I won't get charged for that, will I?
I, I really can't find my card. I don't know if it is stolen or I misplaced it or what exactly the problem is. But I was out I think all day yesterday, really really busy and then I just go home and then I couldn't find the card anymore. Like, I don't know what happened. Yeah.
Would you like me cancel the card?
I will forward. OK, I just forward you the details you need to the checking account OK, checking account Would you like me issue another card for you Mister Billy?
I'd like to report my credit card stolen or lost.
Yes, please. I need you to check my balance on my card.
Hi, Susan. this is Justine and I need to do a wire transfer to another company. To a company that I don't know if they're your customer or not but, I need to do a wire transfer.
Oh, right. Yeah, sorry. I was in the middle of just chit chatting. It's so loud in here. It. Would. Is there a nearby branch?
yep, I can definitely help you with that. I can also let you know of the closest ATM
yes, my name is Dan Thomas and I called the other day about an issue I had on my savings account. I had requested that it be closed and the funds transferred to my checking account. And I need to check the balance of my checking account to see if that money has been transferred.
yes. Hello. I'm Pauline. I'm a customer with you guys and I have an account there. I actually have a checking account and actually, I'm calling to dispute a charge that I see online can can someone help me with that?
actually I actually I would like to check my my savings account real quick. I haven't looked at that in a while. Can can you check on that for me real fast, and just tell me what the balance is?
yes and no. Would there be anyway I could get that like quicker or?
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I have. I need to update actually my telephone number on my account and I was wondering if I could do that with you?
well, I'm trying to update my phone number, but I actually do need to check my my account. balance?
yeah, I received a notice in the mail about something being wrong with my account and I need to figure out what it is what happened how I need to fix it. I I don't know.
OK. Excellent. Thank you Ms. Crystal. And while I got you on the phone I see it's been a little bit since you've authenticated your account here. Would you like to add a PIN number to your account for security reasons?
Hi. I have a charge on my card and I don't recognize it. I need help.
OK. And you said you were checking the account balance?
That ain't gonna be enough. Can I open a credit card?
John, we do offer express mail. Would you like me to express that? All right John, so you'll have to be home tomorrow to sign for it. is that possible?
Oh! Yes, I wanna check my account. no, never mind. what do I do about a a stolen card? I let my friend borrow it and she never returned it.
All right. So we can actually report that card as stolen. It'll have to be canceled, and we'll have to Issue you a new card in a mailer. Usually, it takes about five to ten business days, will that be all right?
yes, it's my savings account. Three five seven two five seven nine four seven dash one. And can you go ahead and tell me my my balance on my savings and also my checking, please?
Oh, perfect . Can you gimme the the the balance on my credit account?
Yes and I'd also like to know what that what that balance was.
Hi. Yeah. So I was just trying to, check my checking account balance. I wanted to see, what amount I had.
No. That's OK. it should hit in, in a couple of days. But since I do have you on the phone. Could you tell me my, my second savings account balance in there? I don't think it's much. But I think, yeah, I'm not too sure how much I have in there. Can you just remind me really quick what's the savings account?
go. You know what, go ahead and just tell me the regular savings account balance. I mean might as well since I have you on the phone, and I'm writing this down. I already got the checking. And I got the second savings, and what's the amount for the first the original savings account that I have.
Well anyways I was hoping you can. I need to update my street address on my savings account.
Hi. My name is Ashley and I wanted some information on opening a new account.
So with that being said I just have a couple more questions for you. OK, would you like to open a savings account today?
OK. OK. No worries. No worries. OK so you're account has been fully set up. Would you like me to help you with the online portal?
Hi Wes. I was just calling because I found a transaction in my checking account this morning. It shows that I spent about seventeen ninety-five last night, but I I didn't use my card anywhere.
Oh. OK. Would you want to check your account balance then today?
I hope it's not too late but my account was frozen at Wells Wells Fargo and so I guess I need a new bank.
yes. I've lost my phone last week on a trip to Florida. I was down there for my daughter's wedding. I just received a new phone and would like to update my number on file please.
All right, sir. I have updated your account information for you. Is there anything else you need any help with? Would you like more information on online banking? That way if you have a problem like this in the future you can just update that information yourself.
Say love. OK, can I check my balance when we're done?
Hi this is Julie Williams. I'm calling to check a balance on my account.
Oh, OK. Can I transfer two hundred dollars from my savings to my checking account?
yes. I'm trying to find out if there's an ATM close to me somewhere?
Yes, please. Also can you tell me my last transaction?
That's hilarious. Well. I I'm calling today. I actually I was online. And I was trying to. You know. Figure out the whole situation online and and get setup and everything. And I was having a problem because I don't know if it was your website or my internet service. I didn't notice having an issue earlier when I had tried to search something on Google but but regardless. I was having a problem doing anything online so. I though I'd give you a call. and see if you could help me out. I am trying to open an account.
yes. I need to check the my checking account balance.
OK. I got another question for you. does my checking account does it earn any interest?
Hi Mark. My name is Dorothy Lee. I would like to check my savings account balance.
OK. Yeah. I I see that, that will be cleared in two days. So if you'd like, you could would you like to transfer some money from another account to help cover this?
Yes. I need to speak to someone about. Well, I've lost my debit card.
OK. So it does really look like these are yours. Your transactions so far. So let's do it this way. let's go ahead and cancel your card.
OK. So I'm gonna update my new address then.
could you possibly transfer that balance to a new account at a new bank for me?
Well, can you tell me are they going to email me something that's showing that that checking account is closed? So that I know and have proof that it's been closed.
Oh yeah I habye bye, I have one more I need help finding the nearest ATM near me. And I also need help finding something that's kind of farther away. If that's possible?
actually I'd like to open a new account.
Wonderful. And all right so that is all that we need to establish the checking account for you. would you like any additional information on setting up online banking with us?
yes. My name is Ben Kendall. K E N D A L. And I need to find the nearest branch.
what hours is the branch open?
Yeah just to check the account balance for the checking first.
Perfect. OK that's great. And can you go ahead and check the savings for me too?
OK great. And do you have any like instructions as how I can like log in? Cuz I made a login before but
yeah well not to check the balance online. I think I just made I think I made like an account when I made a loan through you guys cuz I've got my car loan with you guys but I guess I need a new login or where do I go? Do I just go to the Intellibank dot com?
yes I'm looking at my statement, and looks like I've got a charge on my statement that I do not recognize.
No problem, and did you want to go ahead and have me tell you your current balance?
Yes I I have a disputes transaction.
OK madame this is what we need to do. We try to investigate this issues but first thing we need to lock the card to protect against any further fraudulent transaction. Do you understand my points now? First I first need to lock the card to protect any further fraudulent transaction. Do you understand? I will try to investigate your matter. It will take us like two weeks, two weeks before we can get back to you for the issue. Do you understand? Please before you go can you give me your mobile number mobile number so that I can get back to you.
OK, so I'm calling as regarding a dispute on my account. On my credit card, sorry. So I'm hoping you can help me with that.
OK. Another, please. Can you help me pull up my account? I want to check for my balance.
I lost my card.
yes hi. I just got a notice in the mail. I'm just checking to see what it's about.
Yes, and by the way can I transfer money from my checking to my savings if that's possible?
Hi, this is John Smith. I'm calling to check on my bank account. my balance in my checking account.
OK. So you give me a second I'll update your your information.
Hey, Izumi. My names Edward Elric. just calling in cuz I have a big problem today. I was at the I was at a couple of stores with my wife buying supplies for a house and I think I lost my card. I can't remember when I lost it since we were at one of the stores. My wife actually used one of her cards to get the store points that they offer. don't know if it was before then or after. I think it was after because we went to go eat somewhere there. just calling in to get some help.
Hi, yeah, I was calling to just check my account balance and make sure that it's the correct amount that I have here.
Yeah let's just go ahead and transfer over, let's say, four thousand dollars, just so we can kinda have a good safety cushion in the savings account. So can you help me with that?
Oh I'm sorry, did I say four thousand? I actually only wanted two thousand. Is there any way that you can transfer two thousand back?
yes. My name is Dan Ryland, R Y L A N D. And I need to transfer some money between my checking account to my savings account.
OK. can you tell me the closest ATM to my address?
yes I'm gonna need some new tires on my car and and and checking to see where I can get the money. I have a savings account and I have a checking account and I think I need to transfer some money out of my savings to my checking to be able to buy the tires. I'm not sure.
Eight zero one one. on second thought, just let me check the balance of my checking account. I may have enough money in there to buy those tires.
Can you set up online banking for me?
Hi, yeah. I was actually just calling to see my checking account balance. I just wanna be sure I have the correct amount.
No, but since you are on the phone, let me get my credit card and if there's any way that you can provide me my credit limit.
I'm doing all right. I'm calling about. I wanna make a dispute on a charge on my card.
OK. And I also wanna do a quick transfer between my two accounts, please.
Oh how wonderful. Well, in that case. I I want to open an account with Interbank.
Hi, I need to do a wire transfer.
Do I have any money in my savings account?
OK, can we transfer money from my savings account to my checking then?
yes can you send me file in the mail?
Two zero four six nine six nine. And what's the hours of that branch, please?
OK, and do they have a drive up there, or is it just the lobby?
Well, we can go back through your history if you'd like.
mhm can you tell me what's the closest of your ATMs machines next closer to that that little store there that I.
we need to transfer some money internationally.
No. Actually can you let me know please give me the balance of on my checking account?
Things have been really really difficult and, you know, we've been we've been trying to hold onto this savings account, but you know, it's becoming more expensive cuz we're getting charged when our balance is below, you know, the hundred dollars so, We we we just can't afford it right now. So we have to cancel it and I'm hoping. I think there's like fifty-two dollars or something like that in there and I'd like to transfer that over to to my checking as well.
So far. Listen, I called and spoke with Natalie earlier about opening a new account, but didn't have all the information available. Is she available, ma'am? Or can you help me?
OK. when will I receive my checks?
Hi yeah, my card my credit card has been stolen. I I may have lost it. I am I am unfriendly in Chicago right now. I am on vacation with my family. I may have just lost it. but we I we I'm one hundred percent. I'm like ninety-nine percent sure it has been stolen. I'm pretty sure have traced my steps I'm pretty sure it's gone it's stolen. I'm pretty sure.
Alright, would you like to report your card stolen Lost or stolen and then I can issue a new one?
Well, I'm looking to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
Nope? Never heard of it? OK. Yep. It's on twenty-second East Boulevard, and that is the bank of High Dollars. if you'd like to search that location one point three miles away from you. and there is a dollar ninety-nine fee there. Convenient fee at that location. I'm not sure if that's OK for the ATM fee. I know sometimes you can find locations that are free for that charge. but at this location, there is a fee of one one dollar and ninety-nine cents. OK. But would you like further information about how to find ATMs in your location using our online banking tool?
Hi, yes I'm calling because I need to know if you can help me find A T M that's near my location?
sure and if while you're at it if you can also please give me the phone number, just in case I get lost.
yes, this is Will Preston, and I need to locate a close ATM.
OK, that's better does it have an ATM located at the branch?
Can you check my checking account balance for me, please?
I'm well also. The reason I'm calling is to find out how to reset my password for online banking.
Thank you. I dropped my phone, it broke and I had to get new a new phone and I forgot all my passwords. Also, I have a charge on my credit card statement I didn't make. Can you help me?
Hi, I needed help with my to find out my account balances.
You're kidding. There's gotta be a faster solution for me.
Yeah. I need to wire some money.
Yeah. That'd be fine. I'd be OK with that. How much is in there?
Yes and my name is AJ and I'm trying to figure out where's the nearest branch in my area?
Well I need to get a balance on my checking account.
You know I have heard of banking on the net, I'm really not by a computer very often. Now if you guys had an app where I could put it on my phone, that would be great.
Actually you know what, I was thinking there is. I have changed my email address and I don't think I gave it to you all.
Is there an issue with my account and is it possible to stop receiving letters in the mail.
So yes let's check the balance and while you're doing it please take a look to see if there's any indication or notice on in of some sort of issue. Whatever.
I would like to check my checking account balance, please.
I need to report it as lost.
What'll I need to do to cancel the card and get a new one?
Hi Rose my name is Kim and I am calling to check my account balance please.
Hi, I'm calling to get my account balance.
No, I don't have any other accounts but I do wanna learn about some online banking, other options to look up my accounts.
OK. Well, is there anyway you could move some money around for me before we hang up?
oh oh before we do that I do need to ask you. What's that balance right now?
OK yeah, I'm just gonna go ahead and I wanna can I get a cashier's check for part of that and have it mailed to me?
five hundred and then we're gonna transfer the rest to my new joint account.
Yeah. It's for two hundred and fifty, three days ago. Do you see anything else that's came out in the last six days? Because I didn't even find it until today, so I haven't used it in six days.
do, is there like a confirmation number or anything that I'll get for this this transaction?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have a question about my account. I see a charge on it that doesn't look right to me. I don't recognize it.
Hi my name is Helen Clark. I'm calling because well I'm. I wanted to transfer some money from my. One of my accounts to the other.
Hi, this is Peter Davis and some shop took money from my account and the purchase I did not make.
I need to go to the ATM. I need to find one and get some cash out and I don't know where to find one.
OK. Let's do that. How much money do I have in my account?
OK. There we go. Yeah. I was I was a little thrown off. OK. Thank you. I was trying to find a nearest ATM You know, again, I the I go to ATMs and I get charged a service fee. I was trying to find one in my area where I don't get charged a service fee.
Yes, my name is Sean Johnson and I need to do a wire transfer.
Hi, so actually I was just calling in to check my account balance. my checking account balance, actually.
OK. So a couple things probably just did not post yet so no that's OK. But since I do have you on the phone, is there anyway that I can just bother you to check my savings account number? savings account amount. Since I do have you on the phone.
This is Laura Winters and I would like to open an account for my grandson.
well yeah, if I could just go ahead and make the payment now, that'd be perfect. And then I can just do the online account for next time.
Well, what I can do for ya, is at the end of the call or before we end the call, I can go ahead and send you an email with the step by step instructions on how to set up the online banking. And as well as frequently ask questions on how to transfer from one account to another. How to transfer to an external account. How to make an auto loan payment or a loan payment. How to check for ATMs near you. you mm, there's many useful you know, questions you could be answered with that. Information I'm going to send you.
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I am actually I just moved not too long ago and I have just heard about your bank. About Intellibank. And I was trying to inquire about you know, getting started with you all.
So, now that I have this information from you, is there do ybye bye, would you like me to help you set up an, your online account? Is that something you'd like to do today?
Well thank you. Hi this is Laura Winters and I have a I have a checking account at your bank and I would like to open a new account for my granddaughter. she is so clever! This granddaughter of mine. She can bake and even though she's only eleven she makes cheesecake and not just cookies and cakes. Eleven years old! Can you believe that? And making cheesecake.
yeah. And and when I get to the ATM , how much can I use how much can I take out for the what is it called? Money or money removal? Is that.
Is that a busy one or is that all kind of offices out the way.
Hi Maya, this is Loren again. we just spoke about the suspicious charge on my credit card.
Hi George. My name is Angela Garcia. I'm calling because I want to send some money to my friend who lives in Australia. and I wanted to know which is the best way to do that.
OK fantastic. Now in the future we also have options for online banking if you would like to send funds more conveniently in the future. would you like any more information about that before I go?
Oh I was wondering where your nearest branch location is?
yeah actually I was thinking of opening up a savings account.
yes. I'm calling in regards to you know, finding a branch so I can open an account.
I'm gonna transfer money out of my savings account to this new checking account.
OK, well I was calling today to check my account balance please.
I've I've misplaced my card. I can't find it.
That's correct. Can you go ahead and lock the card where it can't be used?
of course, sir. I can I can lock that card down and we'll go ahead and issue a a new card. for you. So that card will no longer be associated with this account. And you'll just need to put that new card information on anything that you may have automatic billing using that card or subscription services with that card. And you can expect that new card in the mail in seven to ten business days.
good deal. I believe I talked to you the other day. I was having an issue with my checking account. I was seeing if one of my deposits has been deposited and and I you helped me with that issue, so, I need to check my account balance for my checking account, please.
OK. That sounds great. can you tell me if the if my checking account receives any interest?
yes, hello. I'm calling to I have a I have multiple accounts in this bank but I'm calling about my credit card today. I have a charge that I need to dispute.
Hi, yeah this is Barry Allen yeah I have a I'm seeing a purchase on my transaction history for over three hundred for three hundred dollar over three hundred dollars for two new tires from Walmart I did not get two new tires. Now I've called before. Because I saw a transaction but it just for for for some groceries and I and I didn't think much of it. I thought, OK, someone got my info and you guys sent me a new card, so but I know card changed anything. But now, it's happened again, I'm assuming in the same and it's in the same area. So did you guys not change my info? On y'all's end?
You know what, it's fine. It's fine. I I I got it I wrote it down. I wrote it down. It's fine. OK. I'm keeping track of this. If this happens again, it's your ass. OK. so what are you gonna do? Are you gonna send me a new card?
Well it didn't help much last time. Are y'all just gonna freeze this one for now? Can I just take out some cash and y'all can just freeze this for now?
almost. I need to dispute this transaction I found for Piggly Wiggly.
I'm calling again regarding my account balance. I called earlier but was put on hold so I hung up.
Would you like me to show you how to check your account balance through our online app?
hi. I need to send some money to my mother.
All right. And would you like to know the operating hours of that branch, sir?
well, that's why I'm calling. I wanna change my email. Update my email.
hi, I called earlier about my checking account count balance but I forgot to write it down so I'm calling to see about my checking account.
Myra, I'm hoping you can help me find out a few things. I just can't figure out these darn statements I'm getting nowadays. They're so complicated. Like I'm trying to find the balance and no luck.
Yes. I need to speak to someone about a credit card purchase that I did not make.
Yes. My name is Nat Williams and I got update my address.
Hi. Yeah. I I unfortunately need to change my address.
Oh, no. I am so sorry to hear that. I can definitely help you with ordering a replacement card.
Yeah my name is Steve Jackson I'm calling to report my card lost.
How may you help me? Do you know how long I've been trying to get you guys on the phone? I mean that's not right, I mean if you guys don't know that this this this the kind of thing that makes people get angry. If you know you want to work at the bank and you want to keep our money. You make yourself available and and and and Oh right now I'm not really in a good mood to like talk because right now I'm so so so angry. The last bank I did my transaction with was crazy. I mean, you know, you why you'd? You know what? This is a new bank, right? Let me see what you guys got. I want to open an account with you people. How do I go about that, please?
Yes. My name is Ty Jones, and I'm trying to figure out my checking balance, my my my bank account.
Yes, my checking account. I'm also trying to figure out the nearest ATM where I'm located.
Yes, hi. My name is Wu, and I'm calling in. I'm traveling from work, and I just. I'm trying to find an ATM , so I can pull out some cash. And they just They gave us our per diem which is fine but, we per diem has to be used from work. And I smoke, unfortunately, and I really need a pack of cigarettes, so I'd really like to get me some cash It's cuz they got a they got a cigarette machine over here at the hotel I'm staying at and I'd really like to use some cash to get it. But I don't know where there's any ATMs at.
well, that'd be perfect. All right. Yeah. can you go ahead and send that to me?
yes. This is Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And I'm looking at my bank statement and I see a charge to my account that I do not recognize.
Well I'll be. I can't find it. It's it's not in my wallet. I don't know what happened to it. . Somebody must have stolen my card.
yes I'm wanting some information about your savings account interest.
was thinking about opening a savings account and I was wanting to know the interest rate rate that was paid.
Oh. OK. Well. I think I'll pass on that Can I get you to check the balance of my checking account for me please?
Well I might need to order some checks pretty soon.
yes. I need to find an ATM close to where I am.
OK. I also need to find a branch to actually go into physically to handle a few things about a loan.
perfect. Perfect. Thank you so much. Are you sure that balance is right?
I've got a checking account and I've got a question about my savings account. It. It. It doesn't draw very much interest, I don't think. I don't what the interest rate is. Do you know what it is?
Hi there my name is Robert Meeks. And I'm calling today to to try to find a couple branches. that are near me.
Well, I don't think. Well, since we're talking, can I go ahead and just check my balance? In my account, please?
Hi, I'm calling cuz I have my credit card stolen.
OK. I can help you with that. So you're you're asking to cancel the credit card?
Now are you gonna give me a chip card because all the other cards that I've got in the past were chip were not a chip card. They're just a scan card so I think the chip cards are a lot more security.
Absolutely Mr. Pearce. Well, I believe we can do a wire transfer for you. Either directly to the repair shop or into your daughter's account and that will make those funds available immediately.
OK. Yes, but I also noticed something. I have a some charges here on my phone. from from my accounts. You know, I just found out that you guys have been charging me. I don't know what's this charge is all about you know, so can you explain that to me, please?
Hey Susan. I I I moved and I gotta tell you where. you know. I moved my address. My address changed.
Such a frustration and so I know I hate. You know I got you on the phone. I wonder if we could get a bank. My bank balance. My my credit card. My not credit card. My checking account balance.
Hi, Joe. I called last week and I wanted to check my checking account balance and they said it was nine hundred dollars but when I checked today it was six hundred and I wanted to see what happened. What was the difference.
Oh OK. That actually makes sense. so I'll definitely do that. Moving forward I'll. I'll take a look and try to get the app and see if I can keep an eye on my balances but while I do have you on the phone, could I ask for another favor and for you to check my savings account balance?
Hi, I just recently moved to Kansas City and I'm trying to find a banking branch nearby. Could you help me with that?
OK, I won't be able to do that. I just I just have one more really quick question if you don't mind. I just wanted to know, does that Runner Road location have an actual drive-through?
I actually am interested in opening a checking account with you guys. I'm trying to open up another account and possibly close my checking account with Chase.
hi Rose. My name is Kim and I'm calling for help. I just wanted to check my account balance please.
This is Jennifer Johnson. I would like to update my phone number today.
Oh, OK, at least I can get that. I need to check my checking's account balance.
Yes, what was the last deposit amount?
OK, sir. do you need help with online banking? Is that something you would need help with?
Just go ahead and put it all in the money market account. And can you confirm the current total balance on the savings account I'm closing?
Hi, I was wondering if you could tell me what my balance is?
Actually I need something else. Could you help me make a internal transfer between two accounts? I'd like to withdraw money from the checking account I just gave you and my savings account.
Hello. Sorry about that. Yeah. I was wondering about. Well, I moved and we're a little bit out of the country. And I was wondering, we need to find some ATMs in my area. And I have a couple other questions about regarding that as well.
What is my withdraw limit for the for the days? A two hundred, five hundred or thousand or.
OK. OK. Can I raise that?
I'm John Andrews. I'm calling to replace my lost card.
Yeah. Get the card blocked.
OK. I'll send it to your address that you registered with the bank with. Is that OK with you, sir?
Hi Rose, my name is Kim. I am a new customer actually and I'm looking to open up an account with you guys.
And let's see here. And I'm going to send out your checks to you in the mail on this address that we have for you. And would you like any further information about setting up online banking in order to access your account balance in the future?
I did want to ask you about some some local branches. having some brain fog. where some local branches are and their the hours.
Well I got my account statement and I don't recognize the transaction.
Oh thank you and I need to pick a bank and open a new bank account.
Oh OK I just picked up the first phone that it came up on Google. Where are you exactly located so I can see like how far are you from me?
Yes I need to check my savings account.
I would like to open up a new checking account.
All right, I've already set up that account for you it should be active right away. the security information is already processed if you would like I can give you more information about online banking. You can set up that account online that way you can you know, access your account and set up anything, and check it whenever you're ready.
yes, how much do I have in that account?
Hi there. I would like to send money to my friend.
I am driving around and I'm trying to locate one of your branches.
I need to deposit a check.
Can you hold on and lemme see if I can download the app?
Hi. I would like to transfer money from my checking to my son's checking, please.
Oh, thanks. what I'm looking for, I need to find the nearest ATM.
Wait, what's the limit I can take out?
Well yeah you know what. While I got ya here on the phone and since you saved me so much time, can I go ahead and update my mailing address? I've recently moved.
I would like to check the balance in my brand new checking account.
Yes. can you also email or me my statement?
Absolutely! is there a way for me to sign up for for those services?
Hello, this is Rod Curtaine and I would like some information on my account balance.
I was out of town last week on a work trip, and I used my card at a bunch of different places when I came home Monday this week, I was balancing my account into my expense reports and I noticed that there was a charge on my card that I'm pretty sure wasn't me.
OK. That makes sense. But with the information that you've given me it does seem like your card may have been compromised and we will need to cancel that card and send you a new one.
Hello, I just moved and I thought there was a branch nearby but it's a different bank. Trying to locate an Intellibank close to my new home.
seven five three Dogwood Street, Phoenix, Arizona eight five oh oh three. And then that's the address I gave you, but I'd like to correct it if I may. And it's not Dogwood Street. It's Dogwood Road.
Would you and then will you email me this transaction? How. How will I get the update? Do I?
Hi, I'd like to my account balance.
can I also check my savings?
I like to transfer money from my checking account to savings. My new savings. My new savings account.
The what could you just verify now? Can you give me the new balance on the checking account?
Hi Robert. My name is Jessica Brown. I would like to make a wire transfer.
Yeah, you can can you tell me which is the balance of my savings account?
Yes, sir. I wanna update my phone number and I wanna also make sure that I have the correct address on my account. Will that be OK?
Oh yeah. It. It says up here that I spent six hundred and eighty-eight dollars at Dave's Jewelry Now, I. I don't even know who Dave is and or his jewelry, and I did not spend this money.
yeah. Can you give me the address of the nearest branch?
hi. I would like to make a withdraw from my savings account and I need to put money in my Christmas account.
OK. Seven one three eight, seven one three zero one one two three is the savings account I want to canbye bye. And can you tell me how much is in that account?
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have a question, please. I actually need to make an internal transfer from my account to my mom's account.
Hello. I'm a customer to your bank. My name is Sarah. I want to report about my stolen card.
Of course, yes. Once you block that one, I want to get a new card that I'll be able to withdraw. I need a new card.
Hi there, Rory. I'd like to make a transfer from my savings account to my checking account.
Yeah, that's correct. now can you let me know the balance of those accounts after the transfer?
yeah, why don't we go ahead and update my email address?
All right, great. I've got that as K E L L Y underscore W O L F oh seven at Gmail dot com. also, wanna ask can I send you some information on how to set up online banking? I noticed, Miss Wolf, you don't have an online banking account and if you want to get involved with NFTs, that might be something that will assist you in these transfers in the future.
I need to check my my account balance.
no, but I do need to transfer some money out of my savings into my checking. I had a little unexpected expense.
Oh by the way, the reason I called. I'm locked out of my my online my app and the website, which is why I didn't do the transfer that way. Is there is there any way you can help me to reset that password?
Hello, Carly. I'm calling to find an Intellibank branch located near me.
OK. Oh no problem. OK and you wanted to check your bank account balance, correct?
Yes. Can I check my savings account, please?
yes. I would like to know what would be the balance on my savings account once the checking account balance is transferred. What would that be?
actually actually, yeah, there is. I actually have a credit card through you guys and I I've just been kinda making payments on it. But I haven't really looked at the details. Is there any way you can give me the. My. The balance I have on that credit card?
Yeah. I need to report my card. Lost or stolen.
Sorry. I forgot to also ask you. Tiffany, right? Can you check my balance as well?
It looks like unfortunately, I won't be able to process your lost or stolen card report. cuz I need to have your ID number on that and I'm unfortunately also not able to check your balance of your account as I'll also need some form of ID what you can do is you can go in to your nearest branch and they would be happy to help you to fill up the form and be able to tell you what your account balance is. I can certainly give you the closest address if if you would like.
You know I don't think so you know Let me see here. Let me look at me list. Oh Is there parking near the branch or is that something because I know with Britain you have to park on the streets. Am I going to have to pay to park to go in there?
I I think I lost my card.
Hello. Good morning. I'm calling to report a missing credit card.
OK. Would you like us to replace a card?
Hi, Jim. My name is Sally. And I'm just trying to figure out where there's an ATM that's fairly close to my house.
Yes, I'm calling to see my balance. I wanna know about my balance.
Yeah something I'm questioning cuz yeah I noticed that my account dipped by eight thousand dollars and I was just wondering what is that purchase cuz I didn't authorize that purchase. I didn't make that purchase.
Oh that's fine you can rush it. I appreciate that.
hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have some I have a question. I need some help, please. I am trying to I have. I just saw a overdraft it looks like that my checking account is about to have online. I was on there just trying to check my balance and it looks like a charge came through and has me a couple of dollars in the red. So I wanted to take some money from my savings and cover that, and I was wondering if you could help me with that.
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I need to make a wire transfer and I'd like some help with that, please.
Hi, I was just calling to ask a question about my bank account. I received this notice in the mail that there had been a a change that I wasn't expecting.
Well if that's the case can you possibly give me more information on the on opening a savings account with the bank?
Yes I called earlier to see if you could see any pending deposits on my account. I was just wondering if you could check my account balance for me.
Actually yes. Could you also give me the balance on my savings account too? I'm sorry.
OK, could you also tell me what the last deposit and last withdrawal was on the account too?
Yes my name is Mack Wilson and I Yeah I need to update my email. I almost forgot why I called. It's silly but I got distracted my dogs are barking but I need to update my email on my accounts.
Oh, I'm sorry. That's actually my fault. I didn't even get to the point. I was calling because cuz I need to money from my savings. To my checking.
Sure. and also I wanted to see if you could tell me what the balance of both accounts are. once you're done all that.
Hi, Rose, my name is Kim, and I'm calling to check my account. I'm actually calling back. I called on Monday, and I just looked at my my account balance and I want to make sure a charge came off.
Well, I'm trying to find an ATM that's close to me.
Yes, Casey. My name is CJ. Johnson. And I need to transfer some money from one account to another. I think one of my accounts is, is negative.
I'm gonna need your assistance. We gotta do some wire transfer.
no I guess that's it. Oh actually can you tell me the balance on my saving account please?
deposit it in my account. I was just wondering if you could help me find a actual branch that I could go into.
well yeah. Can you go ahead and just tell me what my balance is on my checking account?
Yes, just just put it into the new account we're gonna to open.
OK, I will add that to your account. Do you require checks to go along with this account as well?
Yes ma'am. gotta make a road trip back up to Michigan. sister-in-law is in a hospital and so I'm just trying to find out possible ways I can get some money if I need it while I'm up there.
not that I know of. is there like a daily limit as far as what we can withdraw?
actually I just moved into town and I'm having a hard time locating a ATM. for. For whatever reason I just can't find one.
Actually, yes. Could you please check the balance on my account?
Yeah, I don't know I got horrible reception in this area Yeah I was calling to report that my card lost or stolen.
Oh man that's nanners I'm going on vacation. Is there any way to expedite this like can I get it quicker cuz I'm gonna be like jet setting off to the Caribbean.
what's last transaction I had?
I am looking for an ATM that is closest to me, closest to home.
Awesome. And would you like any further information about how to find nearby ATMs on the bank website?
OK Ranae looks like I've got that canceled for you and did you want me to go ahead and order a new card for you?
Right, yes. I would like to transfer the balance left. I. I. What I'm what is the balance that's left in there?
OK. Perfect. yes, I'd like to transfer the balance to
To this new checking account. and I have the routing number and the checking account number for them whenever you're ready.
Yes, Samantha. I just need to make a transfer from my savings to my checking.
Hey Doug. This is Johan Duly, and I'm down here at the shop I got my Cadillac in here and It's got a leak in the manifold and they say they can fix it today but I got to get the money to them right now, before they can fix it.
Yes. I'm looking for the branch banks' locations. Where you have the banks located at that's closest to my house.
OK. Do you have a close ATM location that I can go to that right off that you can think of or that you've got in your computer?
Yes, can you check on my bank balance for me if you don't mind?
Perfect. And did you want some information on our online banking so that way you can check the account balance yourself?
yes hello. I need to make a wire transfer please.
yes. Hello. I need to make a transfer from my savings account to my checking account, please.
I need to check the balance on my account.
Well hold on. What what was the last transaction? That doesn't sound right because I checked it the other day and it was more than that. What was the last transaction?
Adam and Eves! I have never even been to that kind of store. What. That OK. I'm the only one with this card and I did not go to that store and I know my husband does not have my card and he did not go to that store so I know that store is not. Nope nope. No. That is not my purchase I. No, we're recording right now. How do I get rid of this? I want my money back now.
I'm having issues linking my bank card to Amazon online shopping.
I know there's a charge on my travel card but I'm not sure where where it came from? And I don't want it I don't want it there.
Yes. Can you tell me how much money is in the account associated with my card?
Finally! Wow, I've been trying to reach you guys for a long time. You know, I just moved into my area and I been I been trying to do some banking transactions on my with with my phone and it has been giving me issues, so I'm trying to see if I can get a branch of your bank that's around here someplace.
I want to know how I can get my account balance and statement of account and all that. Look I'm finding it difficult to do that.
OK. That's good though right now I want to know about my account balance. What's in my account? Do I still have money? I I don't know because right now I'm tired.
Yeah I think so too because you know but but you know the the thing about this whole thing is this you know getting you guys on on the phone takes a lot of time and takes a lot of stress you know? So I don't know. I I think I need that account your online banking thing, and how do I go about that? How do I get it? Do I please. Please explain to me.
All righty. And do you want to put the rest of your savings into your checkings account?
yes. Hello. I'm calling about. I need to dispute a charge on one of my accounts. Can somebody help me with that over the phone?
yes my name is Paul Butler B U T L E R and my son he went to Las Vegas on vacation and he lost all his money and I need to try to get him some money I guess. what is the daily withdrawal limit on an ATM?
Oh, OK that's not gone be enough. well how am I gonna get him some money? can I, can I do a a wire, one of those wire thingies?
Oh I'd like to report a lost or stolen credit card.
Yeah come to think of it since I have to come in anyways I was thinking about setting up a savings account.
yes I'm calling to check to check on my savings account.
Yes I wanted to know about a new savings account.
OK Mister Johnson you will be getting some more information in the mail about this new account. did you want to set up a transfer to set up funds in this account?
Yes my savings. I don't know how much I have in there at the time.
Wow, wow wow. So so what can be done? Could you help me with it? I need to do this transfer. It's very important.
How about the checkings account now, what do I have in it?
I guess let me hear both because I thought You know I thought I had under draft protection.
OK, so, yeah yeah, that's what I thought. OK. I need to update that, because see I just got changed apartments. I was living over at this oh, you know those tan colored apartments on Mission? Lovely places. They jacked up their rent post pandemic and now I'm staying over here at fifteen fifteen Mission lane. San Diego California.
The reason I'm calling, I'm wanting to make a wire transfer.
hey. This is Roshonda. I was calling because I was trying to apply for a auto loan online and I didn't understand the requirements too much can you explain what I'll be needing.
all right. can I just check my account balance then?
Yeah I need help finding a ATM close the closest one if that's possible to me.
Wow. That's awesome. Oh, you know what? I actually, I forgot to do something. There was one other thing I needed to do and that was to update my personal information, my phone number.
yes. I'm I'm looking to buy some tires and I need to know if I've got enough money.
lemme ask you this my checking account. Am I getting any interest off my checking account?
Yeah, I'd like to open up a bank account.
OK, where's your nearest branch so when I get my ID , I can come in?
All right. I know where that is. How late are you guys open till?
I have a disputes transaction. That's why I called, dispute transaction.
well actually if we can go ahead and update my email address cuz I just switched over to a new internet provider. that way I can make sure I stay up to date.
OK. That's good because I did lose the card and I haven't been able to find it. So, that will make is so no one can use the card. Is that correct or do I need to go through a whole new process with that?
OK, let's see here. You said September twenty-eighth. Yeah, I do see that that is the most recent transaction and it was at Dick's Sporting Goods. and the amount was two hundred and ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents, so. So the good news is that no one has used your account since you last did. But it's good that we're closing it. let me go ahead and re-issue another card for you. can I confirm the address to which I should mail this new card out to?
Hi, I'm in town and I need to take out some money out of the bank.
I. One of the questions I have. Is there a daily withdrawal limit?
Can I access, will I be able to access this online?
if you'd like to set one of those up I can find a local branch for you. you will have to go in to the actual branch to set up the card. But the good news is, they can issue the card right there on site.
Mm- yes I need some help. I'm trying to send some money to my friend. How would I do that?
Hi Rose. this is Kim. I have a question. I am looking at my My statement that I just received recently in the mail. And there's a charge on here that I don't recognize and I was calling to question it.
yes. I need to transfer some money between my savings to my checking.
Yes. I want to make a complain about my card. I checked my account and I was debited for. I was debited with some money and I did not do any transaction internet debits. So I don't know what I'm gonna do and how I'm gonna find out how that happened.
Yes. My name is Jimmy Watkins and I would like to open account.
And at the same time I want to dispute a. A transaction I noticed on my. One of my accounts.
Yes, I was calling to check the balance of my account.
Hi Christy. I'm on a business trip out of town and I was trying to find a branch near me.
Well, I was just wondering what my total balance is now on my savings account.
Hi Michael, I was calling to check the balance of my account.
Hey Susan this is Justin. Hey you know I'm I'm I'm trying to find a branch of of Smart bank and and I can't I can't find it, can you help me with that?
Real quick cuz I'm I'm only on lunch break for like an hour, is there a bank branch nearby?
yeah. Something's going on with my checking account. I'm looking at my statement, and I've got a charge for sixty-seven dollars and eight cents and I don't know what's going on with it.
hi Rose. My name is Tara. I have a issue with my account. I got this notice in the mail regarding a problem with my account. and I'm trying to understand what it's for. And I'd really like to talk to somebody in person if possible.
OK. Sorry that you're having that issue. So, let's just make sure that I understand you correctly. So, you're having some issues with your account and you need to speak to someone in person. So, you need me to locate a branch near you?
Yes, my name is Fred Smith and I'm calling to dispute a rather large transaction that I found on my billing statement. Ronnie, I'm hoping to get this situation resolved today. How is your day going so far?
If there are alternative methods of disputing transactions, can I set up an account online to help me facilitate the process?
No I'm transferring to a different bank.
That works. And so I just needed to know that real quick. But what I need to know now is if I can do some transferring of some funds of my checking account.
Oh. Can you tell me my.
Balance, please?
yes, my name is Ronald Clayton. And I need to transfer money from my savings account to my checking account.
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I am calling to find a ATM actually that's near me.
OK, great. And is the ATM hours the same as the lobby hours of, at both of these locations?
yeah. I do want to check my account balance. let me see here. I wanted to check my account balance for my checking account.
the it's just the fee for per month is I can't afford it. So, I'm having hard. I'm having trouble saving, so I just wanna. I know there's not much in the savings account. I'd like to transfer it to my checkings. Checking account with you all. until I'm able to, you know, open a savings account again.
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I'm calling about a a stolen card or a lost card. I'm not sure.
I'd like to close my checking account. Excuse me I'd like to close close my savings account and move those funds to my checking account.
I have one questions, on my savings account, before we close it, could you give me a balance please?
OK, well you would need to set up your online banking account first. Would you like me to show you how to do that?
Yes, I would like to open an account today.
OK, Mike. I have been trying to send my friend some money for days now. It just won't go through. Can you help?
Not really. It's just that my bank does not does not display all my transactions most times.
Hi. This is Laura Winters and I'd like to open a banking account.
yes. I can probably do that. Do you have any branches in the southeast part of town?
yes. My name is Dan Thomas, T H O M A S. And I need to. I need for you to look up a transaction that I do not recognize on my checking account. I believe it's associated with my debit card. And that would be my Intel bank debit card.
Hi, this is Peter Davis. I want to find my nearest ATM machine.
Oh, OK. I heard that there's an app that says where I can find the nearest ATMs?
Oh thanks and And so anyways, now I'm in a new neighborhood and I need to find an ATM near me and can you help me with that?
And then also I'm gonna be going to Charlotte and you you you folks have locations in Charlotte as well?
Yeah, I needed to make a wire transfer from my savings account to my sisters checkings account.
Oh uh I need uh the check the account balance in my checking.
yeah I was wondering if I could transfer over half of that to my savings.
Oh no wait yes actually I might need to go in at some point in time. what's the your local branch hours?
I I I need to check the balance on my account.
Is there any other accounts that you'd like to check today?
That's so bad. OK, I'll need to transfer. Let me transfer twenty thousand over to my savings from my checking.
OK, so it would actually help you out because you wouldn't have to call us for your balance anymore. would you like me to enable your online web service now?
Hi Barbara. I need to update my personal information.
My wife, she she drove over a nail and and busted a tire, and she ran it flat. now I gotta buy a tire and a wheel, and I just need to see if I've got enough money to do that.
I can't. Well, yeah you can you can give me some info on your savings account. I'm I'm looking for the interest rate, and is there a fee associated with having a savings account?
yes Kimberly, I would like to open up that account that I called about earlier today. I believe that I spoke to you.
yes, my name is Toby Barlow. B A R L O W. And my date of birth is August twelfth nineteen seventy-five and I live at eight five zero five Strawberry Street. Oklahoma seven two three nine six. and I need to check my account balance please. I I'm gonna try to buy some four wheeler tires and I need to know if I got enough money in my bank to do that.
Ooh that's not gonna be enough I don't think to buy those four wheeler tires Can you transfer money from my well lemme lemme check my savings account balance.
OK. can you transfer five hundred dollars from my savings account to my checking account? That should be enough to buy those tires.
yes. Hi I'm calling because I lost my card.
Yes sir. One more thing. I wanna change my email address on my account. That would be all.
I need to make some transfer between two accounts, mine and my husbands.
And I need to get a cashier's check.
All right, Mr. Ryland. Well, unfortunately I can't help you get a cashier's check over the phone but I can help you locate the nearest branch that you can get one from.
Also I need to check my balance of my checking account, please?
Can you give me the hours of the branch?
Yeah, I'm I'm calling to see if y'all website is up. I've been trying to log in for the past ten minutes and I'm seeing this error saying the website is not available.
OK. Quick one. I'm trying to open an account with you guys. So, I don't know what to do about it. Can you put me through, please?
let me quickly just tell you about our online banking system.
I gotta get my grandma some money.
Oh, I need to do a wire transfer.
Yeah, actually. I need to update my address.
Hi Alicia. I was calling to dispute a transaction on my account.
Hi. Yes, I need to report a card lost.
OK, thank you. So go ahead and close it for me.
I'm having not so good of a day. I I am calling to I can't seem to find my credit card I've looked everywhere. I'm trying to, you know, go back in time, see where I've used it the last time. I'm missing my car keys, so, lost or stolen, it's gone. I just can't seem to find it.
Can you please look in my debit card and see what was the last charge on it?
I need to get some cash.
Yes, this is Jennifer Johnston. I have a transaction on my account that I didn't make. I just need to check on that, please.
I see. I'm sorry to hear that. I'd be glad to assist and answer any questions you may have about Intellibank. And hopefully, get a new account opened for you today. To start, may I please have your first and last name?
Hi Jake, my name is Darcy Davis I would like to find a branch near me, can you help me with that?
Great, that's very helpful. And is there any other way I can just make deposit because I don't really want to go to the actual place.
Hi, I need to make a transfer from my checking to my savings, please?
I have to make a wire transfer.
How's the family? I'm good I'm good I'm just you know whenever I call I'm always having one or two issues and all that. right now I have two issues apparently I want to open an account with you guys, right?
And I have my ATM card you know got stolen again. So it got stolen this time around so I don't know I don't know how to start so I just want to start from the first one and then we'll go to the second one. So you just help me out.
Yes, I'm calling I believe I gave you all the wrong email, What can I do about that?
And yes and after this, I just wanna check my account balance and that will be all for today.
OK is there anything else you'd like me to do for you sir? You have anymore questions? perhaps you would like to learn something about online banking so that you can actually process this information online next time.
yes I need to check the my account balance for my checking account.
And I'm calling because I noticed there was a charge to my account from a Herrs magazine company? I don't even read magazines.
That's a little high. can you tell me what the last transaction was? I don't remember it being that high.
That will not affect your credit score. What we can do for you right now is close the account and then and then set you up with a a new account, a new account number and send out a new credit card. Is that what you'd like to do?
yes, this is Dan Thomas. T H O M A S. And I am seeing a an unauthorized usage on my credit card statement.
well I was calling because I was looking on my account earlier today and I've and maybe I'm just like overthinking it but I seen a transaction that I I didn't recognize and you know I was I was out of town last week so I think like maybe it's possible that like I used it my card or something and I couldn't remember. I don't know but I just feel like it's not something that I had you know something that I had done so, I don't know, I was just hoping that maybe you could give me some insight as to like what this transaction was.
Hi, I need to check the account on my credit. On my credit card.
I want. I want to check my savings account.
Yeah, yeah, I better open a checking account so my moms can't get it. Can I. Can I open an account that moms aren't allowed to use? I don't want my mom using my accounts no more.
Would you like me to transfer the balance from your savings into your new checking?
yes, I need to check my Intel checking account balance.
All right. Well if you would you be interested in signing up for online banking today?
I'm calling to check my account balance.
Yes one more thing. I want to update my street address, that's the yeah.
Yes, I just wanna change my email address. That's all that's the last thing. I'm sorry.
Well, today we're dealing with my savings into my checking.
let's see. Can you give me the amount that remains in the savings.
Anything else I can help you with? Do you need to know the amount that's in your checking's account?
I'd also like to transfer my balance to my new account.
Yes, ma'am. I need to report a lost credit card.
OK. Thank you very much for that. And so you're calling because of a disputed transaction?
Yes, yes, that's the one we have. So, do you need to update some account information? OK. Great.
Hi Rose. My name is Kim. I have a question. I am actually looking at a statement I received in the mail and Excuse me. I have a charge on it that I don't recognize. so I'd like to dispute this this charge that I have on the statement.
and then also I actually need help finding an ATM.
yes I need to update my address I've got for my accounts.
Should I go ahead and get my checks addresses changed over also?
I have been looking through my statements. They have not been coming out properly and now I'm really mad because it says on one of my statements that I have done HBO plus and I know I haven't and this come out like the last three months and I'm just.
OK. could you just give me a quick balance on that account please?
The no that'll that will be fine. That's a lot better than me coming down and moving checks around. will you be able to email me the confirmation?
I wanted to know how much I had in my account, my account balance.
Yes. What about setting up another account?
yes. My name is Dan Thomas T H O M A S. And I need to check the balance of my savings account please.
can you tell me if gaining any interest on my checking account please, an and what that interest rate might be if I am?
OK. I probably need to transfer some money out of my savings account to my checking where I can buy those tires.
Hi there, I'm trying to get a balance to my checking account.
Oh perfect all right that's that's good that didn't yeah that'd be great I appreciate that. You know like if I last time I called I I I've been calling every time I have to check the account balance but it's I just don't like I have to find your number and everything, so I was wondering is is there anyway I can check online?
yes, my name is Rick Lawson. I need the, I need the location to some good ATM machines, please.
OK, so let me go ahead and correct that for you. You said that first address was thirty-five eleven North South Street?
no. I would like to know what's the withdrawal limit?
yes, I need to dispute a transaction.
Oh, hello Gio. Yes. My name is Ms. Marsh T. Brady, and my date of birth is November eleventh nineteen ninety. I need to make a withdrawal and check my account balance sir.
Yes, ma'am. It definitely it looks like everything is all set on my end and it should be reporting in and yes. That balance of two thousand two hundred thousand and twenty-two and sixty-one cents is correct that with everything posted. Nothing is pending. So, I see like you were saying about the kids. Would you like to know about our online account access?
yes. I was looking at my bank statement and there's a charge on here that I don't quite understand.
OK. is that something that you could help me get set up today?
Hi, my friend's daughter is selling girls' scout cookies so I need a little bit of cash for that.
also, could you tell me what my balance is at the moment?
Hi, I had a few things I wanted to do first I just wanted to check my balance on my checking account.
OK, well I had there was a transaction showing up on my bank statement it's for a place called Style-Depot. And I I've never been to Style Depot and I'm I've never even heard of it and I've never ordered from there.
can I go ahead and check the the balance in my savings account?
Oh, thank you. It's been. It's been very nice. Anyway, I already received on my new address a letter from you guys that there's a problem with my checking account. Can you tell me what's going on?
All right. All right, got it. OK, so I see. This, let me see. I'm into your account, and yes, I do see a note here. we still need a government-issued ID to verify your account.
Actually, since you're on the phone, I thought about it and I'm gonna need to open a savings account too. Can we please do that?
Hey Sherry. Hopefully you can help me. I need to make a wire transfer to my brother in Florida. I have all of his information for his bank and everything. I just didn't know if I could do it through you guys or if I had to go to like Western Union or something.
Oh and while we're on the phone I need to order a new debit card. Mine is snapped in half.
Hey so while I have you on my account what's the exact balance in my checking?
So all right. So I'm a customer at your bank and actually my business partner is on a. It's kind of like a business trip. We own a sports collectibles business and he went out to this convention in Las Vegas and I gave him X amount of dollars and now he's telling me about all these great buys. And I want to give him more money. I don't know if I'm right or wrong but I want to give him more money to get these hopefully good buys.
In many many ways. what I can do is if you confirm your email address I can just send over. I can send you over a link with all the information about that and you can look at it yourself and make an assessment. And it's really easy to. If you do decide to do that it prompts you. And it's very very simple. It's not anything complicated so what is your email?
Hi. Yes. I need to dispute a transaction please.
While I have you I'd like to do a wire transfer please.
Yes I like to make a transfer to a different account. I think having just one account to pay all the bills is somehow is is somehow too much because sometimes I feel like I forget I forget some details or I overpay so I like to break down the accounts to see how many bills I'm paying and where where exactly the the money's going to.
I'm doing pretty well. I am trying to find a branch near me I was trying to look online and for some reason I'm getting zero service on my cell phone as far as the internet searches. So I figured I'd call you and see if I could get some help from you
no, that's OK. while I have you, do you mind checking my account balance for me please?
Oh. That's wonderful. may I suggest we open a checking account to get started? Does that sound OK?
Yes, I need to change some information on my account.
Yeah, can you tell me my checking and savings account balances?
OK, can I transfer some money while I have ya on the phone?
And what's the updated amount on my checking?
well I need your help today please, Rose. I need to make a wire transfer to my friend's account please.
Yeah, if we can update that while I have you if that would be OK to my my new address.
OK actually can you and I do a wire transfer from my account to my sister's checking account? just here on the phone.
Yes I got a letter from you guys saying that I had a pent over tee fee due for paying my credit card late.
I don't understand why there wouldn't have been enough money in there though to cover it . I mean can you tell me what my checking account balance is, like none of that makes sense to me.
Do you know do they have a drive-thru?
I am. Well I'm actually trying to find an ATM. I I'm outta town and have been trying to look on my phone for the past like ten minutes and I am getting zero service. It just keeps loading and loading and loading. I don't know what's going on so I was wondering if you could help me with that?
Can you tell me what the daily withdrawal limit is for for the ATMs?
OK. OK great and let me see here. Oh yeah I was gonna ask you since I can't get online and check my check my account. Can I check my account balance with you as well?
actually I found a better bank that's gonna give me a a higher interest on my money, and so I just wanted to just close out this account and just transfer my remaining balance which is fifty dollars to my new bank.
can you tell me I probably need to order some checks.
I wanted to do a an internal transfer from my savings to a checkings account.
but the main reason why I called right now is because I'm at a restaurant and I just curious if you could tell me any nearby ATMs.
I'm not exactly sure what I need to do, but I don't know where my card is.
I mean, if you can tell me the nearest branch to me, I m~, mostly go to ATMs, and I know where there's a really close ATM, but there's not a ban~, an actual bank with it.
Yes I also would like to report that I lost my card.
OK I see that you are saying that you last used your card at Target. And I will go ahead and report that in the system. And did you want to have a new card sent out?
not too bad I need to open a account with your bank and get things rolling.
well I I did move so I have to give you my new I have to give you my my address period. it's twenty-six thirty-four.
What's their hours?
I'm doing fabulous. I just move into town and I need to open a bank account with you guys.
Hi yes, my name is Marie Johnson and I'm just calling to get some more information about depositing my check.
I'm doing pretty well. I am. I'm calling because I am having an issue with the online portal again. I. I'm trying to do a few things and I keep trying to access the information online and sometimes it looks like it wants to let me in. Other times it just loads and loads and loads and then nothing ever happens.
Yeah, it is. I mean I'm out of town and I'm trying to pull up, you know, an ATM near me, and and whatever else I might need to do and and having it at your fingertips of is of course much easier than calling you guys and and, you know, asking you to do it. But I appreciate you taking care of that, thank you so much.
Oh, no, that's OK. I yes, there is something else I do want to I wanted to do. I was trying to do it online and as I said, I was having an issue. I saw a charge out there for a service that was not rendered. it was actually for something that was supposed to be scheduled and it was wasn't rendered the person it was a charge from Home Depot and the person never came out to fix my dishwasher. And I called them and they said they were going to reverse the charge and they still haven't and so I want to dispute that through you guys because they are not taking care of removing the charge from my my account.
I would like to change my address.
Oh OK and I would like to open a new account.
We're gonna we're gonna pull a thousand out of the savings.
hey, could you tell me what my balance is?
And could you also tell me what the last transaction on my account is?
Yes, hello Gerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I would like to dispute a wire transaction I made today.
Yes. And I'd also like to do another wire transaction to the right account.
Good afternoon Jennifer. My name is Thomas. And I'd like to open an account with Intellibank.
yes hi. I need to on my account, update my email address.
Oh! I'm doing just wonderful. We actually just moved into a new house on the outskirts of town and we're coming from a little tiny apartment. So Oh my gosh! I am so thrilled we have a huge backyard . I know my kids and our dogs are absolutely thrilled about that. But at least and I am so sorry I'm just babbling on and on. The actual reason that I'm calling is, I'm trying to find a branch near me . The apartment that we were living in, we had a branch that was right around the corner, all I had to do if I need to go to the bank was walk out the door and there we were.
Yes sir, I certainly can. It looks like we actually could probably get you to an ATM that way you can pay for your groceries in cash.
OK and what time do they close?
can you send me the through mail?
yes, hello darling. good evening. I was interested in doing a wire transfer. Can you help me with that today?
Yeah. I had a question I wanted to ask you. It just kinda slipped my mind now. Oh that's what it was. how does ordering checks work?
yeah hi, good evening. I was interested in doing a wire transfer. Can you assist me with that tonight?
yeah I was interested in doing setting up for the online banking. How does that work?
Oh that's just wonderful, thank you so much for explaining that for me. can you by chance is there a local branch that has twenty-four hour ATM services near my home?
Oh yeah that was it Can you also verify the store hours or the branch hours as well?
Hey, Tabitha. How you doing? Please help me because I I need an ATM that I'm not gonna be charged fees for. And I'm like, you would think Google can help. But it can't help.
I would like to report a stolen card. A man snatched my purse out of my hand and managed to find my credit card. Then he ran off with it.
I would like to man an internal transfer.
yes. can you tell me what my remaining balance is on my checking account.
sure. while I'm at it, would you mind if I check the balance of my checking account since I'm about to spend a whole lot of money? I actually lost this bet with my friend that Andrew. Andrew Custimore was going to win the boxing tournament, right? And it turns out, Mr. Custimore lost against Muhammad Bali. And so anyway, the since I'm the loser, I have to buy him a a nice steak dinner. So but anyway, I I'm I'm rambling. Sorry about that.
Well, let's see. I wanna put it in a different address. I wanna, I wanna put it in a PO box address in a I think I'd better put in a phone number too. I need to change that.
OK let's go ahead I need to check my savings and checking balances.
Well so you've moved. So what you're needing is to update your. Your street address on file? Is that what it is?
Yes it is, ma'am. So we. You know. If you would like I can go ahead and assist you in setting up an online account.
Hi there darling. Good afternoon. I was calling to see how can I also possibly order some checks through your bank please?
Well yeah actually. I wanted to do a a internal transfer. Do you all do that at that bank?
Oh really? can you possibly give me the website so I can sign up for that?
Hi, my name is Catherine Caughllins and I wanted to transfer some money to another account.
OK, so she should be receiving it within twenty-four hours and I can have a receipt emailed to you upon payment. Does that work?
Hello this is Peter Davis. I lost my credit card last night.
Oh wow sir. OK. That happens sometimes I understand. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to put a block on this card right now so you won't even if you did find it for some reason or locate it you would not be able to use it. Or if somebody else found it they wouldn't be able to use it. So let me block that right now.
What is the interest rate that I have on the card?
You can do that through email right?
Yes it's not a bad bad rate. We do also offer a couple of other cards that you can use. Would you happen to be interested in possibly applying for one of those?
Can we move all the balance over to another account I have on on file? Before it's placed on hold. I mean I still need to have some money available to use since the other account's not gonna have the money. accessible at least I want it somewhere where I can use it.
I gotta report my card as stolen.
Hi, this is Peter Davis. I have a new a email address and I wanted to let the bank know.
OK sir. And, let's see, it looks like you have been a great customer of ours for the last fifteen years, and right now we are offering some really low interest rates on some cars, on vehicle loans. is that something you might be interested in?
Yeah why not. Can you send me that by, yeah, to the new email address?
You know, Intel? I thought maybe it's like along the same branch. Anyway, I am sorry, that was off subject. I got this letter and I'm trying to get money into another account. But I don't know how I'm supposed to do that because I don't have a branch near me. And it's like too much for my ATM. I. I don't know and I. And my mobile app's not working, so.
I am I am calling because I I was trying to go online to look at my account information and to do a couple things. And I can not get on the online banking again. I I seems like you know here lately it's been quite often when I'm trying to do anything online I'm having an issue connecting you know getting the getting the banks up site to come up. It keeps giving me an error so I don't know you know, what's going on with that or if anybody's complained but somebody definitely needs to look at that.
Oh OK. Well that's awesome, great. well I would like to make a wire transfer. that was why I was trying to, you know, access it online or what ever. I'm not even sure if I can do that on the website but but now that I have you, if you could help me with that I need to make a wire transfer to to my mom's account. She has an account with you all as well. she's done had several things go on and a couple dental issues and now you know money has gotten super tight. So I need to go ahead and transfer some money over to her account.
Well I I I'm I I have a new phone number. So specifically I have I I know I have to change the phone number.
Well I'd need to I was wondering if I could check the the balance in my savings account.
Well can I go ahead and transfer some of the money from my savings into my into my checking account?
Hi, my name's Laura and I just moved and so I'm trying to change financial institutions and so I'm looking at opening a checking account. But I have some questions about other products.
I think I'm interested in the travel card.
yes, I have a paper and pen ready. Could I get the address of the of the bank so that I can come in?
Hi, Vicky. My name's Nate. I'd like to do a money transfer from my Intellibank checking account into my account at my credit union, credit union.
Yeah, that's sounds right. and by the way does Intellibank offer web banking? would I be able to do this faster myself online?
Jerry I need to find a branch near me.
And I also need to know what the hours are.
Yes. I'm tryna get my checking account balance.
Hi I was hoping to find a branch nearby so that I could yeah make a deposit.
OK sounds good. what are the hours for both of those?
Yeah do you think we could also just check my account balance really quick?
OK sounds good, thank you so much. I think that's pretty much it for me today. do you think you could maybe send me a link to the website or something so I can set up online banking in the future?
Well, I want to do internal transfer. I would like to move money from my savings account back into my checking account. Can you help me with that this evening?
Oh well that's wonderful, thank you so much for doing that. I did have one more question. I did give you my address could you possibly tell me the nearest local branch from my home?
So I was just thinking. I was thinking back to when I was a kid and you know like I said fourth of July is coming up this weekend. And we all know once fourth of July hits, Christmas is around the corner. And when I was a kid my my aunt and my everybody in my family, my mom and everybody but my aunt would organize it every year. She used to call it, it was she would set up Christmas club accounts for us. I wanna get. I wanna set up I don't know if they still call it that or whatever, but I want to set up an account and this way every week, I can just you know go and transfer money from from my one account to my this new account. This way I have money come you know which I'll probably wait till the last minute to do my Christmas shopping. So this way I can get you know my wife and my kids and my you know I have grandkids. I can be ahead of the curve financially and ready to make all those nice purchases.
OK so John Waters ten fifteen at Gmail and would you want to me to send you a link to set set up online banking?
hi. My name's Charlene and I was requesting your help in finding an ATM?
I would like to transfer some money from my savings into my checking account. I'm gonna take out my girlfriend. For fun night out.
Thank Mr. Johnson. I did wanna ask you, would you like any further information about setting up an online banking in order to transfer funds more conveniently in the future?
Oh, I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. Now, the reason I'm calling, my brother, he's in the Airforce and him and his wife and my nephew, they now live all the way up in Dover. And you know of course, we're down here in Georgia. But, I would love to be able to try to get some money out to my brother so he can get my nephew a present from me for his birthday since I won't be able to visit. And I was calling to see if you guys do anything like that. And also, if you do, would there be any kind of charge that's actually why I'm calling you guys, cuz Western Union is so expensive. I really don't want to use them so I figured I'd give you you guys a call first.
I think an ATM would work for me. I prefer ATMs.
you said it's a four hundred dollar daily limit?
OK. while I got you on the phone, could you check my balance?
OK. Could you update it to my new email address?
Weekly emails. Alright and do you need any information regarding how to access our online banking?
Great. Would you like me to shoot you that information in an email right now?
Yes. this is my second call I made about this. I I'm disputing a transaction I made on my gold card. maybe I need to come by a branch.
Uh, yes I need to check my balance of my checking account, please.
All right, sir yes I do see that all the addresses been on here I'll go ahead and update that for you.
Alright, sir. And can I interest you in setting up online banking so you can check your balance and really just do about everything you can by calling us on online banking at your own convenience.
yeah, I think I would like to check the balance of my checking account.
Hi I got a mail this today and It say something about you guys raising the fees, my monthly fee.
No problem ma'am. you also have total free checking would you like to transfer that into a interest free savings or checking account ma'am?
hi Josie, I need to make a wire transfer as soon as possible, and could you tell me if when or when this wire transfer will occur once it's initiated?
OK, that would be great. And can you go ahead and update my email address?
Yes, I also would like to report a lost card please.
Just so that you know the process, what'll happen is, is after I've completed the cancellation of this card, once you authorize it, we will then get out a new card to you and it'll be arrive to your mailing address that we've just updated within about seven to ten business days.
Oh, yeah, right, sorry, of course, my manners. It says something about the bank's gonna be closed for a couple days?
OK. Yeah, so, if you would like, I could provide you with the closest branch to where you're going to be at. Or, I could also provide you with the next closest branch, by your, your house.
I. So we're gonna open a checking account in in my son's name .
So yeah I guess getting him set up online banking would probably be good as well.
Well yeah, actually, I was kind of interested in seeing how I can I can't put my finger on it, I believe it's called a transfer, oh yeah, an internal transfer. Can you help me with that?
I would like to have some help, on making a wire transfer. Can we do that on here?
Well, I I already have a savings account, so I would like to open a checking account.
All right. Well, Julie, thank you for waiting as I pull up this information. I could also suggest here for online banking. Because from your comfort of your own home, you can actually set up online banking so that you can online pull up all this information. And even open accounts on by yourself. Would you have any more interest in that?
I will also like to transfer the money from my savings account into my new checking account.
Mm thank you. And the carrier cannot switch over the number to my new phone. So I had to get a new number. The problem is I used the old I used the old number for security on this account. can you help me with that?
Or you can access the the account information so that you could set up your new PIN. They usually send you that information. Did you want more information about going to your account online, sir? We do have online banking.
OK, let's update your address.
Alright so, you would like me to cancel this card and send you a new one?
Are you sure it can't be sooner, I really need my card.
OK. Is there any way you can tell me my last account transaction. That way I know there's nothing wacky on it.
Can you tell me my balance then?
yes, my car payment is going to post, and I'm not sure that there's enough money in there to account for that. So I don't want it to bounce, or whatever.
Did you want me to maybe transfer the difference from your savings account to your checking account, to cover that payment?
hey Michael, I'm calling I can't find my credit card.
Yes, sir. I found the the the gas station convenience store. And also I'm finding Lima Creola. As recent transactions on this card. But the most, the latest transaction was from Home Depot for a hundred and thirty-nine dollars and forty cents. Would you like me to dispute this transaction, sir?
Is there any way I can get my account balance?
Oh, it said my password was wrong.
can you help me find an ATM near me?
And and by the way how much money can I get out of the account?
Yes. I need to find an ATM location.
OK can you tell me where the nearest branch is to my hotel?
Well I went out drinking and had a blast. I met a few friends for drinks things got out of hand and I lost my wallet.
Well it seems I have misplaced or lost my credit card, and I'm not sure what I need to do about that.
Oh we can set you up the first your online banking and to make it easier for you.
So I have a flier from Intellibank that says you have a bunch of new locations opening up and I'm wondering if they're any closer to me than the one that I currently go to. just based on the slide. It looked like you had some that maybe, maybe in the midzone.
OK. Yeah deposit slips that's what I was thinking of. I'm sorry it slipped my mind. that's perfect. Then yes, I just need to know where the nearest ATM is then.
Yes, I wanted to transfer some money to another person's account.
Hi. I wanted to make a transfer from my my checking account into my wife's checking account.
actually since we're on the phone, can I go ahead and check the balance of my savings account?
Yes, this is Jennifer Johnson I need to update my address, please.
Well, I tried that but it wouldn't work.
Oh OK. I think I know where that is. does it have a daily withdrawal limit at that ATM?
That money is already in your account. And before I let you go I should've asked you earlier about our online banking. I know I had asked you if you wanted to make that transfer at the ATM machine that is a feature we offer with your debit card. But we also offer that with online banking. You can get online twenty-four hours a day and and make transfers anytime you'd like to between accounts.
All right, so let let me ask this question first cuz this is a question I'm scared to ask. What is the balance in my account right now?
So actually it seems, I don't know if it was either lost or stolen, but my ATM card is missing.
I'm doing pretty well. Rose, I need your help please with making a a transfer, a wire transfer over to a friend of mine's account.
Hi, Tony. My name is Martin Lauren. And I would like to open an account with Intellibank.
I'd like to open up a new account I wanna I'm trying to separate some funds and a new checking account
Could you please before we we do that could could you give me the balance of my current checking account.
OK, yeah I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars into the new checking account.
OK, great and we'll setting up a new debit card for that account as well. Would you like to select your PIN number now?
Oh hello, This is Charlene and I was and I was in a bit of a fix because I am a bit far from where I'm used to and I was hoping you could help me locate a nearby branch
I I need to check my account balance of my checking account, please.
OK. could you direct me to the closest branch near my address?
OK. That sounds great. can you tell me what the hours of the branch is and what days they are open?
Oh, hi Janine. This is Sandra Murphy. I got a letter in the mail not too long ago from your Intel bank there and I'm not quite clear if it's in reference to a problem that I'm having with an account or you're offering a new service but I want to talk to you anyways because the holidays are coming up and I wanted to see about maybe opening another account of some type. I thought maybe you could help me with that.
OK, perfect. Yup. That looks like your checking account number. Would you like to know your balance?
All right sir. I can give you a few locations nearby that address possibly so that you can debit cash and use that instead.
Hi, Rose. My name is Kim. I have I need some help. I am actually trying to make a transfer to another account with you guys. it's my mom's account but she has Intellibank as well.
I need help finding an ATM near me.
Can you give me a checking. My checking account balance also?
yes. I got a statement in the mail today and there's a transaction I just don't recognize.
Hello, I'm trying to see why there are some charges on my account that I know nothing about. I'm trying to understand what that's for and if you can help me with any information that'll be great. I believe that they are on my travel credit card.
Yes my traveler's card. Yes I thought I lost that. I lost my card but I found it. But there are charges that I do not recognize. Also can I have my last two transactions?
All right so I've got that taken care of for you now Ms. Johns and I'm sending out an email to confirm that I have made that transaction. Would you like to know the balance of your checking account now?
Oh OK perfect. I was wondering also if you could help me find a branch near me that's open. I I am having some problems accessing that information on my phone.
OK Jill. So if he has that card with him, what we can do is we can transfer funds into that savings account and then he can use that card to go to an ATM or take cash our or if he just wants to use that card to shop we can do that too. do you think that would work for you?
yes. I would like to dispute a transaction please.
Yes, actually there is. I need to make a transfer from my savings into my wife's checking account please.
Hi, Jaime. How you doing? I need to get a new account open. I'm already a customer of your bank. actually stepping into adulthood. Adult world. I got my first apartment and it seems I need to get a checking account set up to pay rent, pay my monthly bills. yeah. So, I I need to get a checking account set up and I have a savings account already.
Perfect. OK, and I'm assuming that you're gonna wanna have a credit card, debit card you know, bank card.
I'd like to transfer some funds between my checking account and my savings account.
Yes. that's that's a good idea. What is my. Before I make the transfer. What is the current balance on my checking account.
The no that sounds pretty simple too and thank you for that information. Let me could you verify or verify could you tell me what is the closest branch to where I live?
how much did you say I have in there?
No, we love speaking to each and every one of our clients, but if you're ever away from you know a phone or you're on on another type of trip and you want to go ahead and take your extra funds from that and just switch it over onto this account, you could do so while you're on another trip. I'd be happy to go ahead and get you set up with an account for your online services?
yes, I need to change a email that I have on file. Please could you help me with that?
hey Michael. My name is John and I was at I went to your branch down the road from me, in downtown Austin. And it was already closed. What time do y'all close?
No, that that was my problem, but you know By the way, I really called, I need to change my address on on my account.
I'm OK thank you. The reason that I'm calling is the brick and border location that I always go to it is actually closed for some reason. Do you know anything about that?
Well ma'am if you would like I would be more than happy to look and see if there's one that's a little bit closer to your actual house.
All right great thank you. do you know by any chance happen to know what days and what times they are open?
Is there a quicker way like to get this solved, because I'm kind of on a time crunch.
OK. well, I'm over here at twelve twelve North Shore Lane. is there a branch near here?
yes, I was looking at my bank statement, and I see a charge on here that I do not understand.
oh I was looking for I need stop in at one of your local branches.
OK that's not bad because I'll be passing through that way anyways and that's actually a lot better because I didn't think I saw anything out because I mean this fair is really out there. I had to go eight miles down a dirt road. I mean it's just really out in the country. yeah, no, that would be fi~. Oh I need to check my balance.
Well, good, good. My name is Evelyn Richards and I need to update my street address, please.
Yes. I would like to dispute a transaction on my checking account, please.
Well, that's that's what's going on and I'm down here on Randolf street and there's supposed to be an ATM here but I don't see it, and there's place to park anyway. So can you tell me. Can you help me find an ATM?
Oh, oh! And and can you also like find out what's the limit on there? Cuz I have to pay like, you know, two months worth.
Oh my day is going quite well, thank you. is there anything else that I can do for you today? Would you like to learn about our online banking services?
Oh yes. Good afternoon. My name is Christina Johnson and I was interested in doing a a wire transfer.
yes. I did a few other questions. I'm also wondering can you as far as when I say local time just like what time your businesses are open. Like the local. The local nearest branch from my home.
No. What we're gonna do is we're gonna recover your money. Obviously it was you know it was charged so what we're gonna do is number one I'm going to cancel this card right now.
I was gonna say that. I was gonna say how stupid can you be because you know you see the cameras anymore when you're checking out so I I mean it's gonna prove that it was not me. So is there anything I need to do to dispute this transaction?
Yeah I did cancel it. But this is gonna be. But the thing is now what's gonna happen is I'm gonna be sending you a new card.
Hi Ashley I'm calling because I need to report my card lost or stolen.
the last one that I made I purchased gas at Wawa for thirty-five dollars. but I did see two purchases that I don't recognize. And one of them is at Walmart for two hundred thirty-five dollars and there's one at Target for three hundred and fifty dollars. Can I dispute those charges?
Actually there is. is there any way to set up an account online? You know God forbid this happens in the future I can report the card stolen without having to call.
I have been trying to get my bank to cancel my membership for the longest time and every time that they say that they are going to close it, they never do, and I am charged again. And the money is never reimbursed. And I've been dealing with this problem for a really long time. so I have no idea how to go about getting this handled.
am I going to be able to file a dispute for the charges charges that the gym has put on my account after I asked for them to cancel my membership?
All right and then you. You have seventy-four hundred dollars left in that account. You want us to go ahead and transfer that over to your primary checking account?
Yes. I would like to find the nearest Intel ATM please.
Yes. I would like to find out how much my withdrawal limit is. Since I am in Vegas I will be doing some gambling.
it can be but is there a way that we can increase that?
Oh yes and how much is my balance?
Hi yes, I'm interested in doing a wire transfer.
Yes I was actually wondering because I wanted to come by and stop on in but I wasn't sure of the nearest branch towards I couldn't find the nearest branch to my location of my residence.
OK, that's great. what exactly did you need? Did you say you wanted the business hours, is that correct?
Oh great OK thank you that's very helpful. So how do I start my set up my checking account how do I get started with that?
OK Stonecold that's correct. Alright. The account you like to. Transfer the money to your balance. Do you want me to tell your your balance first?
Hi Daisy, my sister just called me to ask to borrow her some money. So, I'd like to transfer transfer some money into her account.
Yes actually, I would like to open an account.
I'm doing pretty well actually we finally just got done with our move so I guess I need to update my street address with you now. we moved all the way from Washington state down to Jacksonville Florida we were getting pretty tired of the cold and the rain and hoping for some beautiful sunshine down here .
Oh, yes a checking account would be very helpful.
yes hey my name is James. I'm trying to locate the nearest branch. Toward me or near me.
And and also what are the hours of that branch?
Hi. I was wondering how I can make payments to my other accounts.
Hello. I'm calling to check my account balance.
But it's very beautiful. First, OK first can I have a location of an ATM near me, please?
and also make your credit card bill statements. Would you like to know more about our online banking?
we gotta change my address.
I'm doing great. Thank you so much for asking. I'm actually calling to see if I could check my account balance please.
Hi Anne Marie. My name is Brian, I'm calling because I want to move money from my savings account to my checking. Is that a service that Intellibank provides over the phone?
That's not a problem ma'am. I'd be more than happy to go ahead and update that address for you if you'd like.
yeah, yeah, actually, while I've got you on the phone. Could I go ahead and check the balance of my my, my, my, not my savings account, the other one, my debit account?
Yes Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards. Can you update my email?
What? I've never been to Mexico City. So I am definitely disputing that.
All right sir, if if I understand this correctly you wanna update your email address on file so that you can get your account alerts to that new address?
Rose I need your help please. I am trying to find a a bank near me. A branch nearest me, and I am trying to pull up the street location. I'm so sorry I'm on vacation and I don't exactly know the street address where I am. I hate to say.
no that's OK I think I'll put those two in my Google Maps. And see which one is closer, and head that way. I also was wondering if you could help me I was looking to transfer some money from my account to my friends account.
Yeah. So, last night me and my friends we went out. We went out to our favorite restaurant and dinner and of course naturally we were having a lot of drinks. And somehow some way, when I got up this morning and I was getting everything situated. I went to go to the gas station to get gas in my car and I realized my card is gone my credit card.
Would would I I I don't really do it but would online banking help with a situation like this?
I need help locating a branch near me.
Thank you. Also, my app didn't work the other day. Is there a problem with it?
Yes Gerry. My name is Evelyn Richards and I'd like to report that my card was stolen.
My cell phone number is four seven eight three six one eight zero three one and would be OK to go ahead and update my home phone number? It changed.
And just so that you know we have gone ahead if you'd like we can send you a new one.
And can you tell me the balance in my savings account?
Hi, yeah. I noticed a transaction on my card that I don't think I made. So, I just wanted to see how to deal with that.
OK. So, what we can do about that is we can either offer a charge back, so that would reimburse you the money or what we can also do, to make sure that there's no continued fraud on your account, is we can send you a new credit card and cancel that one.
Yeah, I was just wondering what online banking looks like and and also, would that help prevent fraud at all?
OK. Well there are a number of alternatives for nearby branches. I can can I help you find a branch?
Yeah, I need to find a new branch to bank at.
OK, that's actually a lot closer. can you tell me, does it have a drive through?
Yeah, so I need to change the account number thing that I put in whenever I go to the ATM.
Yes. I got something in the mail about an issue on my loan.
And by the way, I would also like a balance on this loan.
Hello my name is Charlene and I'd like to open a new bank account.
I just got to the bank and it's closed and I need to make a deposit. I need to deposit a check so, I need to know if there's another one open somewhere.
Right right. Need the gas pedal. Hit the gas. well I need your help please finding an ATM. my phone is is actually dead and I need some help finding the ATM. I have a ZIP code here. I'm not too far from home but the the ZIP code is one nine one two seven.
no but while I have you I was gonna go into a branch to open up a savings account and I figure I might as well do it while I have you if that's OK. If you have a couple of minutes.
Oh OK. if it's possible I'd like to update that to my current address.
Yes I need to check and see if I have enough funds in my account to cover a payment.
OK yeah I don't have enough money. how much is in my savings account please?
Oh my goodness. I didn't know you were open that late. OK yes I'd like a late branch.
OK, all right. Can you do me one more favor real quick? Could you possibly provide me with a phone number for them so that I could contact them just to ask a couple questions before I headed in?
Yeah it's, it's correct. Just before you, you, you make make anything on my checking account I need to move all my funds to my savings account. My wife doesn't know I'm doing this yet. I'm just frustrated. I wanna keep that one open, at least until she decides what to do with the money. I'm pretty sure she's not gonna be very happy with me closing the account.
Hi Daisy. I was hoping you could tell me what my balance is. You know, my sister wants to borrow some money and I really need to know exactly how much I can spare.
and could you tell me the locations of any ATMs near me?
My sister and I, we bank at the same branch, so. I think maybe I should do a wire transfer. Do you think you could help me with that?
yeah. I saw you guys on your website, that you have online banking. would I be able to do this myself there?
not so good. I need to report my my card stolen.
OK. so what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna cancel this card.
actually, since I'm not in front of the computer, could you please check and tell me what was the last charge on my debit card? Just wanna make sure that.
Hey Melanie. How you doing? I I I'm in big big trouble. I'm actually in my car outside work on my lunch break and I need to make a transfer from one of my accounts to another coz I have a bill that's about to get cashed and the money is not there and I I don't want bounced fees please.
I got this notice in the mail regarding a rate increase.
Sure, no problem. I really hope I could get the rate locked for the next twelve months.
Yes. I need to make an an internal transfer today between accounts.
Yes. I would like to also make a wire transfer.
Thank you so much for correcting my error in pronunciation. Yes, it would be better help me to find a branch close to me.
We have an online banking app for that sort of scenario. The app is called Intellibank Mobile and it's on the Google Play store.
What are the opening hours for the other three banks?
so I'm out of town right now actually and I really need to deposit a check. I looked online and you guys don't have any banks in the area. Could I possibly deposit it over the phone?
I actually need to pull out more than five hundred. How should I go about doing that?
let's let's get that changed for you while we're got you on the phone.
Yes hi I was just speaking with Whitney and she was in the middle of helping me find a branch and we got disconnected.
Very all right and would you like any further information about our online banking in order to check balances look at branches, anything like that?
Oh I'm good I just have to do a few changes on my account.
Yeah I think I lost my card at Walmart a few days ago.
OK. OK. so would you want to get a new one ma'am? Would you like to get a new card issued to you?
Do you see any transactions made on that card, by the way?
Do you know how much it was? Yeah.
Yes. I can. I believe that you'd like to make a wire transfer towards a family member, right?
yes, I'm at a gas station and the ATM machine's out of money and I can't use my Intel bank card because the machines are down.
Yes, can you tell me where an ATM is near me?
Yes, can you tell me the limit that I can take out of the ATM?
Right. I completely understand. That. Uh-huh I I know how you feel. And OK so, so I closed that original account. And I transferred that money. would you like to know the balance of that?
I imagine. well Rose, I need some help. I am looking at my statement, I just received it in the mail and I see a charge on here that I don't recognize. the date of the charge Oh, I'm sorry. You probably need some information to pull up my account first. I'll let you go through all all of that.
yes. I actually do want to open a open up a savings account with you today.
Hi, Bill. I'm calling because I just got my credit card stolen.
A matter of fact there is. I would like to update my email address information please.
Eh not too bad I guess. So I need you I need to change my my email information I do believe. Can you now. What do you need from me dear?
Do you want me to see if your email needs updated on this one as well?
yeah, I'm trying to do a wire transfer.
Yeah I need to make a wire transfer.
Hello my name is Darryl Walker. I need some addresses of local branches. I need to make changes to my account.
Could you also tell me if they have any ATM machines inside or outside?
So I want to apply for an auto loan.
Yeah, if you can find one close to my house, that'd be perfect.
yeah I would like to open an account today.
Yes, I want to transfer my checking into my savings.
Hi I want to transfer funds from my checking account to my savings account. I called earlier about this but I didn't have all the information the agent was requesting on hand. And I think I have it all now and I'd like to do it.
Hi. I'm calling because I need to find an ATM machine.
Oh. Oh yeah. Actually there is a Joe's Grocery closer to me than than that that other ATM. Does it have a daily withdraw limit?
OK. All right. That's great. OK. Let's see. The other thing I wanted to ask about is where is there a branches nearby where I am?
OK. what are the hours of the first one you gave me on Cherry Street?
OK. So what do I need to do to sign up for online banking?
Oh. Oh. Wait wait wait. I need you to check my account balance.
Hello, good afternoon Lucas. My name is Karen Albert And I would like to open an account with your bank. Kindly confirm the information required to do so.
No that would not be all. I have se~. Viewed and signed the consent form. I have forwarded it to you. I would also love to do a bank transfer with the recently opened account. Please is that possible?
actually yes. Could you just really quickly check why I can't log in on mine?
Good, would you like me to email that to you?
Yes, hello Jerry. My name is Evelyn Richards, and I'd like to update my email address.
Yes, I would like to do a wire transfer.
Oh, I'm doing just fine. Thank you very much. The reason that I'm calling, my sister, she has been out of work. So, I was going to see if it would be possible for me to send some money from my checking account over to hers? She actually also banks with Intellibank,
OK. Well in my eyes, you're Intellibank, so so all right so I I have major problem. I am from the Philadelphia area. I am traveling out of town. I'm in Nashville and I need a actual bank location so I can go. I have some banking things I need to take care of. Some deposits, withdrawals, some checks, and I I just have a lot of situations I need to take care of in person not you know at an ATM or whatever. So is there a local bank to my location? I'm having trouble finding one.
that will be perfect because I'm staying not too far from there. Actually right now I'm not too far from there. And I can like what are the hours today? You said they open at seven are they still open right now?
you know what I mean I was curious about a couple things. I mean the online banking I mean I know a lot of people do it now. And I know a lot of people do the whole thing on the app. It in your honest opinion. You've helped me with cheesesteaks, you helped me with with finding the branch location. Is the online banking really worth it?
OK so, there's something off on my account balance. Like it is way less than it should be and I I can't figure out why, and I I couldn't get into my my mobile app. so I I that's why I'm calling. I just gotta figure out what's wrong with the account.
I would like to go ahead. Can we can we lock that? Can we go ahead and just send me a new card because I'm thinking somehow. I mean I've got I've got the card on my person, but I'm unable to use my I couldn't use my card or credentials to get into to my app, and I had that stuff saved so I'm thinking that somehow someone got my password or something.
OK so I'm gonna cancel this debit card.
Oh obviously, no problem. so what do I do to go ahead and be able to access my my app or the website again? Cuz I think that's where my problem started.
But it keeps telling me my password is incorrect. so can somebody possibly help me with that?
Yeah. You can make deposits at any Intellibank ATM. Would you like me to help you locate an ATM location near you?
Hi, Daisy my names George I don't need. I don't know where any of the branch locations are.
Yes, Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards. I'm out of town and in New York and I need to make a deposit to cover my car note.
I do need to see what my available balance is on my checking account.
a bank branch I think is best.
Are the opening hours of the bank?
well, first I need what are those things she mentioned them, but I can't quite remember what she called them. It's like a pre-loaded card. For spending out in the country, if you're outside the states.
The local branch located in relative to where I'm at?
Hi, I would, I called earlier but the, it was, I was talking to someone else but the phone call got cut off the, the main reason why I was calling is that I'd lost my credit card.
Well no, I mean that that purchase was definitely made by me and more than likely I may have just lost it so re-issuing I think would be fine. Do you think that would be a good course to take?
I do, I think that's the smartest thing to do right now so let me go ahead and and cancel this debit card for you your next debit card the new one that we issue would be, it takes about seven to ten days to get to your home. let's see here. Can I go ahead and verify your address back to you? One zero seven five deercove avenue, midlands? Texas, seven nine seven five six . That's where we are gonna be mailing it is that OK?
OK ma'am. First of all, your credit card needs to be canceled and another will be reissued to you. To proceed, I need some information.
Hi, I was needing to open a bank account.
I would like to transfer funds to the new checking account.
Mm, lemme think. yeah. I heard that y'all had a online app?
Hi I'm calling because I'd like to dispute a transaction.
And I actually need to correct my phone number that you guys have on file.
I'm doing pretty well. I I'm calling because I need to make a transfer from my account my checking account to my brother's checking account, please.
hi Josie, I'd like to report a a lost or possibly stolen card please.
yes, if if you wouldn't mind I'd like to make a wire transfer real quickly.
I will like to close my account and transfer the remaining funds to a Wells Fargo account.
yes I actually need to report my card stolen.
OK sir. So I have turned your credit card off ending in six six six six. would you like me to have another card sent out to you?
OK. I would actually like to go to one of the physical locations, can you tell me what location is closest to my residence?
yes. I need to change my old email address to my new address. Can you help me with that please.
I'd like to I've never done this before but I'd like to do a wire transfer.
Could you tell me what is I'm transferring I want to transfer a thousand dollars. Could you tell me what the balance of my checking account is before the transfer?
Hi, yes, I'm calling because I'm interested in doing an internal transfer.
Yes, I like to stop in just to use your ATM walk-in services I but I can't find the nearest location that's near my house. Can you help me with that, please?
Thank you, thank you. I need to make a wire transfer.
OK. That sounds good. One last thing I need to do before I get off the phone with you is I need to change my my street address.
I am calling cuz I need some help, please. I am trying to open up a new account .
You're welcome. And I, I do need to ask you, would you like any further information about setting up online banking, in order to be able to access this account with ease in the future?
as a confirmation of this account opening. And would you like your checks to be sent to the address that you gave me as well?
OK. All right. Yeah. I I was just kinda curious. I'm really looking to find a branch near my home.
OK. So that's. I need a yeah I was looking for the branch. So thank you. I got that as location. I'll check that out tomorrow. I also have I have I think my card my credit card was stolen. that I hold with your bank. Anyway I can't find it.
yes ma'am. I have an account with you guys and I just received notice from my brother-in-law that he needs some help financially and he needs some money deposited in his into his account within two business days. What's the best way to go about this?
He's in Jersey? How about we do a wire transfer?
Hi Alexis, this is Katrina and I need help with changing my address girl.
Hi this is Peter Davis speaking. I want to make a transfer from my savings account to my checking account please.
OK and I have another question. can you see where the nearest ATM machine is for me?
Yes I need to figure out how to open a new account.
Well I also have a problem with my savings account. There's a charge on it that I don't recognize and I need to figure out what it was.
OK. Can I go ahead and transfer the money out of my savings to the checking?
Sounds good. Can I go ahead and order a box of checks or do I need to wait for it to be open?
Yes I would like to find a branch near my location, can you help me with that please?
Yes, matter of fact there is. I need to make a transfer from my checking to savings please.
Yes, hey Jerry, my name is Evelyn Richards and I am calling because I need to change my phone number.
OK. All right, and I also would like to know when my car loan is due.
Yes, there is. I'd like to know if there are any ATMs near me.
Oh OK. All right. Well I mean I mean right at this moment I I'm actually trying to find one of your branches not an ATM but a branch where I can walk in and speak with somebody. can you tell me where the nearest branch is to where I'm located right now?
OK. Well OK. I can make that nearest one but it sounds like I'll be there after close. Is there at least a deposit slip or deposit you know drop box that I can make my deposit in there since it's after hours?
OK. Alright. I guess that's true. The reason that I'm calling is that I recently had some work done on my car and I need to transfer the money from my savings account to the mechanics account who's also at this bank.
Oh. OK. So how do I go about setting an online banking so I can do this in the future?
I wanted to make a wire transfer.
I'd like to credit cards.
Yay Shannon this is Robert Johnson. Anyway I'm out and about on the other side of town and I'm picking up groceries and stuff and is there an ATM nearby?
oh OK. hey, can I check my balance real quick?
Hi. Yes ma'am. I'm calling because I'd like to update some of my personal information.
I do have one more thing. do you guys have online banking? So that I'm able to make changes in the future for myself if need be.
If you can email that to me, that would be great.
Thank you, thank you. We need it. Send help. Ice, air conditioning didn't help. Oh, I am calling today to open an account with you guys.
no, not right now, but if you're able to send that through the the email I probably will do that on my spare time.
hey I'm calling I need to update my address. I just moved down the road.
Hey Gina, how ya doing? I'm having a little bit of trouble trying to transfer money from accounts, and I was hoping you could help me.
And do you want to know the balance right now?
Now do you want me to go ahead and send you that information about doing online banking? Because say if you wanted to do it after banking hours.
Hi my name is Davina Saint Clair. I have gotten a piece of letter from Intellibank saying to call the bank. I just wanted to make sure there wasn't any holds in my account or anything.
Yes I would like to do a transfer from my checkings to my savings sorry pardon my yawn.
While I have you on the line do you need order any new checks today?
But I do need to give you my new address. Remove from that address.
Thanks. And would you also give me my checking account balance?
Yes. Hi. I would like to update my phone. My son broke my iPhone and I had to get it replaced. oh man, what a day. Can you help me?
Yes, sir. It's going to effect immediately. Would you like more information about our online banking? That way in the future, if you would like, you can just update your personal information at your leisure?
Yes, I need to update my phone number on my account, please.
Oh I'm doing great thank you. The reason that I am calling I was going to see if I could do an internal transfer and transfer some money from my checking account into my savings account.
yes ma'am actually while I have you on the phone, could I go ahead and check the balance of both of those accounts?
I'm doing good. I need some help please. I am trying to open up a new checking account with you guys.
Oh yeah hi good evening. my name is Sarah Jones and I was looking to do a wire transfer today.
yeah I actually I was looking to see how I can figure out what time the local branch near my home. What are their hours? Can you provide me with that information?
Well, I need to find me a couple of ATMs in Salem. I'm going up there for Halloween and I don't like carrying a whole lot of money on me, but I still like to have a little bit of cash if possible. So, I'm looking for an ATM.
And could you check the balance in my checking account, please?
That's, that's, that's fine, I've heard a lot of people that go up there have a. Have a great time. just to let you know, there is a daily withdrawal limit at the ATM of five hundred dollars.
Hello this is Charlene speaking, and I have an issue regarding my address since I just recently moved and my mail keeps being sent to my old mail whereas I'm at a new place right now.
Hello, I'd like to open a bank account please.
Yes I would please. I would like to transfer one thousand dollars from my savings account, into this new checking account I'm opening today with you.
Yes I would. I would like a small amount, just fifty cheques.
Oh, OK. And can I just go to the website and make myself an online account?
I'm doing pretty good. I have a question for you. I was looking at my statement that I just received in the mail for the charges for last month and I see something on here that I don't recognize. that I don't recognize the amount or the the company that's charging me, so I'd like to actually dispute that transaction. I was wondering if you could help me with that.
Oh OK. If we can would you be able to update that or do I need to go online?
Wait, I'm sorry. You know what? I have a few cards that look alike. I might have put the wrong PIN number in. I do have another, another thing that you can help me with if you can. I wanted to check the balance of my bank account. I need to do a large order. And I wanted to make sure I had enough to cover the order.
OK, all right. would you like further information about online banking in order to check the balance more conveniently in the future?
is there a branch location closer to me?
OK. Did you wanna know the branch location that was located closest to that?
no but while I have you on the line could you check my balance for me please?
OK. so last night me and my friends. We were coming out of the club. And we were going to my car in the parking lot and we were robbed at gun point. And the the the person stole my wallet and got my credit card and and I I I even they took the keys. They didn't take my car but they took my key. Like I'm I'm just a mess. I don't know what to do right now.
I'm gonna go ahead and cancel this card right now before we get into anything else.
OK. No. This is gonna. I already escalated it. So you don't have to do anything. So like. Detectives and like our team will be in touch with you. about this so please look out for that as a phone call. But right now. As I said I. I canceled that card. So I'd like to send you a new card. just please when when you're ready. Just confirm your address for me?
All right. I need to make a transfer from my savings to my checking.
Hello, this Peter Davis calling. I wanna do a wire transfer .
OK. Yes, through email please.
I'm looking for nearest bank branch.
I'm wondering, is there any way that I can do this myself in case I need to go ahead and close another account or transfer some funds? Is there some way I can do online banking? Do you guys have that capability?
Hi Daisy. I need to find the closest branch location.
yeah, but could you also tell me the hours?
yeah, while I have you on the line could you also check my account balance?
yeah. I was looking at your website the other day and I noticed you have online banking. And when I try to log in it I didn't have access.
with that online banking, would I be able to update my account information like my phone number and address?
Yeah, I got a problem with my Intel bank account. I got a statement in the mail and I didn't buy anything at a furniture store.
I could do that but I was actually hoping I could transfer money from my wife's account. I want her to pick a tire up on her way home from work so, just so I could swap it out.
All right, would you like me to email that information to you?
Oh, I'm great thank you. I'm actually sorry to bother you about this on the phone. But I was calling to see if you could help me find a branch location near me.
OK, great. Thank you. Do you know what the operating hours for those locations would be?
OK, wonderful. And actually do you know if they would be able to help me reset my online banking log in information? I I can't seem to log on for some reason. I think maybe I might have used an old email address. I'm not sure.
yeah. I wanted to make a wire transfer.
Yes, I need to find an ATM near where I am.
actually, can you just tell me the closest branch, then? I'll just go there and do everything because I'm kind of in a hurry right now.
yes, hi. my name is John. I'm calling cuz I I lost a card. Or at least I don't know where it is.
So I'd like to get a replacement.
So I'm going to cancel your your lost card and I'm going to re-issue a new one. the address I have on file for your account is one two zero Vassel Street. is this your is this correct, sir? Is this your home address?
well I do want to know if I could maybe just, set up the internet account thing with you guys. You know the the internet thingy.
All right fine. I think I lost my credit card.
So I don't really know what to do about that. I'm just worried about my money getting used. so I want to get the money out of my credit card and put it in another bank so that if it is lost and someone tries to use it there is no credit available to use. Does that make sense?
I can't have it right now?
Hey Millie, how you doing? long time customer of Intellibank sadly first time caller. I have to make a money transfer to bail out my baby brother who is a moron.
Hi Ashley I'm calling because I'd like to open an account.
Yeah. Well anyway, I actually want to open a new account.
Oh. OK. Perfect. checking account. And do you know we have you can open a free savings account that is connected with that checking account. So would you like to do that today?
Yeah. So it it's an old one that I I had as like the custodial account. So, like, one that I used to have with like somebody on it with me but now they are not on it and I wanna make a brand brand new one.
Yes. But then we do that transaction on my end. So don't worry about it. We'll do it. We'll take care of you. We just transfer the first because I need to close the account after I transfer some money. I don't do you understand me?
Eight two. Thank you. Hold on a moment please. I need to access the account. Very good. Thank you so much. So you want to know the balance of that account right?
I'm doing pretty well I'm calling today because I would like to open an account with you guys.
Hi, yes, I was calling because there was a transaction on my account that I don't believe I made.
I'm doing pretty good. I need some help please. I need to transfer some money to my brother's account. he also has account with you all as well. So it's you know, within the same bank.
well, do you think that maybe you could help find me an ATM over near where he lives. I'll just ride over there and take out the cash and give it to him instead of trying to transfer it to his account. and I'll probably end up finding that paper when I come back from doing all that.
I'm just calling to set up a new account with you guys.
Oh, those are such bad rates for both of those option. I will like to continue with opening a new account.
no I actually do want to transfer some money to my mother's account she has an account with you guys.
You have not banked with us before. So in order for you to do an Intel transfer, I mean internal transfer I apologize, you would need to be a customer with us and you would have to have your account setup with us. I can set you up with an account today if you would like?
I'd like to transfer I'm sorry transfer my checkings to my savings.
OK, great. I would also like to update some information. I recently changed my email. Can I do that now?
Yeah, you can just tell me something about how to get. How can I get my loan, because I wanted to buy a car, so.
Hi, I'm Latoya. I'm calling because I lost my card.
yes yes I noticed that the last time when I checked my account there was a transaction that was coming and I was wondering if it go through and it was a transaction that I approved. It was for Amazon. I bought something on Amazon and I think it was twenty-four dollars. Can you please check to see if it was approved?
well first I want to update my email information on my account.
I I wanna know the nearest branch location near me.
Hi, I'm calling in to report that my account has been stolen.
I will try to go ahead and fix the situation for you. So, what I can do is I can cancel that card so the person who stole it cannot make any transactions with it and I can go ahead and re-issue you a new one.
yes I need to make a wire transfer. Can you help me with that?
yeah I need some information I need to find an ATM I moved again, moving too much all the time but you guys still have branches near me so I kept your bank so I need information, shouldn't take too long.
OK well I'll need to change that one to five fifty-six are you ready?
also can I do cash deposits?
Can I bump that up to a thousand?
What's your hours at your lobby?
yes yes I'm calling today because I want to dispute a transaction please.
Hi. I'm calling to transfer money to my mortgage company.
Oh wow, oh my God. I really wanted to to deposit a check online through my phone I live out in the desert area so it's like hard for me to get to the bank. The closest bank is like literally far out. but anyway, I'm gonna give you my ZIP code. Hopefully you find something. the ZIP code is one zero sixteen one nine zero sixteen, sorry about that.
Hi, I would like to make a wire transfer.
yes. I need to get the balance of my account. you know what? Never mind, I don't need that. I'm at a hotel downtown and I don't want them to use my debit card. because they might lock it up. Can you help me with some nearby ATM machine please?
Hello. I'd like assistance in making a wire transfer.
I have here what I think the balance should be, but I was wondering if you could, you know, tell me what the balance is and then, like I said, I'd like to transfer that to the checking.
yeah, I just got a notice in the mail saying something is wrong with my account. I don't know why this sort of thing always always happen to me. can you please help me with this?
All right, sir, I have your file here. So you need to check your account balance you say?
would you like to check that savings account balance?
OK sir, would you like any other information? Maybe some information about online banking so that if you get a letter in the mail like that you can just check that online yourself.
I wanted to update my address in my personal file.
actually that I think that that might be it. can you read me my account balance back to me please?
Yes hello Jerry. My name is Evaline Richards and I'm calling to report a lost card.
OK. Thank you and before you know I go I would like to dispute a couple of transactions I see on my checking account.
That's great, good to hear a real person around here. I need to just make I need to make an internal transfer.
Yes ma'am, I called earlier trying to open a new account but the service rep said her computer was having technical difficulty. so I would like to open an account today.
I would like to check my. I would like to check my balance on my account, ma'am. On my checkings account.
Locations do you have close to my house?
OK. Phone number please.
OK well then can you give me the balance on my checking and savings account?
OK what's your main branch address then?
Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I have a I'm having a problem here. I was I was at the bar last night and I was doing some dancing with some with some girls, you know dancing girls, and I'm not sure if my collar was lost or stolen but I don't have my card anymore, my wallet, and my shoes fell off.
Hi Alexis, I need help with changing my address.
Yes I need to find a branch near me.
And I also need my available credit on my card.
OK. I want to make a transfer from my account to my son's account. Can I do that here?
Can you can you tell me how much is in there?
Oh yeah, hi darling, good afternoon. Oh, I apologize, it's good evening over here for us too. I was tryna find information on how do I order checks from your bank I'm just a little confused and I'm kinda little, you know, not that really tech savvy, so how will that work as far as ordering checks?
Oh, that's wonderful. Thank you so much for taking your time and gimme that, and I'm so thankful that I'm able to order the checks over the phone. This is so much more easier for me. my husband was wondering if we can possibly do a I believe it's called a internal transfer?
So I received a letter in the mail from Intellibank and it was thanking me for opening a business account. But I didn't open a business account, so I don't really know what's going on.
Yeah. That is not mine. How do I dispute that? What do I do? I mean that's not my transaction.
OK. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead and flag this transaction as fraud and I'm gonna forward this to our fraud department. They're they will look into that transaction and try to get to the bottom of it. Since it was a debit card transaction I'm also going to cancel your current debit card just to be safe. But then I will send you out a replacement card with a new number on it as on it as well. You should receive a phone call within twenty-four to forty-eight hours from that fraud department. and they will just ask you some more questions and maybe get some more information from you so they can investigate that a little bit further.
Hi Daisy. My name is George. I'm new to the area and have yet to open a local account. can I open an account today with you over the phone?
Yes I need to transfer money to my husband's account.
OK can you send me a confirmation from Intellibank, please?
Yes sir. certainly I can help you with that. Would you like the location of some branches near by so you can go and seek one of our financial associates?
Hi. Yeah. I thought you were called Intel Bank but whatever. I need to make a transfer wire or whatever it's called.
I want to put money into his account.
Hey before we do the transfer could you tell me where the nearest branch is?
and also the hours please.
Hey Christina. How you doing? I I got a letter in the mail yesterday from your bank. And I kinda think I know what the issue is but it says there's a problem with my account. I was wondering if we can get this solved today?
Well that's no problem at all. I can totally update your email right away. just can you confirm the account number?
You You know what like something I really have not touched base on, and I guess I really should at this point and it probably would've solved this problem, is online banking.
yes. Hey Michael. I'm I was interested in opening up another checking account with y'all.
if possible. I mean I was just kinda curious. Can we just go ahead and fund it with some of the money I have in another account with y'all?
Hi Kathy. This is Julie Williams. I'm calling today because I wanna make a wire transfer.
Yeah. So, I need to find a location that's close to my home.
All right. I'm writing this . And, also could you give me a phone number for that branch too?
OK. While you have my account open can you tell just to make sure that I don't have anything pending to come out right now. I just don't want my account to be over drafted, that's all.
Actually it's me and my me me and my friends where having a little guys weekend and we went away to Atlantic City. Having fun in the sun, own the beach, toes in the sand you know at the casino, gambling, living it up. Having a good time. And I lost my travel card.
once I I realized this had happened last night would it have been easier if I did online banking would I have go online and cancel this right away or.
Doing good. I I I have a few things to go over with my account and I guess the number one issue. It's not even an issue. number one thing I wanna do is do a wire transfer. My my parents are going away on vacation. Then it this is like a present from me to them for all they've done for me. So I'm I'm gonna I wanna send them some money to pay for their trip.
you know what? I think I need to go through and update some personal information on my account.
Do you wanna do online banking maybe?
OK Sir. well I can give you a list of ATM locations close by. That way you can do a withdrawal and that way you can pay for whatever you're getting at that food truck. All right?
Hi Becky, my name is Raoul. I'm calling because I wanted to move money from my savings to my checking account.
Yeah, I was just wondering if this is something I could have done online myself.
Sure. Don't worry about my account. I just received some information on a document that needs to be provided. I honestly don't understand what this is for or what it's about.
OK. Where is your Intellicheck bank located?
This I I need to is there a way I can change my answer after I answer the question because I I hate to say this. I I I need to change it to Power Rangers.
And I need to get money to her. can I I and I I don't because she don't have her cards she can't access her accounts and I can't. It doesn't doesn't matter if I transfer money to her account or you know accessing our account. She she don't have her cards.
Just by chance you know cuz she has to. Like like I said like we have to pay for all these expenses up front and her company will reimburse her. Say if by time the end of her stay she's like running out of money. Can I set up instead of doing another transfer like what's it called? Like a a travel card or something?
Well, I was actually calling to go ahead update my information. If I could?
OK great thank you so much. Now could since I have you on the phone could I go ahead and check the the balance of my oh not my savings account, the other one my my debit card account? I'm sorry it's been such a long week.
OK, would you like the balance in that account before we get started?
Well I'm calling today because I'm trying to transfer money from my account to my mom's account and I was wondering if you could help me with that please.
Oh OK if we can update that please to my new address
no not right now but I would like some help opening up a a savings account please.
All right thank you Kim. And let's see. I think I have all the information I need You will incur. you will earn two percent interest on this account again this is a completely free account so there will be no fees incurred. And do you need help with setting this up online or would you like me to send that to your email as well?
Yes Jerry, I lost the keys to my lock box. But I I'll come in another day to take care of that. I'm really calling because I lost my card.
OK, that's good. That is good. Now what is the online process? Could you explain it?
OK, that is great. That's great. Well, would would you mind telling me what my savings account balance is?
OK. Two hundred six dollars and fifty-three cents. OK. Thank you for that and up would also like to make a wire transfer if I could.
OK. I need to complete a wire transfer to send money to my son.
So for the bill payment, we can do an internal transfer.
Yes, please. Also, can you tell me my last transaction?
Yes. You can do a wire transfer or an internal transfer online with our online banking.
Yes I want to open up a a a new account.
And are we pulling or putting any money from your checkings account into your savings account?
Hey, I just got my credit card stolen, so I need some help right now.
Can I have it like today or tomorrow?
I'm having trouble with changing my address. Could you help me?
Sure I just couldn't change my address. Things were going wrong on the app.
I also need to make a wire transfer.
I want to put money in my savings account from my checking account. You need my account number?
Sure you can give me my savings balance if you will the one with the added money.
OK. OK, so what I would suggest since you need to get him money right away is a wire transfer.
We're gonna need to update that as well.
Oh my goodness . I've gotta get to the store today before they close. But before I get there I gotta check something on my Intellibank account and I think I should do that in person. Do you think you can help me with that?
You did, OK. All right well that's the the reason that you're having a little bit of difficulty here. I would be very happy to update that information for you.
Yes, yes as a matter of fact, you know I have been looking at thinking of maybe opening up a new account, another savings account, for my grandchildren.
Hi, my name is Laura and I want to open a checking account.
yeah, I'm trying to make a wire transfer.
Yeah, actually how much do I have in my regular checking?
yeah what time does the branch close?
Hi Amber I'd like to make a wire transfer. Can I do that over the phone?
I'd like to open a checking account please.
I'd like to transfer money from my bank across town.
She does and so does my son, maybe we can also transfer some money to him. Can this be done if I set up an online banking or does it have to be done only through you guys?
Yeah, hello there. I would like to see if I could do an internal transfer with you today.
Oh wonderful wonderful wonderful. Do you by any chance offer any kind of loans at your bank? Like an auto loan. I was trying to get a loan for my daughter but she looks like she gonna need some help, so we're willing to help finance the car but we need to get approved for an amount. Do y'all offer that at your bank?
Oh Miss Darleen. Before we hang up, I can also give you information about our online banking to setup your account that way as well.
Yes hey Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards. I'm out of town and I need to get some quick cash.
Yes well how much can I get take out of the ATM?
OK OK. And by the way what's can you also tell me my checking account balance?
OK that's great. anyway I'm calling because I don't recognize something on my on my online account.
Hi. Yes, can I get some more information in regards to internal transfers, I believe?
Oh, yes, sure. Not a problem. In order for me to do so we have a lot of local branches branches, I'll just need your direct home address and I'll be able to look that up for you.
I would love to do a transfer for my checkings account.
Oh, thank you so much. My husband was actually asking me at exactly if he wanted to use our business account, and just take money out of there and put that in our checking. Can you possibly help me with that this evening?
I was kinda interested in learning more about your online banking. And how that actually works.
yes. I just moved from out of town. could you help me with some local ATM machines please?
Yes, hello Jerry. My name is Evelyn Richards, can you help me find an ATM near me?
Right, I would like to get some information about the online I'm not set up so if you would help me with that I'd appreciate it.
OK, and what are your hours?
Yeah. I I I will probably want a checking account so that I can start using you guys for my debit because I just I kept getting fees on my charges and that's what I don't like.
Yes, I think I need to dispute a transaction on my account.
Can you tell me what the nearest location is for me?
OK. And they would like you to make a wire transfer to pay for that that car?
Oh no! I've gotta have this right away because I don't have transportation to work.
OK. So one of the options to do wire transfer instead of calling, if you're frustrated with the wait time would be to do it in online banking. Can I go over really quick how you should set that up?
I'm doing great thank you. I was actually calling to see if I could transfer some money from my savings account into my checking account.
Sure absolutely. It is two six one nine eight two four seven eight. And after you get that transferred, could I check the the available balances in both. Or I guess the new balances for both of those accounts?
Hi, I'm calling because I'd like to open an account.
Yes, I'd like to open a new account.
Well, I'll apply for it later, but the reason why, the main reason why I called today is I wanted to open up a bank account with you guys.
Well, I was doing great actually, until the mail came. And I got my credit card statement in the mail, and I was looking it over. And there's a charge on here that I did not make.
All right, sir. I can give you a few close by ATM machines. Would that be useful?
yes, hello Crystal. I would like to update some of my personal information. Basically my address.
I definitely can help you with that. We can most likely just do a wire transfer. first things first though, can I get your name?
Hello this is Peter Davis I want to update my street address.
Yes, my name is Evelyn Richards and I want to dispute a transaction that was made on my platinum card.
OK, Jackson, and were you thinking of sending her some money?
Would you like me to update that in our system?
well Rose I'm calling because I am trying to check the balance of my account. I had tried to check this information online and was having an issue and I've had several things hit up against my account over the past several days and I I really I I need I need to know the balance and like I said trying to go online hasn't been successful. So I was hoping that you'd be able to help me out.
Oh OK great. I actually would like to since that balance it it actually is a little bit more than I thought. I'd like to transfer five hundred dollars over to my savings account. do you think you could help me with that?
Hi, yes ma'am I'm calling because cause I need to update some of my personal information.
is is there any way that I can set up online banking and do this my self in the future without having to go
Come to think of it, I'm sorry I gave you the wrong phone number earlier. Can I update it to a new one?
OK. Well I was I was calling because I'm actually I haven't and been able to have access on my phone for some reason . I'm not getting any bars where I am. and I need to transfer some money from my savings over to my checking so I have access to some money out here.
No worries. And while I have you actually since my phone isn't letting me use it to do any online banking or anything can I bother you to help me find an ATM around here?
Hello Katie, I guess how you doing? I don't know if I should be calling you first or the police first but my it looks like my card was stolen.
And also too on top of top of this the other day, I got a letter from Intelligible Bank saying that there's a problem with my account, so I I have like a lot of issues going on right now.
Yeah. I'm looking to find an Intellibank branch.
I got this email saying there was some information that I should look into I'm not really sure what it's saying though. So I just wanted to talk to someone in person about it.
I'm a little confused. I I have to update my security?
Yeah, yeah. OK, well, the reason why I'm calling is I wanna make an internal transfer.
Yeah. What are. What are my balances on those two accounts?
Yeah, actually, I need to update my personal information.
Hi, how are you doing? I just moved and and I just wanted to know if there were any close by ATM machine chine by this address?
Hi Alexis. I have trouble today. And I need to change my address.
Hi. Yes, I'm interested in finding out more information in regards to your internal transfer.
Yes, I was speaking with my husband and we were interested to know if you guys provided auto loan.
just so my husband and I know can you just briefly tell me the nearest branch at my location.
Is there any limits on how much I can withdraw per day?
Can I can I get that put down to two fifty, because I don't want my old lady spending too much money?
I wanted to make sure oh yeah I needed to update my address too.
Hi Daisy my name is Hank. I called earlier but it was way too loud in the pub and I couldn't hear a thing the previous agent was saying. I I need to update some information on my account. My phone number to be exact.
Yeah I was trying to log in to make this change on your website. But I couldn't login for some reason.
no but I do have a question, could you tell me the address of the closest branch to me?
Are the hours listed there?
yes. This is why I wanna report it stolen. I saw that there was at least one transaction made.
Now we need to re-issue a new card.
I think an ATM will work just fine. I just need something. I just need what's the closest to me.
OK is is there a branch nearby?
and could you really quickly just confirm my balance for me right now?
And do you have. Can you see my the balance of my savings account too?
I wanna move money from one account to another. Is this something Intel does over the phone?
Yeah actually. I was trying to log into my banking account earlier but I wasn't able to log in.
Would you like me to email that information?
Hi! I'm and I was requesting if I could get some help in a wire transfer.
The first one is at nine hundred Fifth Street in University Way. It's at the corner besides the CVS Pharmacy. And the second one is next to the library entrance off of Patterson Way and Third Street. And let's see, finally there is one at the public shopping plaza at the intersection of Canterbury Place and Merrill Road. Do you want me to email this list to you?
that's correct. oh is that Intrabank bank ATM at the library location near a parking lot, do you know?
yes, I'm calling you back. I called earlier. I got that information that I needed to update.
Oh I see. I see. OK well the reason why I'm calling is I wanna make a transfer of some money from my checking account to my savings account.
the checking account is one five zero one. Zero six. Eight five. and I need to know what my balance is for each one of these accounts. before I make the transfer.
yeah actually I need to find an ATM machine.
Oh OK yeah that should be easy to remember. One five seven Mouse Street. OK Oh and you know there's something else that I need to do. I I can't believe I left this to the end. I need to report my credit card stolen.
Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm calling because I'd like to open an account.
All right. OK. So I've got a confirmation on that cancel. it's definitely canceled. It's gonna take twenty-four hours to cancel. we'd like to re-issue you a new issue you. I'm sorry. I have a frog in my throat. I'd like to re-issue issue you a new card. What is the address that you would like me to send it to?
hi my name is Ashley. I'm just calling to find an ATM that's close to me.
I'm just switching apartments and I guess I gotta update my address?
I wanted to wire some money to a relative. Is that possible?
And did you want a update on my email?
Is there anyway to find out some of the branch locations town of I forgot where we were going. Oh, we're going to Colorado Springs that's right.
Check my balance in my savings account and my checking account.
no I need a branch location though.
And the lobby hours?
I moved to Texas and I can't remember if I changed my address or not.
Hi there. Listen, I'm a customer and I need help. I lost my credit card and I'm having problems with my checking account.
I just used it at the restaurant. But then, after my daughter and I got into it, she stormed off. I think she might have taken, but I just I, I think, I don't know. We should cancel it. Just to be sure.
Yes. Somebody while I was at the gas station somebody stole my Intel bank card. I don't know what to do. I think they're going to try to spend money on it.
Yes. I like I just want to update my email address for my account.
I would like to a stolen card.
I'll also like to change the email address.
well Rose I need some help today please with a transaction. I just opened up my my statement that I got in the mail and there was a charge on there I didn't recognize. So I was wondering if you could help me out with that.
Oh, OK. Great. Thank you, then. and also, I don't know if I can do that right now. I would like to check my account balance.
Yes. I need to find where is a branch near where I live?
Yes. And also by the way I also wanna get my interest rate for my savings. Account.
OK sir. So basically I can find a bank location for you to go in to visit a bank branch. Would you be interested in that?
Yeah but what are the opening hours there?
OK. And then I have another question. I wanna have a traveler's card.
I certainly can. So it looks like you may need to dispute a transaction?
sorry to interrupt, do you guys have a way to check the credit score through the banking app?
OK, well that is completely understandable. I don't memorize those numbers off the top of my head either. but due to company policy, I can't complete the closing of the account request without verifying the checking account and routing number first, however, I will happy to instruct you on setting up a online account so that you're able to complete the request at your convenience? Would that be helpful?
Hi Susan. Hey I, I think I lost my credit card.
This is Jennifer Johnston. I wanna know how I can put some money into my sister's account.
OK, are you signed up for our online banking?
Well that's actually why I'm calling cuz I'm having trouble with my phone. And I need to find a branch near me and of course, this is the first time I've ever been out here. And I do not know where any branches are and my phone refuses to give me the information.
Yes, a branch. And honestly, I would like to know the ATM information as well if there is one available.
OK, awesome. while I have you, can I also check my accounts since, like I said, I wasn't able to get on my phone to find a location or do anything cuz it's it's not the your website. It's my phone. I can't get a a signal. I don't know what's going on, so I was just wondering if I could check my checking account balance as well.
Hi. This is Laura Winters, and my granddaughter needs a need mixer. She her old one broke, and I decided that I want to help her and get one. But I need to find out if I have enough money in my account cuz they're on sale for three hundred and seventy-nine dollars right now. And so she has two orders for cheesecake. She needs it as soon as possible.
Oh, well, I must be thinking of a different account somewhere else. But I don't want to use Intellibank for this purchase. so I would need to open a checking account then, right?
This is Peter Davis. I want to say there's something wrong with the bank app I can't log in there. I need to make payments and it won't load. The screen won't load I mean.
No, I I I don't have time for that right now. I need to go to the car dealer. Because they are fixing my car. And yeah, I need to be there before closing time. Anyway but I I calling because I wanted to update my home address.
Yes. I got something in the mail today about my loan.
OK. Yeah. Well I'll be happy you help you locate a branch near wherever you might be. If you would, let me ask, what is the street address that you're at so that I can pull up a branch near there?
Yeah I need to know what my last transaction is on my credit card.
I have a dispute I want to to be helped with because I'm seeing a transaction that has been made through my account which I had no idea or or did authorize it to take place.
Hi. Yes ma'am, I'm calling because I need to do a wire transfer.
actually could you tell me a little bit more about your online banking?
Well, glad they called. That was absolutely not me. Great. Is this going to be a mess to deal with?
Hey, by the way, while you've got my account pulled up, can you change my number on there?
I would like to make a wire transfer.
Hello Erica. I would like to see what is the nearest branch is?
Actually, I changed my mind. I would like some assistant with updating my personal information please.
I lost my card.
Hi Daisy, my name's George. I'm calling because I wanted to move money from my checking account to my savings.
Hi Daisy, I need to pay some bills, so I'd like to transfer some money.
Yes actually. Could you help me update my email address?
Yeah could you really quickly just repeat my final checking account balance?
Yes, hi Jerry. my name is Evelyn Richards and I'm calling because I lost my card.
OK. I appreciate that. And I wanted to also update my number.
Yes there is. I would like to, if you don't mind, have the date on my car note.
Yes there is. I would also like to open a savings account.
I'm doing good thank you. We just moved so I'm trying to call everyone and get all of my personal information updated and I need to update my new address with y'all.
Yeah actually, while I have you on the phone would you mind if I check my account balance?
Yeah but but the the main reason I'm calling is I lost my credit card.
While you sent me this mails, can you also send me a mail about loans?
Yeah so the branch I just go to decided to change their hours and they aren't open past Five p.m. anymore. So I need to find one that's open later please.
And. And the lobby it. It's open until five p.m. then. That's right correct?
yes, I'd like to check the my checking account balance please.
Well that's good. And I believe you offered online banking. Is that something that you could help me get set up today?
Would you like to find the nearest branch location sir?
does the first one have an ATM?
OK. So, you're trying to use your debit card and it's declining and did you want to check the balance on your account?
OK. So, would you like to dispute this?
Oh can, when we're done with that, can I check the balance on my savings I just want to make sure that kinda running low on funds and I want to make sure that I'm good until my next paycheck.
Hi. Yes I was cuz I wanted to update my address on my account.
Being one and know about online banking. Is is that another way I can access my account?
OK. Is there a way I can update my security question?
Yes, hey Jerry my name is Evelyn Richards, and I'm calling to report a lost card.
OK and by the way I got something in the mail about a rate interest increase. And I was told it was fixed so is can you explain that?
OK. I was gonna come by the bank and speak to Michelle but I decided to just call. And you know, so I'm happy about that, and I also would like to make a wire transfer.
All right, ma'am. Well, what I could suggest doing we could do an internal transfer which is where we would transfer some money from your joint account into your personal account.
Yeah, I'm trying to find and locate a new banking branch. I've moved.
Yes I need to transfer some money to my mom's bank account.
I'm also having a problem with my savings accounts there's a transfer I don't recognize.
OK. So I. I need well I need to do a couple things. First thing first, my brother, my kid brother, he has a bar and he went into the bar business and doesn't know what he's doing. And, big brother that I am, am coming to to to save the day. And perform a bar rescue and I need to send him some money.
Yeah. I also. I wanna open up another checking account. This way I can You know, for myself cuz I'm gonna take over some of the bills with this to try to get him back on track with this.
yeah just I guess real quick Online banking. If I. If I get set up for online banking, would I be able to manage all these accounts in one spot?
Yeah I'm trying to send some money to my son through a wire transfer, can yo help me with that?
Oh yeah now that I have you on the call, I'd like to cancel one of my credit cards.
All right, wonderful. Can you also transfer some money from that credit card debit card that we are canceling to my other one that I have with my wife? That way, I won't miss out on the funds.
yes. I want to report a lost card.
By the way do you need to know your account balances to make sure that it wasn't tampered?
since you're there, could you read my savings balance to me as well?
All right. And by the way, what's the balance on my savings account?
Yes I like to dispute it.
Well yes hi good afternoon I was trying to see how I could do an internal transfer with y'alls bank today?
Well I want to take money out of my checkings and put it into my savings how much money is can I possibly transfer with you today?
Yes, hello Jerry my name is Eleanor Richards I got a statement in the mail about my gold card I'm not sure what's it's about.
I am doing quite well. Thank you. I was calling to see if I could check my savings account balance with you, please?
Well, we moved not too long ago and when I went up to the driver's license place, to change my address up there, they went ahead and changed my license number. You know, over from my social security number to an actual driver's license number. So I'm not sure what you have on file. The original number, it was three four five four six five nine five one.
Yes ma'am. Actually could I transfer the, or transfer five hundred dollars from my savings account into my checking account?
yes. I have a problem with my Intel bank account. I would like to talk to someone in person about that please.
I'm calling today trying to open up account.
Well, my wife got a flat tire and her car got towed to the shop and now I need to move money into her account so she can get it fixed.
How much does she have? Can you tell?
Hi. Yes, ma'am. I'm calling because I need help finding an ATM near me.
by the way, is there a daily withdrawal limit?
Hi. Yes, I'm calling to see if you guys can assist me with trying to find the nearest branch near me?
Thank you. Oh I forgot something too. Do you guys do can I deposit my checks there too?
OK. Now with the bank Intel do you guys have an phone app with that?
I I'm doing great. Hey, I wonder if you can help me. I need to update my phone number cuz I missed a call the other day. I have a new phone number.
You know what? I I needed to transfer some money some I don't some money from one of my accounts to another one of my accounts in all in Intelligent Bank.
yeah, I want to report a stolen card.
I don't want to open anything else. But I do have another checking account. So if I could just move it to that checking account, that'd be fine.
Yeah, so if you can close that and then if you can just send one of those verification forms that it's been closed. That'd what I need, OK.
I would like to open a checking account. But I cannot go in person because I am sick with a cold.
Actually I can do that another day. I want this to be over quicker since it hurts to talk. Can you help me with making a wire transfer? That's more important to me right now.
Yes. I need help with the with finding the nearest branch to my location.
let me just pull up your information here so we can find out what ATM might be near you. if you would, what is your phone number and date of birth?
OK Jackson. Were you thinking of sending your mom some money?
not particularly. but can I do wire transfers like this online?
Yes so I got a letter in the mail and I don't really understand what it's telling me. It's saying something about a closed location.
I need to make a deposit like now.
yeah I'm at work but I wanted to hit a ATM on my way home could you please tell me where the closest ATM is?
yeah would you provide me with my account balance?
OK another question. Can you tell me if the check I wrote to Bubba's Burgers last week has cleared?
Yeah. I need to order another debit card.
So I think I might have lost it or like left it in the ATM somewhere. I'm not really sure but I just can't find it.
Mine mine is not so good. I was calling in to ask for my branch. I need. I need to make a deposit.
Well I am considering opening a bank account with you guys.
OK. Alright. So I've got your account set up here. If you want checks, do you want checks for this account?
Yes, I like to make simply make a wire, wire transfer today. I need to transfer some money.
Fine. Can you could I go ahead and transfer some of my savings to my checking?
Hi Ashley, I'm calling because I need to update some of my personal information.
Hi, yes, I've been trying to get in touch with you guys since this morning because I lost my card.
OK, and can you tell me what's the last transaction that came from the card?
I wanna change the phone number.
Well, I was doing all right until I got my credit card statement in the mail and I was looking and on my transactions I I'm seeing a transaction on the twenty-ninth of September from Apple for the amount of two thousand four hundred ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents and I did not make that. So I've looked around for my credit card. I can't find it anywhere. I don't I guess maybe the last time I used it, I might have left it on the counter or dropped it somewhere. I don't know what happened.
Oh, yeah. Great. Thank you.
